===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2025 Question & Answer Session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Anoori Naughton, Senior Director of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Anoori Naughton: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's first quarter 2025 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre-recorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded remark. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements, including expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations for the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. And I appreciate the help on your 2Q tariff expense. Just appreciating the fluidity of the situation and that you're taking some mitigating actions including trying to get an exemption. Is there a rough way for investors to think about the risk ahead if an exemption doesn't immediately come through? And I guess I'm trying to quantify what might not be currently quantifiable, but I guess any help in thinking about the level of risk in 3Q and 4Q might help to diminish some of the uncertainty on the stock?
Michele Buck: Steve, do you want to take that one?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. You bet. Thanks for the question, Ken. Yes. So for Q2, I'd say we have enough clarity this year that 15 to 20, as you'd expect, we've got a lot of inventories. So that mitigates some of the impact for Q2. As we look to the back half, as you said, I'll start by saying it changes constantly and that's part of the reason for not sharing it in the release. But if we look at the unmitigated impact for Q3 and Q4, and of course, we are going to mitigate, we'll talk more about that in a minute. But the unmitigated impact could be up to $100 million per quarter for quarter three and quarter four. If you break that down, two-thirds of it are either Cocoa or the Canadian retaliatory tariffs. And those are the two areas where, as you can imagine, we've got the most effort focused on influencing government action, using every lever at our disposal to get those tariffs changed, particularly with respect to Cocoa. But that's the impact of unmitigated. And as we've talked about in the past that we're going to use aside from the lobbying and the influencing and so forth, we're going to use every lever in the toolbox for whatever amount of tariffs remain as we go forward in the back half of the year. And we'll be in a position to share more specifics about those actions and kind of get to the mid-year mark. But as we've said before like all of the levers are on the table as we look at mitigating both Cocoa and that incremental tariff component.
Michele Buck: Yes. And Ken I just add in all that work is well underway, exploring every lever productivity, pricing, sourcing, manufacturing changes, all of that?
Ken Goldman: Got it. Okay. That's very clear. Thank you. And then a quick follow-up. You said to expect 2Q EPS to decline by less than 1Q, just on the Easter season timing and some ERP reversals. 1Q was down obviously pretty heavily over 30%, but the Streets modeling 2Q down less than 2%. Again, I know there's some uncertainty here, but how would you like us to think about the magnitude of that decline just in light of some of the tailwinds and headwinds you mentioned?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. So I'll give you a couple of things. In total for the first half, we expect EPS to be down about 30%. So if you kind of take the full year guide at mid-30s, also implies the back half probably down about 40%. If we go a little bit deeper on the second quarter, as you mentioned, the net sales side will be very strong with the long Easter and the lap of the deload last year with the ERP change. For the second quarter, we expect gross margin to be down about 700 basis points and that includes that small tariff component that I mentioned earlier. And we also expect SG&A dollars will be up meaningfully. And part of that is last year, we didn't spend much on marketing and so on as we came out of the ERP transformation. So you can expect that this year, we'll have high teens year-over-year SG&A growth in the second quarter, just reflecting that bigger lap. So gross margin was probably the biggest change relative to the Q2 outlook. And as you mentioned, there's some noise there with the new ERP system and basically how we manage commodity cost to the P&L across the quarters. But on a full year basis, it has no impact.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Last quarter in the prepared remarks, you mentioned an outlook for balanced top and bottom line growth in '26. And on the call last quarter, I think you mentioned an expectation for earnings growth next year even at current Cocoa levels. In today's prepared remarks, you mentioned some actions that you'll take next year, but don't go as far as to discuss earnings next year. And I'm just curious if you're thinking on that front has changed.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I would say our thinking hasn't changed. We still see a path to earnings growth next year even with tariffs as we currently understand. And now I will say, the next breath that path is narrower. It's more challenging and it's going to point to the importance of the mitigation of the actions that we're going to take as we get further into this year, but we still see a path to earnings growth next year and that balanced growth formula for '26.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Okay. Thank you for that. And then I know your pricing actions this year have been a bit more nuanced, right, in an effort to sort of gain some incremental shelf placements, maybe especially in the instant consumable space. And I'm curious if you're seeing any benefits there as of yet? And if so, how do you I guess, or how should we think about the progress you expect on market share as a result of that specifically in CMG in the coming quarters? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Sure. So Andrew, thanks for the question. I guess a couple of components of that. First of all, if we think about instant consumable. We have seen already some improvements in trips in C-Stores. So January and February were the worst months. Then we started to see a little bit of moderation. In April, we started to see some green shoots on our instant consumable business as we've started to see some signs of incremental merch placement that are having an impact and as we've said more of that to come as we approach the back half of the year. We have visibility to some incremental programming as we look forward into the summer and fall. And we also, of course, know that we have very strong robust innovation that will really help to drive the business. So while we haven't built into our numbers any other further potential upside. We do think as the consumer continues to be more pressured and air travel pulls back, we will likely see some increase in car travel, which could benefit C-Store, though we haven't built that in. As we look at market share, yes, we're very pleased with where we are on a year-to-date basis. We had anticipated all along that Q1 would be a little bit softer, Q2 stronger given the shift of Easter. We're really pleased that our year-to-date share is now positive as we've captured that positivity of the later Easter. And we continue to expect share to be neutral to up in the second half, driven by our continued outperformance in sweets where we're really pleased with the momentum we've got there. Our business was up 10%, up 100 basis points in share. And then we've seen continued strength in seasons and we anticipate continued improvement in the trends in chocolate and refreshment given the programming to come.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Max Gunport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gunport: Thanks for the question. There might be some rounding involved with this question. But at the midpoint, your guidance seems to apply that pre-considering tariffs. Your expectation for EBITDA has gone up modestly. So if that's correct, just any factors you're seeing that have made you a bit more optimistic on the base business or really is there just some rounding going on in terms of the what we might be seeing in the guidance? Thanks very much.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Thanks for the question, Max. It is really rounding. Fundamentally, we're still aligned with the outlook for the significant change.
Max Gunport: Great. And then on the US consumer and snacking pressure in particular. So the prepared remarks had comments about the softening consumer sentiment and value seeking behaviors you're seeing. And it sounds like that's really what you would attribute the weakness in snacking that we're currently seeing. But I'm wondering if you're also seeing any impact from changing consumer preferences and healthier eating. I think those are the types of dynamics that have helped inform some of your recent M&A actions. I'd be curious to get more color on what you're seeing on that front. Thanks very much.
Michele Buck: Yes. So let me start by saying, yes, overall, certainly, we're seeing, a weak consumer, consumer confidence down. Fortunately, we aren't really seeing that impact show up in our categories. CMG has held up incredibly well. Part of that is, of course, chocolate in particular plays a very important emotional role in people's lives. The connectivity they have to the brands, especially in troubled times and especially in our seasons business. As we look at Salty, certainly the business has held up really well relative to it being premium and permissible. And we've also been really very pleased to see that elasticities have held up really well in the category. On a year-to-date basis, everyday chocolate pricing is up 8%, volume is down 4.5%. So we think that's really another good indicator of the category holding up incredibly well.
Max Gunport: Great. Thanks very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. It looks like seasonal chocolates going to be strong in the first half as you had expected. I wonder, it looks like you have bigger plans for everyday chocolate heading into the second half. I think you mentioned that you expect improvement there. Do you think you can get to growth in your nonseasonal chocolate business in the second half?
Michele Buck: Yes. We are feeling good based on the plans that we have that, that is going to come through. We've mentioned before, very strong innovation that we haven't yet announced in the back half of the year that we think is going to be certainly a key driver. We have and are expecting low-single-digit growth in everyday CMG.
David Palmer: That's great. And then on non-chocolate or sweets, you're doing really well there. I'm sure maybe now you wish you were bigger in that category at this very moment, but I wonder how you're thinking about that strategically. Is that category having a moment with perhaps some new forms out there really driving growth for you and you're gaining a lot of share or maybe do you think this is a platform that has legs like long-term? This isn't just a moment where you're getting some hits with forms, but rather this is a category that should outperform chocolate over the long-term? And I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Yes. So I absolutely believe that this is not just a moment in time on sweets. It has long-term growth potential. Some of what we're seeing is a strong interest in consumers and in their palettes for these types of products. Some components of that are generational and demographic as we see younger consumers and also young diverse families being big consumers of this segment. And I think we've also seen in this segment the power of great innovation and really creating growth, whether it's the new brands that we've put in the marketplace like Shaq, new forms like J.R. Ropes or Freeze Dried and we have further plans to continue to grow and innovate there.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks. I saw the news about the ribbon cutting at the Reese's chocolate processing facility and I know that you're now at the tail end of your billion dollar expansion plan for chocolate expanding capacity. But Michele with Cocoa futures really stubbornly high and a weaker consumer environment, I would imagine the volume outlook for chocolate must be lower than what was originally expected a few years ago when the capacity expansion started. So forgive me if you've talked about this before, but if you and Steve could help square those two things, like if the plan was, say, to expand capacity on chocolate by 10%, but volume has got to be lower than what you thought. How do you still make that capacity expansion work for you financially?
Michele Buck: Yes. So this new plant really allows us to be much more agile and gives us flexibility across the network. And, what we are producing at this plant is chocolate paste, which gives us stronger control over our supply chain and more vertical integration. So we came into COVID capacity constrained. And, as you know, we had several periods of time where we weren't able to meet demand, especially in seasons. And the billion dollar investment really helped to get us caught up, and we're already seeing that benefit show up in seasons where our growth has been significantly higher because we've really been able to capture some of that, and that's what's been able to gain share every season for the last eight. And also on Reese, that's where we're most underdeveloped or under leveraged on capacity. We're now able to invest for even bigger innovation.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Salera with Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Salera: Hi, Michele. Hi, Steve. Thanks for taking our question. I wanted to maybe drill down on something that we've been hearing recently from HHS in talking about potentially putting some restrictions on what people can buy with SNAP dollars. Two part question. One, are you able to quantify what percentage of your sales are purchased with SNAP dollars? And then do you have a sense for how wide ranging some of those restrictions might be? Because it seems like the administration's focus is really around artificial ingredients or highly processed food. And if I just think about the ingredients in a Hershey's Kiss or a milk chocolate bar, there really aren't that many. And so while it might fall under candy, it might still be included given that it's basically natural. Just any thoughts on that and if you could quantify what the potential impact that might be? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So first of all, we're watching how the implementation plays out to get full clarity on exactly how it will work. But based on our current understanding, we don't anticipate a material impact to our business. First of all, we don't over index to SNAP relative to the category of food in general. In fact, only about 2% of SNAP purchases are candy, which is well below many other categories like Soda, Salty Snacks, Desserts. And so we see pretty similar buying matters between SNAP and non-SNAP households and certainly in Salty our portfolio is premium and permissible. So we don't anticipate that, well, the overall category may have an impact. We don't think that, that will impact us. And as it relates to kind of the broader -- your question around natural ingredients at kind of the Maha components of all of this. Our highest priority is always around safety and quality of our products. And we proactively try to stay ahead of where regulation might be headed and we've been ahead of some of the changes that have been needed like propylparaben banned in California. We were ahead of Red Dye No. 3. So we've had work underway on natural coloring for quite some time. Chocolate should be less impacted, you're correct, if you look at the ingredient labels, a lot of our products really are pretty simple natural ingredients. Some of the areas that might be impacted by this are mostly in the sweets portfolio.
Jim Salera: Okay. Great. And then maybe just as a follow-up to that. In your conversations with your retail partners, do you get a sense that when they're putting together the planograms that they kind of have an eye towards maybe favoring products that would broadly fall under kind of snack food but have less exposure to artificial ingredients or things like that and could that potentially be a benefit as we think about shelf resets as we move into the back half of the year?
Michele Buck: I mean, I think it could be. I think they're always going to look at what is going to have the highest velocity and make their shelves as productive as possible. Perhaps some of it could be can every manufacturer move as quickly as needed to be on top of the changes but they will always focus on what consumers want and we know that the importance of focusing on health and wellness and functionality as well as the value of indulgence will continue.
Jim Salera: Great. I'll hop back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, good morning, Michele and Steve. Thanks for the questions. I just wanted to circle back actually on Ken Goldman's initial question around kind of the tariff thinking. And Michele, maybe just even from reading in the prepared remarks it reads to me like maybe there was a big internal debate as to whether to include the impact of tariff for full year in the guidance versus just for 2Q. So just maybe help us understand the thinking a bit more around what the internal discussion was on just 2Q versus the full year and kind of how you came to this conclusion relative maybe to some of your peers who have put it in for the full year.
Michele Buck: I wouldn't say that we had -- we certainly had discussion, but I wouldn't say we had massive internal debate. Steve, maybe you want to talk about a little bit more.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. No big debate. And peers have done a lot of different things, so there isn't one formula for how this has been handled. I think the challenge is in discussing A) we always want to be transparent and so that goes to the answer to Ken's question around visibility to everything we know at the moment knowing that it's subject to still a lot of change, particularly on this front. And the second piece was the mitigation activity. It's one thing to talk about an unmitigated tariff impact, it's another talk about fully mitigate work with our mitigation actions in-year and contributing. And so without those two pieces matched up, it's sort part of the story. And so we want to give you the pieces as best as we know them. And as we get to the mid-year mark, we'll talk more about that mitigation and probably have a better view of the net impact as we go forward. And then in the meantime, hopefully, some legislative action will make that unmitigated impact fall lower anyway.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. No, thanks for that. That's helpful. And Steve, I think in your prepared remarks there's are some moving pieces just as we try and think about revenue phasing maybe more so in the back half of the year. But I think if I read it correctly, snacks kind of on an impacted basis exited at a pretty healthy rate. I know there's some wonkiness in the comps on confectionery in 2Q, but maybe you can just help us on the revenue phasing in the back half of the year? Thanks very much.
Steve Voskuil: I don't think there's anything surprising in the back half of the year relative to the profile on the top line.
Michele Buck: Should be in line with the long-term of 2% to 4% across the quarters in the third and fourth quarter and in line relatively across the segment as well.
Peter Galbo: Okay. Thanks very much.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So can I ask, first of all, about the more precise timing of this big innovation in Reese's in the fall? When is that due to happen? And you mentioned that you expect it to be the biggest innovation ever on the brand. I mean, that's a pretty big statement. You probably can't tell us what the innovation is, but what is it that gives you confidence that it might be the biggest innovation ever for that brand?
Michele Buck: Well, we are consistently innovating and investing in our iconic brands, specifically to give consumers what they're asking for. And sometimes they know what they want. Other times, we're trying to provide some things that we think they will want. But this innovation is something that they've been asking more for quite a long time. So and based on all of our early planning around that, all of the research that we've done, that gives us a pretty good feel for size of innovation. That's what gives us the confidence relative to the size. Relative to timing stay tuned. It will be hitting in the fall and we're really anxious for all about it and try it.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on the additives question. I know, for example, you have Red No. 40 in Twizzlers still. Can you quantify what proportion of your overall sales still have additives in them that would be on the list that's going to be, I guess, banned in 2027?
Michele Buck: Yes, it's largely going to be our sweets portfolio, some refreshments. And then anything else that's coated chocolate. So if you think about Cadbury Eggs, for example, will fall into that bucket. So that should give you a feel for the size. And then relative to the ingredients, obviously, it's a relatively small total percent of our ingredient costs. But we feel good about our ability to be compliant based on all of the work that we have under already.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: As you talk about readying some of the options, just you know, at least contingency or hypothetical planning for 2026. You called out pricing, price pack architecture, demand shaping and sourcing strategies. The price pack architecture and pricing are fairly straightforward. Can you just maybe give a sense of what some of the demand shaping and sourcing strategy changes might look like?
Michele Buck: Yes, certainly. So as we really think about some of the mix opportunities. So as we're looking at demand shaping off, the inflation of Cocoa, certainly, we have options across our portfolio in sweets, in salty, in parts of the portfolio that are less Cocoa intensive. And so those are some places that we focus. From a sourcing perspective, we are already doing work in that area for competitive reasons. We don't want to get into much detail in that area but we have options in terms of how we -- how we source that also help us to take advantage in price, basically generate sales.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's helpful. And just on Salty Snacks, you've announced the LesserEvil deal that would add a little bit to your scale. In the commentary after the Mars Kellanova deal was announced, the Mars CEO pointed to one of the benefits being diluting their exposure to Cocoa by adding a large Salty Snacks portfolio. That's from a company that also already has a pet food business. It would seem like some of that logic could apply to your case as well. Do you have sort of any scale ambitions, maybe almost for their own stake in salty or I know you laid out some of your M&A criteria at CAGNY that touched at least a little bit on that, but how do you think about just how that business might evolve?
Michele Buck: Sure. So this really goes back to back in 2017 when we laid out our vision to be a snacking powerhouse. And really what that was all about is how do we really leverage our core capabilities to maximize incremental -- get to incremental consumers and incremental snacking occasions. And we do that really by leveraging white spaces that we think are on trend with consumers. So we have a large chocolate business. We love our chocolate business and we want to continue to grow that. But we also know that if we get into white spaces like sweets, better-for-you and salty, it adds incremental consumers and occasions. So that's really the role and what it plays. Certainly, within that, as we've said, we're always looking for really great brands that we think can be sustainable and grow over time that are high margin and high growth. We feel really good that we have a good track record of finding those given the scale that we've achieved with SkinnyPop with Dot's. And we like that LesserEvil specifically is very focused on new benefits, ingredient focused snackers and it extends our reach with younger, more diverse demographics, especially young families, which opens up a whole new range of opportunity for us. So we see it being a better-for-you platform that can really be extended and scaled across categories and forms.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Megan Klapp with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Megan Klapp: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. I guess I wanted -- if we were to put tariffs aside, maybe a follow-up to Andrew's question earlier in 2026. I just maybe wanted to take your pulse on whether or not if we put tariffs aside, you would feel -- you would have felt better about the ability to grow EPS next year. And I guess I ask because in the prepared remarks, Cocoa is still high, but it has retreated and it doesn't seem like your stance on the outlook for Cocoa prices has changed at all. And then, Michelle, I think you did mention elasticities have been a lot better than the minus one you were assuming in the guide. So if we were to put tariffs aside, again, I know it's challenging and who knows what will happen, but I guess in the base business, do you feel better about the ability to grow earnings in the base business absent tariffs?
Steve Voskuil: It definitely feels better without tariffs. So I say that unequivocally. Do we still see a path though and feel a level of confidence about a path to earnings growth. If you take tariffs to the side with the base business, I think, yes, based on where Cocoa prices are today. And again, that's going to require some aggressive action that as Michelle said earlier, those actions are teed up. We'll talk more about that as we get further into the year. But from a base business standpoint, our view hasn't changed for '26 headwind.
Megan Klapp: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then maybe just a quick follow-up, the -- as it relates to tariffs, the $100 million that you cited unmitigated, does that assume that we -- for Cocoa in particular, does that assume we stay at that 10% paused tariff rate for -- some of the countries were a bit higher initially. So does it -- can you just clarify whether that would assume we stay at the 10% rate?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, it does.
Megan Klapp: Okay. Great. Thank you so much.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question. Steve, if I heard right, I think when you're answering Ken's question about tariffs, you noted that two-thirds of the exposure is Cocoa in Canada. And maybe just some color on the other areas where you would see impact and to what extent you think there could be, I guess, exemptions or whatnot for those types of items, because it sounded like the exemption discussion was more around Cocoa and perhaps Canada. Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, you bet. So we have other raw material import inputs that are imported aside from Cocoa. China for us is not huge, but China is still in that calculation as well. And so those are -- those by comparison to Cocoa in Canada are meaningful, but so much smaller. So I said, we're looking at exemptions everywhere we can, but focusing on the most impactful pieces first. But we do have raw materials that come from other countries as well that also still have some tariff impact. And they're not off the table from mitigation. It's just we're looking first for the biggest impacts.
Thomas Palmer: Great. Thanks for that. In Salty Snacks, there was a, in the prepared remarks, a note about a 5% to 6% volume headwind from fewer shipper days, excuse me, fewer shipping days and also a planned reduction in private label. I don't think that private label commentary had been in previous. So is this a new headwind to think about in 2025? And just any framing of the impact, just given the shipping date timing, it seems like this could be maybe approaching a mid-single-digit headwind at least in 1Q. Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: We do some private label manufacturing in the popcorn space, but it's sort of subject to what we're doing in SkinnyPop and the brand business. And so to the extent that business and it did for the first quarter, it continues to grow strongly. Then by design, we do less private label and redirect that manufacturing towards our branded products. So salty is part of the longer-term strategy as that business grows. So it's a headwind of a sort, but it's also a reflection of the core salty business growing.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Leah Jordan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Leah Jordan: Good morning. Thank you for fitting me in. I just wanted to ask about international as it came in ahead of your expectations. When we talked last quarter, it seemed like that competition was increasing in several regions and we had heard recently that not all players were passing along costs. So just seeing if you could provide an update on the competitive environment there and has anything notably changed?
Michele Buck: Yes, as we look at our business, certainly, we've seen strong growth on Reese's, which has been a key investment for us in those international markets. So we're seeing strength behind media activation and distribution wins in particular. And we also saw strong organic sales growth in Brazil where we were up double-digits behind a strong Easter and innovation. And the competitive environment there really did tend to normalize. So that was -- it's certainly still very competitive, but it normalized, it didn't get worse. And so I think that helped some of the strength that we've seen in some of the markets. And we also -- we also just performed really well. We had share gains in India, in Brazil and our Mexico spicy business.
Leah Jordan: Great. Thank you. And just one follow-up. In the prepared remarks, you also noted that you're not planning any buybacks for this year. I know it's very dynamic. We've talked about a number of things around tariffs and your mitigation efforts. But should the year play out better-than-expected and the tariff headwind goes away, what's your appetite for reengaging on buybacks versus other investments in the business as you think about capital allocation this year?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. I mean buybacks remains in our capital allocation philosophy. I'd say it's good because it puts tension on all of the other choices. So from a long-term capital allocation strategy, no change in terms of the role it plays. In the near-term, M&A is episodic. We have opportunities when they come up. It's not always that frequent. And so this year, we've put the focus on that. But going forward, as we look more broadly, long-term share repurchase will continue to play a role. And if I can go back just to mention Tom's question on private label, I said SkinnyPop capacity, but it's actually Dot's capacity in pretzels that we were talking about there. So my apologies.
Michele Buck: Yes, that's enabling a private label of deprioritization.
Steve Voskuil: That's right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about the efforts that you're making on reformulation and price pack architecture, which certainly seem interesting. Can you expand a bit, maybe give us an early -- some early insights on the evolution of your thinking over the past few months, what's worked, what hasn't? And perhaps maybe give some insight on where you think you can perhaps gain some advantages out of this maybe price pack architecture allows you to offer more value and drive some more consumption, maybe there's ingredient changes you can make to capitalize on new trends. And so really just looking for a bit more insight on successes you've seen and where you expect to press on reformulation and also just again from a more proactive perspective, how can this turn into a bit of an advantage for you potentially?
Michele Buck: Yes. So we have price pack architecture actually going into the market now. So we're continuing to work on more, but I don't want to give the impression that that hasn't been a lever that we've already pulled. I think one of the benefits of price pack architecture, as you mentioned is, it's not a direct price point increase, but rather, it's kind of a combination of sizing and price, which can tend to offer perhaps a better value perception for consumers. And so I think that's always an opportunity if done well and we always try and balance how much of our price realization should come from that lever versus a strike -- strike price increase. So that was really as part of our earlier August '24 pricing announcement that we did some PPA. We'll share more about our future plans on our full plans going forward. And as we think about, I guess, the competitive advantage component, the investments we've made in our supply chain really do enable us to have a lot of agility and flexibility, both in terms of being able to execute PPA, which involves sometimes the changes in packaging and being able to efficiently do that. And also lets us really look at the formulations to make sure that we're providing the highest quality products at the best cost possible. And so that would be a competitive advantage is using our R&D folks, our supply chain to make sure that we can really deliver those reformulations, get them in the market as quickly as possible and do them incredibly well to continue to satisfy consumer demand.
Christopher Carey: One quick follow-up would be just around the evolution of your thought process on mitigation tools. As you noted, there was probably a bit more of a focus on our RGM and other revenue growth management and other mitigating factors. But as Cocoa has lingered, how does -- how does pricing come into the equation? Has there been any evolution in your thinking of how large the sorts of tools that you'll need to kind of mitigate this over the next 18 months have become. So just any evolution of thought process there over the past few months would also be helpful. Thank you.
Michele Buck: So I guess I'd start by saying, from the very beginning, we have taken a holistic approach as evidenced by the transformation program that we put in place, which was really about attacking costs. So we did some of that already over these past couple of years. We did take pricing, but we also did take a measured approach to balance the short and the long-term. We didn't want to overprice if Cocoa were to take a massive retreat. But for us, it's never been a concern about an ability to price. So we've always had confidence in that. It's just kind of wanting to balance that short and long-term component at the top and bottom line across the P&L. And so we're encouraged that we've seen some retreat of Cocoa, but clearly, Cocoa hasn't retreated as much as we would all like. And so at this point, we're ready to activate even more of the levers that we've been doing work against and have had underway and we look forward to sharing more about that over the summer.
Christopher Carey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Marks with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Marks: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for fitting me in. The first question would be based on commentary, it obviously sounds like you're expecting Cocoa and prices to either remain status quo remain elevated. Let's say, for instance, Cocoa prices in the market do come down, whether it be next year or the year after, how would you think about reinvesting in the business to ensure a long-term health of the chocolate category?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. And so we will -- again, that's my dream come true, right, Cocoa prices come down sharply and that's the choices that we have. And so we always invest behind our brands and want to make sure that we're investing in capabilities, technology, the brands, relevant marketing and innovation. So that hasn't been curtailed in this environment. And certainly if we came out and when Cocoa falls, we'll revisit that to make sure we're doing our best to invest in those areas but they haven't been short changed here and then we'll have the opportunity to deploy cash back to shareholders we talked about earlier, have more opportunities for capital allocation. So that's how we're thinking about it. We look forward to having that opportunity.
Michele Buck: And even with the cost cutting we've done to date, we've done some of that with a lens of where can we get net savings, but at the same time be investing in technology and capability that let us emerge even stronger. So tools that let us be even more efficient in terms of how we're spending our investments in the business, in marketing and in trade, those types of things that both save money, but also give us kind of a longer-term benefit. So we look forward to those as well.
Steve Voskuil: All of that will allow us to emerge even stronger than we were when we came into the commodity pressures.
Scott Marks: Understood. And then second question for me. You've spoken a bit about some of the C-Store trends. Wondering if you can just share anything on maybe performance or trends you're seeing across other channels as it relates to your categories? Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say we're continuing to see a consumer focus on value that's showing up in areas like migration to club, certainly dollar continues to be really strong online because of the value that it offers. So depending on who the consumer is, all consumers looking for value, each of them in different ways that best suit their specific needs. But we haven't really seen a significant change in some of those channel trends aside from the ups and downs that we see in C-Store. I think take home overall as a segment has across the board been quite strong with mid-single-digit growth there.
Scott Marks: Got it. We'll pass it on. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bingqing Zhu with Redburn Atlantic. Please proceed with your question.
Bingqing Zhu: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have a question about the competitive landscape in the US chocolate. I think in the previous order of the quarter before, you mentioned the intensified competition from smaller player. Can you comment and provide more color on what you're seeing in terms of the competitive situation in the US chocolate, both from a smaller player, private label and maybe even some premium player there, please? Then I'll have a follow-up. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say we haven't seen significant change in the competitive landscape versus what we have been tracking throughout the year. We had expected some increased competition, certainly from the largest players in terms of innovation, we knew that there will be some of that coming, smaller players in private label have been softening a little bit in terms of the momentum in the marketplace. They're certainly still out there but in aggregate, there's been a little bit more internal sourcing across them. And then certain brands like Feastables and Tony's have been a bit more stable. But then again they're sourcing more amongst that set of smaller brands. So we continue to attract that over time. But overall no significant changes that I would really highlight.
Bingqing Zhu: Okay. Thank you. And then a follow-up, if I can come back to a pricing point please because your pricing in Q1, North America concession is 3%. That's lower than the market pricing. I think you called 8%. Obviously, you have the price pack architecture, but with the cocoa price pretty much blocked in 2025 and from what you said, elasticity is a bit better or in line with your expectation, do you see the possibility of having further pricing increase in the rest of the year to not only mitigate Cocoa inflation, but potentially some tariff impact? Thank you.
Michele Buck: So you will see pricing go up in Q2 and Q3 as more of our seasonal pricing and price pack architecture kicks in from announced pricing actions that we've already taken. Obviously, we can't talk about any future pricing intentions in advance. But I think we'll give you more color on both Cocoa and tariffs and our holistic plans as we get into the summer.
Bingqing Zhu: Yes, thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to management for any final comments.
Anoori Naughton: Thank you, everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to catching up with many of you throughout the day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2024 Question & Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Anoori Naughton, Senior Director of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Anoori Naughton: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company’s fourth quarter 2024 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre-recorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded remark. At the conclusion of today’s live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today’s Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements, including expectations and assumptions regarding the company’s future operations and financial performance, actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today’s press release and the company’s SEC file. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations for the GAAP results are included in this morning’s press release. Joining me today are Hershey’s Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey’s Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody. Michele, I know it’s clearly way too early to get overly prescriptive at this stage on ‘26, but in the prepared remarks, you do mention positioning the company for balanced top-and-bottom-line growth in ‘26. And I was really hoping you could just provide maybe just some context around this, such as, is growth doable in ’26 if cocoa remains at currently elevated levels? And if so, how do you feel about the ability to take more pricing in ‘26 to get there, even though we don’t yet have a good sense for how the incremental pricing will be received by consumers for this year? I’m really just trying to put some broader parameters around this and sort of what’s embedded in your comment about the potential for balanced growth in ‘26.
Michele Buck: Yes, got it. Hey, Steve, do you want to just take a crack at that one?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I’d be happy to. So, as implied, when we say balanced growth, we want to eventually get EPS back on algorithms. And so, as we look to ‘26, one of the benefits of a great hedging and commodity team is we’re not paying the market price. So, you always have the catch-up factor relative to commodity. But that said, just like for 2025, when we look at ‘26, we expect to use the full suite of levers we have to manage cocoa price. And that includes looking at pricing, that includes additional productivity and CI savings, that includes continuing to drive efficiency in SG&A, and even driving more return for the same dollars, in some case, on marketing spend. So, all of those things will be in the consideration set as we take a look at what we can do in 2026. We wouldn’t expect pricing to be easy. That probably would be a conversation we’d have to have and think about internally the impact, but still 80% of our portfolio is less than $4 on the confection side. And so, that would have to be one of the things we take a look at.
Andrew Lazar:
-- :
Michele Buck: Sure. So, it’s a little bit early for us to have the full visibility to those results. What I’d say is what we’re seeing is elasticity is coming in either on par with our expectations, and in some cases, slightly better. So, we are carefully watching that, obviously. We have a lot of confidence in our ability to price. And we strategically selected where we thought it was best to do that. And we certainly always take into account an expectation of where we think cocoa will be. And as we think it’s going to normalize, how we factor that into the pricing decision so that we are really balancing how aggressive we go. So, we will continue to monitor that, but feel good about what we’re seeing today.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. In your prepared remarks, you said you’re prepared to adjust pricing, price pack architecture, et cetera. If your view on commodity markets evolves -- I just wanted to get a little bit more color on what that necessarily means? Is that dependent on how you view underlying supply and demand, or is it really more dependent on, hey, just looking at the futures market and saying, okay, the prices are what they are, right or wrong? Just trying to get a sense of your timeline and how you think about when you might want to make that decision to adjust pricing, or make other decisions around formulations and so forth.
Michele Buck: So, Ken, we take both of those things into account. Let me start by talking a little bit about our view on the market. And then, I’m going to turn it over to Steve to talk a little bit about how we balance those factors. We continue to feel good about what we’re seeing in the market fundamentals. We’re continuing to see production increase with nearly half of the production today coming from areas outside of Ivory Coast and Ghana. We think that’s really healthy for the global cocoa supply over time. It’s going be much more diversified. And that diversification is going to provide an inherent resilience, just balancing weather factors and geopolitical factors, et cetera. We’re continuing to take actions in West Africa to continue to help drive resiliency. And as we diversify our impact, it’s going to look -- it’s looking different by market. We’ve made investments in West Africa. We will continue to do that. We’ve also diversified our supply sources. So, we’re watching those fundamentals. And certainly that is one factor for us. At the same time we know that fundamentals and market price aren't exactly aligned, and we certainly take that into account as well. Steve, you want to talk a little bit more about that?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I would just say at the same time that we're, you still see pricing in cocoa as transient right now, we're dealing with the reality on the ground, which is to say we're building plans for '26, we'll be watching the cocoa market in what's happening in reality, a lot through the first-half of the year, but not waiting even for that before setting plans, and again, kind of touching all parts of the P&L in the event we don't see that retrenchment so that we're ready to go for 2026, and as I said earlier, get back to an algorithm opportunity on EPS.
Michele Buck: The other thing we do watch is not only what's the price on the exchange, but what's actually happening to those prices in origin, and there is some differential there, and so we take that into account as well.
Ken Goldman: Understood. No, that's helpful. Thank you. And then, just a quick follow-up, I think you had answered Andrew's question about what you're seeing for elasticities today. It's great to hear that they're on par or maybe in some cases slightly better. Just curious, what is baked into your guidance? And if you said this, I missed it, but how are you thinking about elasticity as more pricing unfolds throughout this year?
Michele Buck: So, we've baked into our guidance historic elasticities at that minus one level. We'll watch those because we do think that depending on factors, there could be upside, but we think that is the prudent approach for us right now.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Max Gumport with BNP. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: Thanks very much. I have a follow-up question on elasticities and the minus one assumption. I mean, to me, it feels like this is the key unknown for '25, right? You've got cocoa costs largely locked in, pricing implemented, visibility to cost savings pretty clear. And so, could you just give a bit more color on what's informing the minus one and if that applies to your smaller international segment too, particularly in context of a competitor talking about an elasticity level in '25, that would be much more favorable. Thanks very much.
Michele Buck: So we do see upside if elasticities come in better. We, again, think that it is a prudent stance to take as we work through the volatile consumer marketplace and some of the pressures that we know exist for consumers. And we have also considered greater elasticities in international in the outlook. We are not the market leader in many of those markets, so not always leading those price increases. So, we take a different stance relative to our approach there. I mean, it's a smaller piece of our business, obviously, so it doesn't have nearly as big of an impact, but we do look at it differently.
Max Gumport: Right. Great. Thanks very much. And then, staying on international, realize that it is a smaller segment, but you had a very strong 4Q with broad-based strengths across your markets. So, the commentary of low single-digit growth was heightened competitive activity in '25 stood out to me. Can you talk a bit more about what the competitive activity is you're seeing in those markets where it's more pronounced and how you expect to manage through it? Thanks very much.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, the 4Q was strong. They were helped a little bit by a favorable lap, and we also have some big Black Friday performance in a couple of markets where that was a big holiday. So, strong performance there. When you look at the totality of last year, the business was up about a point. So, I'm more on balance. The '25 outlook doesn't look as different. We saw, I would say, the highest competitive activity in Brazil and Mexico. Brazil in particular was very intense, a lot of promotion. We had a lot of innovation in those markets, and that helped, certainly in the fourth quarter. But again, as we look kind of at the totality of 2025, we expect to see that competition increase, and that's really what's informing the growth there.
Max Gumport: Thanks very much.
Steve Voskuil: Thanks, Max.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. Steve, I think I'll just ask about phasing. Do you expect your gross margin pressure to be pretty even throughout the quarters? Or in fourth quarter, are you fully covered for fourth quarter, or will there be like another hit in fourth quarter when hedges roll over?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. So, for the full-year, we're nearly completely covered on cocoa. And so, we don't expect a big hit, maybe kind of a new hit from the outlook in the fourth quarter. If you look at the split of gross margin, we're going to have less gross margin pressure in the first-half, where cocoa will be based on our hedging less, probably in the neighborhood of under 500 basis points. And as we get to the back-half, we'll see more impact. Those hedge positions are going to be higher priced just based on the flow of cocoa. So, definitely more in the back-half than the first-half.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And just a quick follow-up for Michele; Michele, are you seeing your competitors take similar actions on pricing? You've been very strategic about where you're going to take it. It doesn't sound like you're taking it in instant consumables yet. Have you seen similar actions, or are there some discrepancies out there?
Michele Buck: I guess, I'd say overall, I think the category is very rational. And we have seen most major players taking pricing, including private label, which has also taken pretty aggressive pricing as well. I'd say that pricing has probably been a bit more broad-based, though people tend to cycle through parts of their portfolio as they see appropriate. And price 60% at one time and then go to the next piece. We know that we've tried to be just considerate of pressure in certain channels, but nothing is off the table for us. We are continuously evaluating the entire portfolio.
Robert Moskow: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Okay, so first of all, can I just ask, on the sales outlook for 2025, it's obviously fairly muted compared to the strong performance this time around. Is that mainly due to the conservative price elasticity assumption, or are there other puts and takes in there?
Michele Buck: So, I'd say a couple of things. International is a bit more pressured than we would normally see in our growth algorithm. So, that certainly played a role. We're certainly taking into account the volatility in the marketplace. We do anticipate that our consumption will be a bit stronger than shipments due primarily to retailer inventory in North America confection. And so, that's playing a role as well. In addition, one fewer shipping day. And we do have some commercial activations that are really coming into play closer to the back-half of the year, but those are the key components.
Alexia Howard: Follow-up, can I come back to the topic, or not on this call, to the topic of GLP-1s, which have come up in the past? Are you seeing any material impact at the moment? How are you measuring it? And what's the strategy here as that plays out over time? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, we are seeing no material impacts. We are continuously looking externally to get and evaluate data. We have triangulated both external and internal evidence, including some of the most recent studies, like the recent Cornell Enumerator studies, and they tend to validate our internal views. We have multiple data sources that also support our view that users of the drugs do not eat disproportionately less of our categories. We do know that there's a broader shift in consumer preference for healthier items that has been underway for some time, items that have nutritional claims around low sugar and other things. And we will continue to evolve our portfolio as we continue to track what's important to consumers.
Steve Voskuil: Next question.
Michele Buck: Hello.
Steve Voskuil: Operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo: Hey, good morning, Michele and Steve. Thanks for the questions. Steve, maybe just a follow-up on phasing on top line, I know you gave color on 1Q and 2Q in the prepared remarks, but I think there was a comment you just actually just made to Alexei's question around the back-half of the year, 4Q, maybe has one less day. Just want to make sure we have all the moving parts on top line as we think about bridging to the 2% given there's some wonkiness in the comps.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, one quarter, the first quarter has two fewer shipping days, fourth quarter has one. And so, they have one extra. So, net-net, you're one day short for the full-year. Again, pretty minor between those two, between first-half and second-half. But over on the second-half, we'd expect a low single-digit growth.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Helpful. And then, Michele, maybe if I could switch gears, there's commentary about being able to participate in the downside of cocoa markets do fall given your risk caps. You spoke a little bit about, I believe, off exchange mechanisms. You're seeing some of the competitors are doing. There's been some reporting about maybe your own activities that have been outside of the norm. So, just wanted to get a deeper understanding of kind of what you're seeing from that perspective, what instruments you're seeing yourselves and your competitors using, and maybe if you can also comment just on your own activity that's maybe been outside the norm. Thanks very much.
Michele Buck: So, right now, we are seeing very low commercial participation on the exchange. And yes, we have been looking at alternatives and options of how we approach our cocoa supply chain. Our focus is really, there has been an opportunity to get lower prices in origin versus on the exchange. And we're trying to be very opportunistic about how we approach this whole area and take advantage of the market dislocations in a place that we see that we can come in a bit differently. Steve, anything you would add to that?
Steve Voskuil: No, I think we won't get more specific on the types of instruments, but market dislocations sometimes present opportunities. And so, we want to make sure we're looking everywhere we can for opportunities.
Peter Galbo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Todd Palmer with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question. Maybe just starting out, we could circle back to the elasticity assumption. I just want to make sure I have kind of the starting point, right, when you talk about minus one, it would be without pricing, I guess, what level of growth, roughly, do you assume as a starting point and then the elasticity starts to trigger? And I guess when we think about this coming year, is it different as a starting point than maybe you would have in your long-term algorithm or relatively normal?
Michele Buck: So I would say it is -- it's largely similar to how we approach it. I mean, we always say we look at the impact of pricing and there is a volume conversion curve that you go on once you price. And then, we build back up from there relative to the programming that we have to unlock growth and consumption on the brand. We do that on a pack-by-pack and a retailer-by-retailer, brand-by-brand. And that's really what helps to get us to what that number looks like. So, that's how we derive it. The Long Easter helps us this year as somewhat of a starting point, but those programs that we add on top allow us to get better than that minus one.
Todd Palmer: Understood. Thanks for that. And then, just in the prepared remarks, there was reference to a timing benefit in the fourth quarter related to inventory valuation. Just any help quantifying this? And then what drove this and whether this has any impact on 2025 at all?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, the impact was about $40 million. And it's really related to our new ERP system, which has a much finer allocation of cost between inventory and the P&L based on what we sell. And so, it's sort of a better system. With that system and that precision comes a little bit more variability. So, as we go through the quarters we may see a little bit more of that movement than we had in the past. But it's not going to be material and I wouldn't -- we're not setting our models differently based on that.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jim Salera with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Salera: Yes. Thanks for taking our question. Michele, in the prepared remarks, you called out acceleration on the suites portfolio and some successes with the Shaq-a-licious Gummies and Jolly Rancher. Just in thinking about the drivers of potential upside on the portfolio, can you maybe talk about innovation on the non-chocolate portion of the portfolio and how that'll play into some of the advertising efforts you have rolling out this year.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So, as you know, in Q3, we launched in the marketplace a lot of new innovation, including Jolly Rancher innovation, heightened support, Shaq-a-licious Gummies, and then in Q4, we actually purchased Sour Strips. So, all of those things on sweets were new as of kind of mid to late Q3 into the balance of the year. So, as you look at the year of '25, we're going to get a carryover benefit, a pretty strong carryover benefit from those items. In addition to that, we have also recently launched JR Freeze Dried and that's hit the marketplace. So, that is new news on innovation and sweets for this year. We have new news coming later this year that we haven't yet announced. And then, we obviously have distribution and velocity opportunities on Sour Strips as well. So, we have a continued -- nice lineup of continued news and opportunity on sweets as we enter the year and go through the year.
Jim Salera: Great, and then when you have your conversations with retail partners on expanding the sweet selection, is that often incremental space that you didn't have before or is it kind of swapping pieces of the chocolate for sweets, especially in like the immediate consumption occasion, cash wrap and the written out there?
Michele Buck: Yes, so we under index in sweets, we are underdeveloped. So, for us, it is an opportunity to be gaining incremental distribution, incremental consumer occasion. So, we do look at that as helping us in that way. It also helps us with our seasons portfolio, where we're already quite strong, but being able to get some of these innovative sweets components into season is a new opportunity there as well.
Jim Salera: Great. I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Leah Jordan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Leah Jordan: Good morning, thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the market share declines in everyday chocolate that you noted in the prepared remarks. First curious how that trended versus last quarter and throughout the quarter. And then as you think about potential drivers for improvement going forward, how much do you think is dependent on an improvement just in the cyclical impulse in the C-store channel versus the need to drive bigger innovation like you're planning because competition and newness has just been intensified from smaller players?
Michele Buck: Sure. So, I'd say every day is getting better. We have significant improvement with sweets and we've also seen significant improvement in take home. Some of those improvements were driven by strength in the category. And certainly as we lapped some of the retailer specific pressures that we had the prior year and that we lapped through those and got back to a normalized position relative to distribution and merch, that was very helpful. Innovation is an important lever and we are looking across each of our pack types to make sure that we've got that right innovation as there is increased competition for shelf space, having the right innovation within each pack type is incredibly important. So, we have dialed up some of the innovation levels and take home this year. And we think that that will result in TDPs and growth. Next year, really the share outlook is driven by continued acceleration in sweets, continued strength in seasons and improvement in every day. We do have the biggest innovation that we have had ever on Reese coming to the marketplace, and so, more news to come on that later this year, and we'll continue to work with our commercial partners to improve trends in the instant consumable business. That's an area of the portfolio that is driven by some of these macro pressures and the consumer pressure, particularly in convenience store class of trade. There's a little bit of downward category pressure there. We see more momentum and upside on the other areas, but we continue to focus on share there as well.
Leah Jordan: That's very helpful. Thank you. And maybe just following up on that C-store discussion, it sounded like last quarter, you were going to invest more in variety brands and lean into your gold standard planogram. So, it sounded like the channel's still soft, but are you starting to see any improvement as you kind of implement those plans?
Michele Buck: So, we have seen improvement on our variety portfolio. We saw improvements by about three points in our trends from Q3 to Q4. They are still pressured, but we are seeing some significant improvements and we are in the process of ramping up that gold standard. So, that takes some time to implement. So, you sell it in. It does require a reset by the retailers. So, we are continuing to monitor that, but I have a lot of confidence based on the places where we've tested that. It has provided 2X the impact as the old planogram. So, we're confident in those lifts and we'll continue to see those hit the marketplace as we progress through the year. More of that upside will come closer to mid-year into the second-half.
Leah Jordan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: You mentioned in your prepared remarks, you're seeing coco end-users adapting through reformulation. Could you maybe touch on what exactly you're seeing there and if you are reformulating yourselves as well?
Steve Voskuil: So, we have over the last several years always looking at where there may be some opportunities on formulation, but it's critically important we maintain the taste profile and the specialness of our iconic brands. And so, it's a place we look at, we test, and in some parts of our portfolio, over time we've made some changes. We'll continue to look in that space. And I would say in all the changes that we've made thus far, there has been no consumer impact whatsoever, as you can imagine, even on the smallest brand in the portfolio if we were to make a change as extensive as consumer testing. So, it's an area we look at, but we definitely want to make sure that we're focused on the consumer.
Michele Buck: We have been seeing some increased global demand across the market for cocoa alternatives. So, we are seeing some folks who are pressured, who perhaps have the opportunity to switch to cocoa butter alternatives. Obviously, we do that where possible, but we're pretty precious about the brands and what they stand for with consumers. But that does exactly --
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's helpful.
Michele Buck: Yes, it does create some demand destruction in the market as we see others just do that.
Michael Lavery: Okay, got it. And you touched on something I don't think you've mentioned before, which is the potential for cellular agriculture being a long-term solution. How far on the horizon, how far off is that? Is that something to kind of consider as a potential substitute? How should we just think about what role of any of that may play over the next, say few years?
Michele Buck: It's something we're watching very closely. I don't think it is necessarily near-term, but I think it can be a game changer and it's certainly getting a lot of investment right now. So, I think it's something to watch.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Carey: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just first, Steve, the implied gross margin for Q1, I think it's like 41% and maybe roughly 35% for the remainder of the year. Is it fair to assume that the core differential there is cocoa inflation or are there other considerations that we should be thinking about?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, we'll be -- for the first-half, we'll be down less than 500 basis points, more than that, like we talked about earlier in the second-half. And yes, to answer your question, cocoa's really the biggest component of the inflation in the other areas, some of the other commodities, but also labor, warehousing, and so forth. Those things are more evenly paced over the year.
Chris Carey: Okay. Okay, great. And then, Michele, obviously you're announced plans to transition out of your role, which is exciting. Can you maybe provide any more color or just context on the search process, timing, and the sorts of capabilities that you would be looking for as an organization? Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Sure. So, we've had a framework for long-term succession in place always, as companies always do. Now that I have announced a firm date for my retirement, the search practice, or the search process is actively underway, and that is appropriate. Yes, we will conduct a very robust search process led by a search committee on the board. Certainly, we will be recognizing and paying attention to the fast-evolving industry and world that we are all living in and experiencing today, and being very selective to bring on board somebody who has the right skills, experience, qualifications, and people focus to allow us to win during this environment. So, I'm confident we will find the right successor, and I'm working closely with the board on that to ensure the right selection and a seamless transition. But I am absolutely 100% leader-focused in the interim on delivering this '25 plan, continuing to execute our transformation, and making sure I'm positioning the company for our next phase of growth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great, thanks so much. I get to around '26, maybe it's a question more for Steve. Michele, you can chime in. I guess the, sort of what I'm hearing today is hopefully the price of coco comes down. Maybe mid-crop comes in okay, supply-demand dynamics start to settle, maybe demand weakens a little bit, so it kind of pulls it down. And I think the direct comment or the line in the prepared remarks, right, that hopefully as you get to '26, you can get a kind of more balanced top and bottom line growth. But then Steve, I kind of heard you also kind of mention on Algo. So, I'm just trying to gauge a little bit better of like how you kind of feel out '26, right? Is it like, yes, clearly if coco comes down a bunch, then our earnings can go up a bunch. If it comes down some, then really what we're hoping for is more on Algo growth, right? Because once you have a year, like this year such that absolute earnings are so far down to me kind of a core question is, okay, we could be back on Algo growth, but is there kind of a scenario that has some decent probability around it such that you could be like way above on Algo growth and kind of try to get back more of those absolute earnings. That's all I have. Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes, so we see a path, even at these coco prices to EPS growth for '26, again, on the back of some aggressive actions that we talked about earlier that we're framing for execution, depending on what we see, particularly in the first-half of this year. And then, I think there's an opportunity for outside growth. We get some help from coco and we see coco start to backtrack. So, those are kind of our operating assumptions. That's what we mean when we say on Algo, or when we say that we want to see balanced growth for next year. That's what we're shooting for.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, okay. And then, makes sense. And then, I guess just quickly while I fully respect that you, I don't think, ever talk about your hedging practices, is it fair to assume that kind of like where coco sits today, right, that maybe you kind of give it a little bit more time before you start to really actively hedge '26? And I think you kind of vaguely touched on that, right? We'll see kind of how it plays out. But if you do think it comes down, like my assumption would be you kind of wait a bit before you start to hedge.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, we can't comment too much on the timing of the plan for '26 hedging for competitive reasons, but we've got a great team. They're very close to what's happening in the coco markets and what's happening on exchange, off exchange and other innovative solutions. And so, we're going to continue to take advantage of that. We've got the best coco traders out there working this. So, we're going to leave it in their hands and we'll get more information as the year progresses.
Rob Dickerson: All right, super. See you in Florida. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Michele --
Michele Buck: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. I wanted to come back to Alexia's question on the U.S. chocolate category specifically. And in 2024, volume was down about 5%. And that was a little bit worse than 2023, even though pricing in 2024 was about half the magnitude. And it sounds as though the GLP-1s are not a big driver, but that health and wellness may still be having some impact, I guess, independently. So, how would you bucket the factors driving chocolate declines at this point between health and wellness? Any shift into non-chocolate confection versus savory snacks, or maybe just outright demand destruction from prices? It feels like there’s a lot going on simultaneously.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, I’d say there is a lot going on. So, I would start and say, if I think about the broad confection category, first of all, sweets has really been a high growth area. So, there’s been some mix that’s been evolving there. Sweets delivers on a different palate experience. Sweets has a value component to it. So, that’s been one factor impacting the overall category and certainly having an impact on chocolate. And that’s been in place for a while. That’s been a longer trend, but continues to be there. I think we are seeing a lot of channel evolution. So, there’s been some pressure in some of the primary channels where a lot of chocolate is sold in areas like convenience. And then, there’s been some growth in some of the unmeasured channels that have traditionally not been as strong across mainstream chocolate. And so, we’re shifting our focuses to really accommodate that. And the overall category growth is really strong in those places. And that’s an opportunity for us and also, I think, for the category. I think the consumer focus on health and wellness is also a continuation. I don’t see it as a massive change. And certainly, we’re seeing really nice growth on our zero sugar line of products and also our protein line of products. Both of which we put a heightened focus on growing. And we see a lot of opportunity on those going forward.
John Baumgartner: Thanks, Michele.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask you about maybe some big picture growth bucket questions. I mean, primarily I’m curious about seasons, and how you’re thinking about that this year. It’s been a great area for growth. Some tough comparisons maybe have been lapped at this point from COVID. I’m wondering how you’re sort of budgeting and forecasting seasons as a grower this year. And then, if there’s any other commentary from a channel perspective about how you’re thinking this year might play out? Convenience stores also had sort of a post-COVID lack of recovery that I think was notable. And, I’m wondering how you’re thinking about that channel and any other insights. Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, we’re expecting strength in seasons this year. We’ve been pretty consistently doing very well during seasons. I think there’s a very strong emotional component with consumers that makes them want to participate in seasons regardless of what might be going on in the macro environment. And they love their brands that have been part of their traditions and rituals over the years with their families. This year, Easter is advantaged being the late Easter. So, that elongates the season. And we expect strong growth. We expect to gain share there. And we also continue to believe that we’ll do well in the other seasons. As you know, performance in the prior year in a season helps to set up success in the following year. And we feel good about what we delivered. It’s the seasons this year that give us a good foundation as well going into 2025.
David Palmer: Any comment on convenience as a channel? Do you think that that’ll be in line with your forecast broadly, or what’s your thoughts there?
Michele Buck: Yes. I think that convenience will absolutely be in line with our forecast. We are continuing to forecast some pressure in that channel until we see it stabilize more. So, we’ll lap some parts of that pressure. So, that will be a help, lapping it about the summer timeframe. So, continued softness until we see that lap.
David Palmer: That makes sense. Thanks very much.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude our question-and-answer session. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Hershey Company Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Q&A session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Anoori Naughton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Anoori Naughton: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Hershey Company's third quarter 2024 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to the prerecorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements, including expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC fillings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations for the GAAP results are included in today's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning and thank you. I wanted to ask a couple of questions around the comment regarding top line being roughly on Algo for next year. The first question is Street is looking for a pretty decent step-up in your realized price for next year. I wanted to make sure that's the right way to think it? And then the second question is, is it reasonable for us to assume that your guidance will factor typical or historical one-for-one elasticity on certain products that you've mentioned in the past? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Steve, do you want to take that?
Steven Voskuil: Sure. On the reference to the algorithm, we're talking about our long-term algorithm. So that's two to four on the top. So that's the reference point that we're looking to. In terms of realized price, all-in, we'd expect pricing next year to year to look a lot like this year. As the price increases, we took this flow through. Obviously, we'll work to make sure we're competitive. And work with retailers to make sure we get good execution of that. And then from an elasticity standpoint, we expect historical elasticity, which is what we've seen as we progressed further through this year.
Ken Goldman: Got it. I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Steven Voskuil: You bet. Thanks, Ken.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks. Good morning, Michele and Steve.
Michele Buck: Good morning
Steven Voskuil: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I guess, I want to put all things cocoa sort of aside for the moment and focus again on core underlying trends. What would you expect core, I guess, chocolate market share trends to look like as you exit this year? Can market share get back to stable? Or do you think it takes maybe more into the first half of next year? And what should we be looking for in the data, I guess, as we move through the fourth quarter? And I ask because, obviously, if we're supposed to be looking through the anomalous cocoa cost inflation in '25 to potentially a year of maybe outsized growth in '26 as costs normalize. It's really this underlying share trends that obviously are most important. And in core chocolate, we're going on, I think, like 2 years of some share weakness. So that's really what I'm trying to get at. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Absolutely. Thanks, Andrew. Yes, let me step back and talk a little bit about category and market share trends. So first of all, we continue to feel really good about the category resiliency that we've seen consistently growing about -- around that 2% range, which is what it's been historically and continuing to outpace other snack categories. So we think that's a really good starting point for us. We do see us ending the year with greater momentum than we have had particularly if we look at some of the green shoots that we called out in the script relative to sweets and the acceleration that, that innovation that we launched in the marketplace is really taking hold, driving takeaway and also increasing share with each 4-week period that goes by, we had a great Halloween and expect that we will have one share in Halloween. SkinnyPop, certainly, we called for a reversal in trend. We've seen that in the past 4 weeks. Innovation remains strong. And then we have a few labs that we are starting to get into that period that lessens the pressure that we're facing. We had spoken before about reductions in merge the key retailers. Last 12 weeks, we've seen over 2% growth there. So, as we look forward, we feel good about a lot of those things, combined with as we get into next year, a longer Easter other headwinds that are bit less relative to SNAP, Mexico drinks and some of the retailer inventory issues. So, I would say it's going to be, I would say, a gradual improvement that we do think will build both in terms of dollars and percent. And probably the piece of the portfolio that will remain under pressure will be instant consumable because convenience stores, we really saw some of the pressure in that channel start midyear. So we think it will take us through the first half to get through that. The other pieces of the portfolio we're expecting to continue to see recovery.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thank you. And then real quick, just a new head of North America Confectionery. And maybe just a little bit about what you see him bringing to the table and where strategy could well change or is it more a continuation with just more sort of energy around it. Just trying to get a better sense for that. Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So obviously, Mike is a really strong exec coming to us from PepsiCo. Several things that I think he will bring, number one, always appreciate external perspective and always a good chance to relook what we're doing well, where we can continue to be better. Secondly, he has a very deep and rich background of being incredibly close to customers and retail. And I think that he will significantly that up even further as we go forward into the future to unlock new growth and continue to evolve our portfolio to those channels where consumers are migrating to.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Galbo with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Galbo : Hey, Michele, Steve, good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Steve Voskuil : Good morning.
Michele Buck : Good morning.
Peter Galbo : Steve, in your prepared remarks, you did give a bit of insight on 2025 inflation and that rate expecting to be more of a headwind versus what it was in 2024. But just wondering if you could elaborate. I think your guidance for this year is high single-digit COGS inflation. And so when we think about more for next year, is that a low double-digit number, low teens, mid-teens? Just anything else more you can give us to kind of help as we think about modeling.
Steve Voskuil : Yes. Not surprising me the biggest piece is going to be Cocoa. And the year-over-year move will be significant. You look at the rates that we've been paying for Cocoa this year, we set that back when we set our guidance in February. And so said back then, we're well hedged for 2024. So the cocoa prices we've been paying this year reflect getting into the market really from earlier this year in preceding. So now you flash ahead to current pricing and you look at pricing for next year, it's a pretty significant step up. And it's not just the cocoa side. The cocoa beans of course, the biggest piece, but there's also cocoa butter, coco liquor and some of the other physical derivatives of cocoa that will be inside that inflation. And so we'll get into a lot more detail on that when we come back in the fourth quarter. But that will be the biggest source of inflation clearly. I expect we'll see some labor inflation that we'll probably see some other inflation in specialty ingredients and things like that. And alongside that, we'll be talking about our plans for productivity and so forth to chip away at some of that inflation, but cocoa and sugar probably are going to be the two biggest pieces.
Peter Galbo: Got it. Okay. No, that's helpful. We'll wait for February for more detail there. And then if I can just ask on the gross margin actually in the quarter. It seemed like it maybe came in below not only just Street, but maybe your own internal expectations. And -- just kind of what drove the variance? Is the deleverage piece from volume more than you expected? Is it more mix? Just can help us understand what happened there? Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil : Sure. It was below what we were expecting just as we said we're disappointed on the top line, disappointed by the margin performance as well. The biggest piece was the sales flow through and in fact, the sales were down and then the mix of sales, we talked about C-store, for example. So there was some negative mix inside the sales delivery that had an impact on gross margin. And then as you mentioned, we also had some volume deleverage when we have that big of an impact in the quarter. So between the sales flow through the mix and the deleverage, those are really the biggest pieces that drove that disappointment.
Peter Galbo: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Michele Buck : Alexia?
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. Can you hear me okay?
Michele Buck : Now we can. Yes.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Perfect. Can you bring up the topic of the GLP-1 drugs? There seem to be a few data sources now. Obviously, it's early days that are suggesting that maybe mid single-digit percentage of U.S. adults absolutely higher are currently using these. That was a little faster than we expected them to be adopted this time last year. Can I ask how you're going about exploring what these patients need? How to respond to that whether you're seeing any impact on the chocolate sales at the moment and what the path forward is on that? And then I have a follow-up.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we would say we're seeing a mild year-on-year impact, I'd say, consistent with what I think we've shared before in line with what we would expect, which I would say is more a gradual impact. We've continued to see multiple sources of data validating that the consumers on those drugs are eating disproportionately less our categories. I know there's been some mix data, but we've seen a lot on that. So it's in line with what we expect, and we are carefully monitoring that behavior, how it's evolving and certainly understanding what the needs are of those consumers so that as we continue to evolve our portfolio, which we're always doing over time, that are evolving it in a way to make sure that we have the right offerings for those consumers as well.
Alexia Howard: Many thanks. And then a quick follow-up. You mentioned an increase in competitive activity in the international segment from global competitors confectionary. Can you elaborate on that? Is that pricing competition? Or is there something else going on? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Yes. A lot of it has been pricing competition where certain competitors have chosen to really deal back somewhat deeply on price point. And that's in some of the markets where we tend to be a smaller player. Yes, and it's a smaller market for us, but it's been intense in those markets where it has occurred.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. We've had pockets of strength. The UK, Europe winning with Reese's, and I think we're really pleased with the progress, but particularly in Mexico and Brazil, we've seen higher levels of competition, some of which has been price related.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. I guess two questions. I don't think I heard you, Michelle, if you felt like 2026 can be an above algo year. I know a competitor of yours is really calling that out based on what they think cocoa costs will do. So maybe you can give more specifics on how you think that works? And then I also wanted to make sure I understand the comment from Steve on pricing. I think you said it's going to look a lot like pricing in 2025 will look like 2024, but you have a high single-digit price increase on chocolate. So if it looks like before that just looks lower than what I would expect. So maybe I'm wrong there. But can you give more clarity?
Michele Buck: Yes. So I'll hit the 2026. So we do feel good that can be on algorithm if cocoa is stable and if cocoa prices really declined, there could be some outsized growth possible, certainly. So we're watching the cocoa price carefully, but we are feeling good based on what we believe and see that we would be on algorithm or have some upside.
Steve Voskuil: And on the pricing side, I think the piece is we've taken pricing on about half of our chocolate pounds. And so when you factor that in, it ends up netting out to low mid single-digit pricing in total. And that's why I say it's largely similar to what we saw this year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to understand how you're thinking about marketing spending. Your advertising spending was down slightly, but of course, so were sales. And it wasn't down quite as much as sales. So -- on a percent basis, obviously, even in this quarter, that's held up. But you've obviously got a cost-pressured environment is marketing, one of the ways you can have some flexibility with the bottom line? Or how do you think about just protecting that or really trying to protect share as well given the price increases?
Michele Buck: I'll share some thoughts and I'll ask Steve to as well. So clearly, we continue to believe in the importance of investing in our brands. We think that's also really important in an environment where prices are where they are. That said, we have really good marketing mix models. We continually look at generating higher ROIs each year. We hold ourselves to that standard. We are also always looking at things like new media agency RFPs that can drive meaningful productivity. We do have that as we approach 2025. So we're trying to be very thoughtful about investing where we think it makes sense. Strategically, there's an area next year that we really want to focus on in terms of incremental investment in our variety brands to really bolster the instant consumable business. Steve, other things you want to add there?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I would just say Q3, we index a little bit to sales on the way media hits P&L. So there's some impact there. No pullback in terms of supporting our brands. And as we look to next year, our top priorities are going to be driving top line, driving share, driving consumption and we're going to leverage media as one [indiscernible]. And that's not to say we don't want efficiency. As Michele said, we're looking to new agency that will drive some efficiency. We're bringing new tools to bear to make sure that we're allocating that money wisely, but we're absolutely not pulling back.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on your inventory comments at tighter inventories you had called out as impacting the outlook. Coming into the quarter, you had pointed to a second half inventory restocking that would have been fourth you skewed, I believe, even maybe kind of a four or five-point lift in lease confections in 4Q. I don't know how specific you can be, but it sounds like that's not coming through as expected. Can you just give us a sense of maybe how much of the guidance cut is from an inventory reset that isn't materializing the way you had initially expected?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, we still expect in the fourth quarter to see a mid-single digit. If I kind of say all shipping timing impacts, it's still going to be pretty significant in the fourth quarter. If I take a look at full year guidance, the impact of all of these inventory moves is probably about a 0.5 point drag on the adjustment that we made. Just to give some perspective. And I think we acknowledge this is a noisy quarter with lots of -- between lapping S4 in the case of ALD [ph] and timing and the way retailers have laid out seasons have lots of factors. So -- but when you look across all of it, the biggest piece is 0.5 point. We expect to see less of that all in 2025. It should be a lot cleaner conversation.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Palmer: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Tom Palmer: I know it's still early for a full 2025 outlook. But I wanted to just get maybe more specific on a couple of items you noted for 2025. Just any help on the incentive comp, how much that's tracking below this year? And then second, you have multiyear plans for productivity and cost savings you've laid out. To what extent might you be able to flex these a bit higher in 2025 versus what the plan was for 2024?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Sure. We can take that. The comp reset, we'll talk more about that when we get to the fourth quarter. So we're still -- excuse when we talk about fourth earnings, we're still working through this year. But obviously, with the performance this year, you can imagine the incentive comp is going to be -- need to be reset next year back to target levels. And again, we'll give more color on that. But it's a meaningful year-over-year impact. On the productivity, absolutely. We have a great history of driving productivity here before. We talked about things like the AAA program, which are incremental, just our base level of CI is something we try to push up every year. The teams are working hard to do that to continue that trajectory. And then we'll continue to look even within the bounds of the AAA program, what more can we do to help offset some of the inflation. I'd say it's going to be tough. The teams are working on it. The savings that we share as a net savings, so it takes into account some level of reinvestment. But we will definitely be looking to drive as much savings as we can for next year.
Tom Palmer: Right. Thanks for that color. Just a quick one on cocoa. The prepared remarks indicated, it would be inflationary throughout the year. Are there periods we should be thinking about next year where we will see that rate of inflation more significant than others?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I would say that's hard to call right now, just because we're still getting through this year and cocoa has been so volatile. We'll try to give more of that color when we do talk about full guidance for next year to give a little bit of prospect fact. By then, we'll have a pretty good picture price some of those year-over-year movements.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: Hi. Thanks for the question. Just going back to cost savings for next year. It feels like what we know now, there could be $140 million or so coming from the productivity program benefiting COGS, and then maybe $40 million or so benefiting COGS in the AAA program, so call it $180 in total. One, do I have that right? And then two, your remarks about it being your teams are working, but it will be tough to get after those savings. Are there incremental savings above and beyond those two buckets? Or should we really be thinking about $180 million or so being the number for 2025? Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I don't want to give -- pin down exactly how that's going to allocate. The $130 million to $140 million in CI is typically targeted at the operating supply chain area. So I'll say, tick the box correct on that. We'll give more details on the split of AAA when we give our guidance for the fourth quarter. It's a mix, as we talked about before, there is clearly a COGS component, and there's a pretty significant SG&A corporate expense component as well, and we'll give more detail on that breakout when we get there. And what was the second question you had? Was that it?
Max Gumport: That was really -- that was helpful.
Steve Voskuil: Okay, fine.
Max Gumport: But I will ask a second question, which is on -- going back to Alexia's question on GLP-1. And I think you talked about seeing a mild impact. Really I'm curious if you could put a finer point on what type of impact you're actually seeing. And then, related to that is, I think we're all of the mind that much of the snappiness we're seeing right now is due to the consumer feeling financial pressure which you talked about in your prepared remarks. But I'm curious if think there is a meaningful portion of the snacking weakness right now that is due to category level shifts related to GLP-1, particularly as we see some of these higher protein categories even within snacking, such as meat snacks doing better than others? Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Michele Buck: Yeah. All the analysis that we have done has continued to show that the year-on-year impact is not significant and that the pressure in the snacking categories are really driven by the consumers feeling pressured financially. So, every piece of data that we've seen has really indicated that. And then, of course, on some elements of our business, some opportunities for us to be executing better. So that's really what our data has shown.
Max Gumport: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
David Palmer: Thanks. I'm wondering, if maybe at the end of this call, obviously, we're all going to have to take a crack at earnings for 2025. And I'm wondering, if maybe we could put some brackets around how you're thinking -- how you would think right now, given some base case assumptions, some of the things you're talking about, the reset incentive compensation, that 2% to 4% top line cohort cost realities today. Is it safe to say we'd be thinking something like a double-digit earnings decrease for 2025? How can we maybe think about that further?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I mean, we'd love, David, to give more precision around what that range would look like. I think, the challenge, and you kind of said it in the question is the cocoa reality today is evolving. And so it's very hard to kind of give guidance on the total until we get more visibility or full visibility, let's say, into what that impact is going to be next year. We've talked about some of the headwinds from our tax normalization and incentive normalization. Clearly, there's going to be a significant year-over-year impact to cocoa, but exactly what it is, we're just not in a position yet to share it.
David Palmer: Okay. Understood on that. And just one question on the top line, you went through in the prepared remarks, a great reminder about the long-term growth of 15-year growth in the confectionery category. And not only that, but Hershey has done a great job in terms of market share growth and had big areas of growth and outsized growth from things like Seasons, the Reese's Power brand I'm wondering how you're thinking about the sort of the shape of your growth and the contributors of growth maybe those outsized areas of growth as you're going forward? Whether that be non-chocolate confectionery, which has been outperforming chocolate recently, maybe channel, how are you thinking about the candidates for outsized growth for you in 2025 and beyond? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yeah. So I would say, certainly, salty, as we look at our entire portfolio is going to be a big area of growth. Strong growth in the category, lots of household penetration upside for us on those businesses. Distribution expansion, suite certainly because suites is a growing area of the category, also an area where we are underdeveloped. Certainly, seasons, we've continued to have strength and so we will continue to look at ways for that to drive us going forward. I would say some of the channel opportunities we think are big ones and a lot of those would come through relative to chocolate. And I think I kind of categorize that chocolate would be more in line with and slightly better than the category, but probably the biggest inflection point in 2025 versus some of the others that I mentioned.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Carey: Hi. Hi, everyone. I just wanted to go back to a reference in the prepared remarks that you'll be dealing with fewer headwinds in 2025 than you experienced in 2024. I think it's really a top line comment. Michelle, you flagged convenience stores probably weak into the front half, but then maybe get better. It sounds like you expect execution to get better in-store as well, potentially with a new leader for infection. Just what are the things that when you think about fewer headwinds and the year-over-year helpers that you're really thinking about when you insert that comment in the prepared remarks?
Michele Buck: Yeah, there were several, and Steve can jump in if I missed some of them, but we exited the Mexico drink business. So that was a drag on the business this year that we won't experience retail inventory, which I think Steve referenced a little bit earlier. Certainly, some of the pressures that we had at that key retailer around reduced merch that we will have fully lapped the ready-to-eat popcorn softness that we had seen on SkinnyPop again, we should be through most of the lap on that, that was creating pressure. There were some pressures from year two leaky buckets on some innovation, and we've pulled some of those smaller items to get away from that. Steve is there any -- that was the only other one, I think, that we've called out.
Steve Voskuil: And then, of course, you have positives on the other side, right? We've got a longer Easter. We've got very strong innovation pipeline, both year 1 and year 2 for next year with some strong investment behind it. Michele has talked about the Suites momentum, the inflection in SkinnyPop. So absence of negatives and opportunities on the growth side.
Chris Carey: Okay. Thank you. And then one quick follow-up would be, Michele, you did reference several times in -- throughout this Q&A session, what it sounds like desire for execution just to be a bit better. And clearly, you have new leadership with the business. How would you frame maybe this past couple of years of market share between innovation versus in-store execution that can be merchandising, RGM [ph], what have you. But it just does feel like there's a tinge of execution that you feel like that's been lacking and that can improve. So when you kind of think about the past several years, how meaningful has that execution been in market versus, say, some other factors? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yeah. So I think there have been a couple of areas that I want to do better. Certainly, this past year, our summer activations in market did not perform as strongly as we had hoped, things like Olympics. I think that there are some areas where there were some changing dynamics in the category. So there was increased competition from private label and smaller manufacturers in take-home. So we had a really good innovation calendar but it was focused on sites and on instant consumable and our innovation did incredibly well there. But with that stepped-up level of new competitors in take home, we found that we need even more there. So as we look at seasons, we had some instances where we had a variety of offerings and perhaps our retail partners didn't always have the optimal or choose the optimal portfolio. We think that we can partner with them and influence in a greater way. And then I think just some areas of opportunity, probably not weak execution but opportunity. We talked a lot about some of the work we did on gold standard shelf I take home a few years back. We're implementing that right now for instant consumables. I think that, that will lead to some stellar results for us. So, as well as the focus that we're putting on some of our variety brands portfolio and really executing that well within instant consumables as well. So, those are some of the areas of focus.
Chris Carey: That’s really helpful. Thank you so much.
Michele Buck: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Leah Jordan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Leah Jordan: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I was seeing if you could provide more color on the increased competition that you're seeing in confection domestically. What do you think is different in the environment now that that smaller players in private label are having a meaningful impact, as you called out? And how do you plan to address these pressures?
Michele Buck: So, I think as it comes to private label, certainly, I think that's driven by the consumer pressure and focus on value And certainly, I think retailers looking to -- at their margins and the potential that exists there. I think as it goes to smaller players, some of the some of the barriers to entry with digital media enable a bit more of that to come into the category as well as with sweets because I would say sweets has some -- an easier door to open to the category as well. Where we are really focused is how do we really have the right offerings, the total value proposition. So, if we look at instant consumables, for example, it's always about the highest velocity items everywhere. So, there are some instances where we put out some innovation and shelf space that we took during the pandemic and the items we're doing okay, but now there are some smaller players who came in and have competitive velocities, and we need to switch out some of the items we have for even stronger items. So, I think it's really a focus on that.
Leah Jordan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. Steve, I don't want to beat the horse, so to speak, but I do want to come back a little bit to the pricing conversation for next year. I know you had said previously restated today, you've taken a bit high single-digit pricing on about half of the North America confection portfolio, maybe the total portfolio. But I feel like that still implies probably somewhere around a mid-single-digit range for North America confection in 2025. And I'm just trying to marry that to the comment that pricing next year would be essentially similar to what we're seeing this year because it would seem like it actually would be a little higher next year given some of the pricing on cocoa. So, maybe if you can just kind of help me understand that.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. I think the biggest disconnect is probably just due to the mix of items that are being priced. I think we talked a little bit about on a pounds basis, with about 50% of the pounds being priced and when you kind of flow that through the portfolio, that's what kind of gets you back to that, I'd say, similar, not exactly the same, but similar to what we saw this year.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And then I guess the other question is just kind of around the comment you made in the prepared remarks about kind of trade and media spend increasing a little bit? It sounds like maybe there's a little bit more push on core brands, maybe not Reese's, but brands like Almond Joy and Mounds PAYDAY [ph]. And I just remember, Michele, I don't know if we go back and kind of making this off like 5 years ago or so, right, there was a little bit of an initiative to kind of lean into those brands a little bit. It seemed like maybe you continue to lean on them, but if we lean into them a little bit more now, what does that mean? Does that just mean kind of more social media, overall marketing dynamics? Does it mean maybe a little bit more innovation coming from those brands? Just trying to gauge kind of where you can take those brands maybe improve the overall efficacy of the portfolio. Thanks. That’s all.
Michele Buck: Yes. Absolutely. So it is prioritizing the distribution of those brands. Most of those brands, they are biggest parts of their growth is in regular account. So we have king-sized brands, and we have brands that are big regular account. We think now given the focus on consumer value and entry-level price points, really making sure that we have a robust portfolio there and then continuing to invest in those brands to give them the marketing support, which then, of course, leads to those strong velocities that will outpace many of the other newer competitive items who may be trying to game distribution in the category.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Thank you so much.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] There are no additional questions at this time. Would you like to make some further remarks?
Michele Buck: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. I look forward to speaking with many of you in the next few days and coming weeks.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Question-and-Answer Session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Anoori Naughton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Naughton, you may begin.
Anoori Naughton: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's second quarter 2024 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our prerecorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements [including] (ph) expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. And Melissa Poole, I think you're probably somewhere in the call. I think you're still there. Thank you for all your help over the years. And Anoori, congrats on your new increased role. I wanted to ask within North American Confectionery this quarter, as you mentioned, there was 6% impact from lower retail inventory and around 2% to 3% from the Halloween shift. You seem confident that these impacts will have no real material effect on the year, which I understand. But my question is, is it unfair for investors to ask if there isn't at least a small red flag underlying this news? And I'm just asking because historically in food, destockings, delayed orders haven't always been for benign reasons. Sometimes they're, I guess, outgrowths of softer end user demand. So, just curious what gives you confidence there's not a relationship between the delays and demand, which seems to be implied by your commentary.
Michele Buck: Steve, you want to take that?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, I'd be happy to. I mean, as we've seen in the last few years, there's been actually quite a bit of volatility around inventory levels, partly based on the COVID era and supply chain challenges. And so, I think what we're seeing now is a more reversion to the way it's been more traditionally, which is [handling ships] (ph) more in the third quarter than in the second quarter. So, the change from prior year -- but we had good visibility into our seasonal orders already. Most of those orders are in hand. We've got strong expectations for the seasons, a lot of retailer collaboration. And so, I think as we look at it, we don't see it as a red flag. We see it as a more reversion to a traditional order pattern.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. And then, quickly, I wanted to ask about your recently announced pricing. Can you perhaps give us a sense of which products it covers, the magnitude of the increase? And can you walk us through the degree to which you're comfortable taking this pricing right now, given some elasticity and that you're one of the few categories to be doing so? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Absolutely. So, as you all know, we have experienced historic cocoa prices for some period of time now. And while we believe the current cocoa price is not sustainable, we do believe that the future prices will be higher levels than we've seen before this kind of recent historic pricing cycle. Our approach on the pricing has been to take a measured approach. We've absorbed a lot of inflation already, but we do believe we need to pass some of it on. And we're seeing the category hold up fairly well in this tougher environment. We think it's historically been very rational. We think it will continue to be. So, overall, we are not going to price the entire portfolio. We do have a robust internal process where we take a lot of factors into consideration to determine what our approach will be, but that's what gives us confidence. We will be getting about 6 points to 7 points of net price realization. At this point, we don't want to go into a lot of the specifics around the pricing. It was very recently announced, and so it is still out there being sold into customers. And we think from a competitive perspective at this point, we shouldn't go into too much more detail. We are assuming that we'll see historic elasticities, which is a little bit worse than we have seen in our recent price increases. So, we think that that's the right approach as we plan for this on the business going forward.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Michele, I wanted to dig in a little bit more on market share trends in core chocolate. I know share trends have been weaker I think than expected particularly in everyday items even though Hershey is lapping some share losses in core chocolate last year. And I know last year there was more of a focus on capacity additions, but I guess I was -- I thought this year would mark a return to more innovation, more normal levels of sort of in-store commercial activity and such. So, I'm just trying to get a better understanding of what you think is driving those share losses and maybe when you'd expect to start to see those trends start to inflect, particularly in light of your intent to take some incremental pricing, albeit justified pricing?
Michele Buck: Yeah, absolutely. So, first of all, I'd say we are encouraged that we continue to see category growth in that roughly 2% range. All along as we planned the year, we had expected our second half to be stronger, better than the first half due both to lapse as well as the timing of programming. And we had also anticipated Q2 to be a weaker takeaway quarter for us than Q1, given the timing of season, Reese's Caramel and then also some programming shifts where we had some programming that prior year was in Q2 that we shifted to Q3. That said, Q2 was a bit lighter than we anticipated both from a category perspective in terms of where consumers were shopping and what they were buying and certainly also from a share perspective. If I look at the areas of pressure in share that we saw in the quarter, sweet is an area that continued to be strong and certainly we under-indexed on sweets. As we look at the back half, we have significant incremental innovation with the Shaq launch, with new forms, et cetera, that we think is really going to help offset that. We saw pressure, particular pressure that hit us in C-store, given some of the weakening of those C-store channel trends, as well as an uptick in take home in club where we're less developed. And then finally, of course, the biggest factor that we had spoken about in the past, kind of the reduction -- continued reduction in key retailer merch, which reverses in the back half. So, as we look at the back half, we feel good about the progress that we'll have on sweets. Certainly, the strength of our programming from an innovation perspective, lapping that merch reduction at the big retailer, we have visibility into resets and we know that we're going to have advantaged position in resets in several key retailers, that's going to be a plus for us. And also, as we look season second half to first half, we are a big share player at seasons. First half had the weekend Easter with a short season and we have strong visibility to seasons in the back half. So, we know that that will drive share as well.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And then, just a quick follow-up on the reduction in retailer merch that's kind of impacted the last couple of quarters that you'll be lapping, I guess, what was like the sort of post-mortem on that, if you will? Typically, some of these things kind of -- the pendulum swings too far maybe in one direction and then key retailers sort of figure out that it does make sense to put -- to have lots of different points of interruption, if you will, across the store because it's such an impulse item. So, I'm just curious like any lingering effects that you expect from that or not so much? Thanks.
Michele Buck: I would say, I think that we're seeing things I would say neutralize. I would say that sometimes those things do go to more extremes and I think they -- while they don't revert back to where they were, I do think that there's more neutralization down the middle a bit more.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Hello.
Alexia Howard: So, can I just start with the question on the incentive comp being down? Does that imply that this quarter was something of a disappointment relative to plan maybe because the timing of the shipments for Halloween or the retailer inventories were run down? And what should we expect to have happen on those incentive payments going forward?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. The biggest driver on the incentive side is just tracking with what our expectations are from a full year standpoint. And so, we -- at any quarter, we true-up where we're at year-to-date and the outlook for the full year. And that's the benefit that we're -- say, benefit that's flowing through into the incentive comp right now.
Alexia Howard: Okay. And -- but the full year is the same or ish, I mean, there's only minor reduction in guidance this year. Obviously, this quarter was a disappointment relative to expectations. So, I was just trying to -- does that mean that the comp sort of bounces back next quarter and normalizes?
Steve Voskuil: No. We wouldn't expect it to bounce back. We are -- incentives are structured as more than just, say, the headline numbers. There are things other goals and objectives underneath there. There's different parts of the portfolio that have different goals. So, even though the headline numbers may not change that much, some of the underlying incentive calculations can change. And so, as I say, we trued-up every quarter. We're not expecting it to come back. I would look at it as a step down for the second quarter that will continue to pull through the back half.
Michele Buck: And that's [full-year] (ph) reduction in guidance does have an impact, I mean, a meaningful impact on the comp.
Alexia Howard: Got it. Okay, perfect. And then, on the gross margin, you mentioned that this quarter, obviously, you're still expecting 200 basis points decline for the full year. This quarter, you talked about input cost timing favorability. Which input cost was that on? Presumably, it wasn't cocoa, because I thought you had that locked in at the end of last year. So, just curious about the dynamics on input costs.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. There are a couple of things inside there for the second quarter. One is that we did have some movement in mark to market of derivatives for our hedging. And so, it's not a change from the past. We always have for current periods some mark to market that flows through the segment reporting. In this case, because of the volatility in commodities plus the business performance, and as always, the mix of instruments and tools that we use to hedge, we had some favorability there that came through relative to input costs. That's hard to predict. It varies quarter to quarter, but that was one of the pieces. We also made some small changes to -- as part of our ERP system in the way we match cost to products, that didn't have a big impact on the quarter, but slightly positive as well. As we look at those pieces, we look at them all as timing based and so we expect to see those come back in the back half.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. So, Michele, I guess, a question I think you're going to get or we're all going to be asking over the balance of the year is just consumer receptivity of a price increase and maybe why normal elasticity. And I say that in the context of if you look at your own results, right, it's clearly a value shift, right? Dollar stores, club stores doing well, convenience stores not doing as well. Pepsi is cutting prices, right, on Frito, because they priced too high. There was -- the lift on merchandising wasn't very good. Mondelez is trying to get a $3 price point instead of a $4 price point in front of people's eyes. So, it just seems like a lot of the other snacking peers are adjusting down maybe to start stimulating demand. So, just how you think about that in the context of trying to take another price increase?
Michele Buck: So, certainly -- as we put together the pricing, certainly we're experiencing outsized inflation versus I'd say some other peers. That said, we do really focus on the consumer. As we look at historic price elasticities, our recent pricing increases, we have been better than historical elasticity levels. So, we are putting in place a more conservative assumption on elasticity than we've seen in the past. That said, we also really take a surgical approach across the portfolio, with a lot of analysis to look at the key price points we need to be at, to offer the right range of opportunities for consumers. We've got a pretty significant amount of our portfolio that's under the $3 price point, and we've made choices across the portfolio about where we think those price increases will benefit and work and some places that we've chosen not to lean in on price. We also continue to optimize reinvestment and look at the total bundle of value because we know value includes both price points, but also seasons provides value, innovation provides value, and then reinvestment in the right precise price points from a promotional perspective as well. So, kind of that holistic approach is what makes us feel good about it.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then, Steve, if I could just one quick follow-up, I think you mentioned it might have been in the prepared remarks, cocoa and beginning to start laying in a little bit for '25. If we think about the gross margin expectation for this year for '24, should we assume that you've got visibility or you're pretty much locked in on cocoa? So, if it moves around, it's more of a '25 versus '24 factor we should think about?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. For '24 itself, I'd say we're pretty well locked in on cocoa. And the only caveat I would say is like we saw this quarter, there's still some potential for some mark to -- some in-quarter mark-to-market movements that could go through this year, but cocoa supply and largest part of the cocoa cost lapped for this year. As we get to next year, of course, as we get further into the year, we'll share more about expectations for next year. I mean, it's no surprise, current cocoa prices still significantly up versus where they have been in the past. That's, of course, necessitating the price increase that we're talking about. So, more to come on '25, but for this year we feel pretty confident about where we're sitting from a commodity basket standpoint.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks for that, Steve. Thanks, Michele.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Great. Good morning. Just a quick follow-up on the previous question on pricing. You mentioned the 6% to 7% price increase. Is that consistent with what you would expect for North America Confection in your reported results for '25, or is -- are there timing issues there? Just wanted to check on that. And then separately, your commentary and guidance seems to imply stabilization or at least some acceleration into the second half in North America Confection. I just wanted to get your temperature. What of the stuff that you've talked about, Shaq, the new Reese's, the channel expansion that you talked about maybe with club and then the restoration of merchandising with that key retailer, what about that is the most important to that acceleration?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the -- let me take. On the pricing side, you can't take the 6%, 7% net for the full year for Confection. This price increase is going to be phased in. Some parts will be phased in later this year. Some parts will be -- have impact next year. So, don't take that all the way. But we look overall mid single-digits in 2025 is the way to think about it.
Michele Buck: Yeah. I guess, if I was going to zero-in on some of the biggest second half driver, certainly the lap on the large retailer, merch and resets is significant. So, I would put that first and foremost, and we have really good visibility into what that should look like. Secondly, the impact of season, that differential, also large and strong visibility into the sell-in for those seasons and then the sweets innovation is also one of the big drivers. And then lastly, I'd say the continued salty -- we really haven't talked much about salty, but the continued salty acceleration, we have seen the momentum shift on that business. Certainly, Dot's has remained strong, but SkinnyPop is seeing a regaining momentum and we expect to continue to see that in the back half.
David Palmer: Great. That's helpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: Hey, thanks for the question. In the prepared remarks, you discussed consumers pulling back on discretionary spending and C-store weakness. So, I was hoping to get a bit more color on what you're seeing there, particularly around the remark about seeing it really pick up over the last two months. And then, also a bit more color on how long you expect this dynamic could persist? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, I think in times where consumers are forced to make choices and pull back on some of their discretionary spending, they're even more focused on getting the best value that they can. And so, shifting where they are making some of their purchases, where normally they may not go out of their way to do that, I think during those times, this is something they're doing, and I think that's why we're seeing some of the shift away from convenience store into more mass dollar, et cetera. And I think we've started to see that the first part of this year. I think I would expect to see that as we continue through the year. We do have confidence that we can continue to shift and offer the right offerings across all those channels. One of the strengths in our business is our ability to do that. And certainly, as we lap that, we will see that stabilize and/or grow.
Max Gumport: Thanks. And then, with regard to the commentary of historic elasticity expected with the price increase on the North America Confection business, is that historic elasticity right around 1 or a 0.9? And just a bit more color on what's giving you the confidence that it will be right around that level? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yeah, you're right. It is right around 1. And based on the models that we use and what data points we have, we would say that we feel pretty good that that's our -- a good estimate for now. We are building in some of that conservatism versus where we've been in the past. And that's really for price in isolation. There are other levers that can help to offset that relative to things like increased innovation, seasons, improvements in activity at customers, et cetera, et cetera.
Max Gumport: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question. You mentioned your view that current cocoa prices are not sustainable. And I just wanted to understand in the context of the round of pricing that you announced, how you're thinking about covering longer-term pricing, so -- sorry, longer-term inflation. So, does this round of pricing kind of cover your view of where cocoa prices might migrate longer term?
Michele Buck: So, our strategy regarding pricing to cover commodities hasn't changed, that remains in place. But as we've discussed before, we don't view that as totally linear, as in when the price goes up there's an automatic coverage. So, I'd start by saying, if we look at where prices have already been in terms of -- and the fact that we've mentioned that we have some coverage for '25, it would be a fair assumption to assume that this pricing will not fully cover inflation. Steve, anything you want to add to that?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. No, that's right. We continue to manage pricing as one of many levers. And so, we're also looking at cost reduction productivity, we're looking at formulation, we're looking at all kinds of levers that we've talked about in the past to manage cocoa price, still very volatile. And as I said before, given even where it is today, and it's down from where it was earlier this year, if we kind of took current prices and flash ahead to the future, it's pretty still a very significant year-over-year inflation piece. And so, this pricing action will help. It's not by itself going to mean that we're already at long term covering the total cost, but it's a good first step, and you can expect we'll take other steps across all the levers that we have in the basket to address.
Michele Buck: And we'll continue to monitor cocoa pricing. Certainly, we know there's been some positive news recently, but we also believe there won't be any significant impact in pricing until there's much greater visibility in the fall harvest, which is a bit of time from now.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thanks for that detail. And then, just any help kind of thinking about the puts and takes as we think about the third quarter versus the fourth quarter in terms of maybe some of the earnings cadence? Obviously, shipment timing is a big factor, but maybe any other help on kind of the progression of gross margin or underlying sales trends?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. On the -- it's a little more tricky to probably go quarter by quarter, but maybe if I just say, hey, as we look across the back half versus the front half, as we look at the back half, we're going to expect to see more AAA savings. We've been saying most of that's back-half loaded. We'll see some of that come through and some of that does impact gross profit. We'll have our regular CI productivity that I think we said on the earlier calls about $140 million target for the full year. We're right on track for that, but there's more of that to come in the back half than we saw in the first half. We'll also be lapping some incremental costs that we had in the back half of last year. Some of that was that for related warehousing and so forth. Most of the timing items, we would expect to reverse in Q3. So, I think we'll see more of those benefits reverse in Q3, but the others will continue over the back half. On the other side, as I think about back half gross margin, we'll have more commodity inflation, we'll have more seasons mix naturally coming in, and that seasons mix is slightly dilutive to margin. We'll have a little bit more sweets growth and sweets growth also a little bit dilutive from a margin standpoint and the reversal of some of the mark-to-market and other timing items that we talked about, again, mostly in Q3.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Just wanted to know if you could kind of elaborate on your thinking for marketing support. There was a big increase last year and I think the plan was for another increase this year. Where do you stand on your how much marketing is going to increase this year? Has anything changed? And as you get into 2025, because of these incremental costs that you're going to have to take into account, how do you think about marketing relative to sales into '25? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yeah. So, we don't see a significant change in our marketing support versus what we had planned. As we look to this year, still up in line with our sales growth.
Robert Moskow: And the next year?
Michele Buck: Yeah. And as we think about next year...
Steve Voskuil: For next year, I'd expect also to match roughly in line with sales. And we're not far enough down all of our game planning for next year. We'll get more details later in the year, but I think from a planning standpoint, assume that it's going to at least match what we're doing from a sales standpoint.
Robert Moskow: Okay, great. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Salera with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Salera: Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking our question. Michele, in the prepared remarks, you talked about in salty strong trends with Dot's and then kind of improvement for SkinnyPop in the back half of the year, but the salty category as a whole has seen some pressure, and obviously more promotional activity probably coming into the category. So, just maybe walk through puts and takes on what gives you the confidence for Dot's maintaining momentum in the back half of the year and then SkinnyPop reaccelerating?
Michele Buck: Yeah, absolutely. So, certainly, we've continued to see tremendous growth on Dot's. I'd start by saying on Dot's, we continue to have a lot of more upside on expanding our depth of distribution. There are still distribution opportunities, whether it's by geography, whether it is depth within a store, space on shelf, given velocities. And we also have continued strong investments in Dot's relative to both marketing support and then also innovation relative to pack types and flavors. One example, recent launch of Parmesan Garlic. So, we continue to just have all the marketing levers still present opportunity on Dot's, because that brand has really still been in the kind of introductory phase. As I think about popcorn, I would say, yes, there's been some pressure on the category. We are seeing some stabilization as we lap some of the consumer concerns in that category and we continue to feel good about the stepped up innovation opportunities on SkinnyPop as well relative to flavor pack size and also marketing investments, which we have dialed up more recently as well in combination with lapping some of the softness from last year.
Jim Salera: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe to drill down a little bit on the Ready-to-Eat popcorn, is part of the softness there just consumer preference for like trading out or opting for another substitute good instead of the popcorn, or is there something particular with that cohort, where the consumption trends are a little bit lighter there relative to something like Pretzels or Dot's?
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, what we uncovered was the satiety factor was impacting total value proposition. And so that's what we started to see some softness on last second quarter. And we're now at a point where we're really starting to lap that and see it stabilize as we head through the back half of the year.
Jim Salera: Great. Thanks for the color. I'll hop back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: You touched on having some coverage for 2025 for cocoa. I'd imagine you don't want to be too specific, but more than halfway through the year now -- more than halfway through 2024 and with at least sort of an average maybe of kind of typically looking 12 months ahead, would we estimate or assume reasonably that you're kind of half covered for the year? I guess part of the question is, how much are you maybe looking to be patient for better rates, or kind of more focused on securing supply? Maybe just a sense of how kind of that securing product for 2025 is progressing? And related to that, maybe, I know you would ordinarily give an update in February when you report 4Q on the next calendar year. Is there any chance later this fall, when you've got plans put together, you might give a little preview sooner than normal, or should we expect just the typical cycle in terms of that news?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah, on the -- specifics on hedging, you're right, I can't really give color around how far out we're hedged for 2025. As I said, our policy hasn't changed. And so, we've got some guardrails. It's fair to assume we've got some level of coverage in 2025, but we're still watching the market and the volatility. And so, we'll continue to, through our normal process, monitor that and take coverage as appropriate. As we get later in the year, as our visibility increases, I would hope to be able to provide a little bit more color. Again, a lot will depend on, as we sit here, for example, on the third quarter call what we see and how much visibility we do have into cocoa and probably some other variables as well. That would be the hope. We'll see how we're sitting when we get there, but we'd love to be able to provide more color once we have the visibility we can give you to rely on.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. And just as far as -- obviously, the cocoa cost pressure is very well known, does that do anything to influence how you might think about portfolio optimization, maybe diversifying a little bit more away from chocolate specifically, or any other way that it might impact how you think about managing the portfolio?
Michele Buck: Hey, I mean, we're always looking at the best portfolio to meet consumer needs. We love the categories that we're in. And as you know, we've made decisions to expand and leverage our core capabilities that are so strong in snacking more broadly across snacking with our -- particularly with our launch into salty a few years ago. We also look across our -- even our chocolate portfolio and try and optimize our demand creation. We have certain parts of the portfolio that have more cocoa and chocolate, and certain parts like cookies and cream that may have others, but our goal is always to go where the consumer is.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Carey: Hey, good morning. Thank you for the question. I just have one follow-up on levers, and then a clarification on the back half. Steve, just regarding the levers, in the prepared remarks, there was a statement that the pricing was the first step to cover inflation. I couldn't tell if the implication was that you're assessing the pricing in market before perhaps taking other pricing, or pricing is just one of your many tools in the toolkit to manage inflation. And then just regarding the toolkit, where is the most effort being put right now as far as levers to offset inflation, whether that's product reformulation, price pack, incremental productivity, maybe even have some tax savings. Doesn't feel like marketing will be a key source of savings. So, just you've had time to kind of prepare for this. Where is a lot of that work going right now? And then -- sorry for the long question, but just in the back half of the year, the 4 points visibility seems about 1 point is seasonal. Is the rest [Technical Difficulty] the innovation, or is there any of the 6-point kind of destock in Q2 coming back in the back half? Thanks for all that.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the first part of your question, this is really just our normal strategy. We're always looking at the market. We're looking at cost. We're looking at pricing. And so, this isn't -- the comments weren't intended to say, hey, this is a tripwire pricing, and we're waiting to -- we will always be looking at pricing, and we'll be looking at all the levers. So, just to address that. In terms of levers, I would say we're focused on all of that, but some -- we've talked about in the past, PPA is a big one. We want to make sure that we are, as Michele said earlier, bringing value to consumers going where they are. We've got a lot of initiatives underway, some of which are contemplated in this price increase, but other things that we're working in collaboration with retailers to bring to bear in the next couple of years. So that continues to be a focus. And then things like the transformation program to drive cost savings all through the P&L, also one of the pieces, one of the levers that we can use, and driving production efficiency off the back of some of those technology investments. So, wide span of tools, but those are ones that are getting a lot of attention. And then on the back half, your question was just -- can you -- just ask you to repeat that last piece.
Chris Carey: The question is basically there's roughly 4 points in the back half of shipment visibility highlighted in the prepared remarks. I can get to about 1 point of that being seasonal. The rest of that, is that incremental innovation, or just other proactive initiatives you have? Or is any of that this 6-point retail reduction in Q2 -- I couldn't tell because there was a comment about retail inventory should be in line with current levels into the full year. So, I didn't know if you were getting some of that back, or the rest of the shipment visibility and other things. Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. The back half guidance doesn't require any increase in retailer inventory. So, like I said, we're at a level now that we might have expected to be at. The end of the year would be typical, but we're not expecting any increase in retailer inventory. And as far as some of those drivers we touched on some of them earlier for the back half and you have as well, we will have more innovation relative to the first half season will play a role. We'll have some easier laps in a couple of businesses. We mentioned in the prepared remarks, international will have some easier last salty as well given the ERP implementation there in the fourth quarter of last year. So, those are the things that give us confidence in what we can do from a business standpoint in the back half.
Chris Carey: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. Maybe just a quick question for Steve. Just in terms of those levers, right, I mean clearly, you've outlined the $700 million in gross savings. I think it's through '26. So I'm just curious, kind of given the clear elevated cocoa cost situation, like is there a little bit more flex in those savings maybe to help offset some of those costs, or you just kind of preplan that too well, there are reinvestment needs that have already been earmarked, and we'll see what we can do, but not really? That's the first question.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I'll say we're very focused on the cost side, absolutely. And so, as we look through the transformation work, as we look through the ongoing productivity work and even now moving past ERP and some of the savings we can leverage off the back of that, so all of those things are helping us focus on costs to help make some impact on what we can do from a cost savings standpoint. And as we said, we're expecting a net $300 million savings over that period. So, if not $300 million, then reinvest portion. We want $300 million net after reinvestment to hit the P&L.
Rob Dickerson: Yeah. I guess I would just say like, could you take the $300 million to like $350 million because maybe the cost situation changed? I mean, it sounds like you're not budgeting...
Steve Voskuil: Sure.
Rob Dickerson: Yeah, okay.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. Well, I would just say we felt like we went pencils down on cost savings once we put that program in place. We continue to look all the time for cost savings. And believe me, all the pressure is up to find more.
Rob Dickerson: Yeah. Fair enough. Okay. Cool. And then I guess, Michele, just kind of a question around some of this kind of ongoing discretionary spend softness on chocolate, because I kind of ask because, I mean, clearly, we've seen a tremendous and kind of ongoing growth on the sweet side of the business, so which you -- I guess, one could argue it's still somewhat discretionary and clearly still a much smaller piece of the U.S. broader confection market. So I guess, just first, kind of maybe like why do you think consumers have maybe increasingly shifted to kind of non-chocolate confection, one? And then, two, maybe how broad is the Shaq-a-licious launch expected to be as we get through the back half of the year? And then, three, like could there be any acquisition opportunities that you would maybe dream of, you don't have to name names, but yes, it could be an area of interest? That's all. Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yeah. So first of all, I'd say chocolate is still growing. And the non-chocolate growth that we're seeing doesn't appear to be sourcing much from chocolate. We do believe that there's growth in that area due to some of the kind of the emotional factors around fun, dress release, and frankly, there's been a lot of news and innovation in that segment. So, in addition to value playing a role, there are many other main drivers, I would say, that do make sweets appealing, and it's one of the reasons that we've really ramped up our innovation in that space with Shaq with the launch of a new form in the back half and continued investment in those brands.
Rob Dickerson: All right, fair enough. Thank you so much.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Powers: Good morning. Thank you so much. So, I know we're late in the call. I wanted to ask maybe kind of a wrap-up and longer-term question. A little over a year ago, you obviously outlined a number of initiatives to drive the next phase of long-term growth for the company at your Investor Day. And a lot of news at that time a discussion around upgraded commercial capabilities, digital network and supply chain optimization, workforce planning, et cetera. A lot of that you've touched upon it in bits and pieces today as well. But I guess when you step back, just given all the volatility you've experienced in the time since that day and kind of what you see ahead over the next 12-plus months, how would you assess your ability to keep pace with the cadence of change and improvement that you had envisioned during that Investor Day? Have you been able to largely keep pace amidst all this noise, or are there areas where the honest assessment is you'll have to do some catch up when the demand and cost environment hopefully stabilizes?
Michele Buck: Well, I would say we have continued to drive really hard on all of those capabilities around digital workforce planning, et cetera. Steve referenced the transformation program. And that transformation program includes a lot of those components, and we have continued to make progress on that. So, starting with the completion of S/4, which we were able to successfully do, so that is now behind us. That was the foundation. Many of the work streams that enable us to deliver the transformation cost savings that we are on track to deliver involve technology and automation and digital solutions to enable that. So, those things are continuing to move ahead. So, I'd say it's kind of an 'and', which is dealing with the current pressured environment and continuing to drive ahead on all of those initiatives that are part of the transformation.
Stephen Powers: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor over to Ms. Naughton for closing comments.
Anoori Naughton: Thank you all so much for joining us this morning. We look forward to catching up with you in the coming days and weeks. Have a great rest of your day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2024 Question-and-answer Session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin. 
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Q&A Session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our prerecorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. 
 In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. 
 Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. 
 The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. 
 A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. 
 Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. 
 Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. 
 With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. 
Andrew Lazar: Michele, I guess excluding the inventory build, underlying organic sales in North America Confectionery rose 2%. I think we and the Street had modeled it broadly more flattish. And recently, market share trends in chocolate have inflected following a year of weakness. 
 I guess my question is, am I overplaying this? Or maybe are you, too, starting to see sort of building underlying momentum in the core Confectionery segment outside of all the ERP inventory noise? And would you expect to see a sequential improvement in volume trends in 2Q? 
Michele Buck: Yes. So Andrew, we are definitely -- we're very pleased with our Q1 top line performance. I would say that, overall, it was in line with our expectations. However, our market share did exceed expectations. And our strength was really driven by very strong performance in seasons, both overall and takeaway, as well as market share and also the strength that we had in innovation with Reese's Caramel, which not only did well with consumers, was the best innovation in the category and also was able to drive strong merchandising for us, particularly as we launched around Super Bowl. 
 So we're feeling good about what we're seeing. And as we look to the rest of the year, we do expect some improvement in trends as we enter throughout the year and proceed towards the end of the year. 
Andrew Lazar: And then you mentioned in the prepared remarks improved display activity in the first half of this year versus the second half of last year. I know there's a lot that goes into that, but can we also take this to mean maybe that some of the headwinds you faced last year from a major customer going through what seems like yet another sort of clean store effort maybe has started to realize a bit that display and sort of multiple points of interruption for snacks improved sales? Or is that too strong a way to characterize it? 
Michele Buck: I would -- yes, I would say we are partnering very strongly with that retailer as we always do. And certainly, I think we both recognize some of those opportunities that we can go after. 
 As we look at the performance year-to-date, a lot of the strength that we had seen versus second half of last year in merch was really across other customers versus that customer with seasons innovation and then really tying some of our media to events like the Super Bowl or March Madness driving merch. So we do anticipate that we will see some of the strength from merch with that retailer in the second half of the year. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. 
Alexia Howard: Okay. So 2 questions. First of all, I know you're not going to comment on what you're doing with your cocoa forward contracting and hedging strategy. But could you give us a little bit more detail on the levers and options you have regarding sourcing for 2025, whether it's sourcing from other regions, obviously, timing of contracts, the amount of flexibility you can build into the system. Just some ideas of the types of levers that you can pull, given the amount of volatility that's out there in the cocoa market today. 
Steven Voskuil: Sure. Yes, I'm happy to take that one. So multiple ways to deal with the volatility. Obviously, the hedging program and the financial side is one way to deal and then the supply chain side, making sure we've got diverse sourcing. And we've done a good job of that over the years of really trying to diversify that supply chain footprint. 
 And no doubt, looking back at the last few years, we'll continue to move that diversification forward. But that does give us some flexibility on sourcing. And of course, we have recipes that went and taste profiles and things like that, that guide those choices. But within that, we've got quite a bit of flexibility on the sourcing side. 
Alexia Howard: Great. And then are you able to comment on what you're seeing in terms of the state of the American consumer? We've been hearing a lot about this recently with lower-income consumers becoming more vulnerable. Any comments you can make on how much the SNAP spending cutbacks last year hit you? I don't know whether you're able to quantify that, but just comments on where you're seeing the American consumer headed at the moment. 
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So we do know that we saw impact from the SNAP reductions in the business in the back part of last year. We are beginning to see some stabilization as we start to lap some of those reductions. Consistent with our expectations as we built our plan, we anticipated that, that would occur. However, we do continue to see value-seeking behavior from consumers. So that still hasn't changed. I'd say it's improving a bit, but it's still there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. 
Kenneth Goldman: I just wanted to follow up to your answer to Andrew's question about North America Confectionery. I think you said that you were -- that in general, it came in underlying, right, excluding the ship ahead, kind of in line with your expectations, but that your market share exceeded your expectations. So I guess, just mathematically, the category maybe didn't do quite as well as you had hoped. 
 So A, I'm just trying to make sure I'm hearing that correctly. And B, if so, what do you attribute that to? Again, we all know there's been some elasticity and you mentioned the lower end struggling a little bit. Is it really just tied to that? Or are there other factors maybe we should consider? 
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean I'd say some of that is always tied to each key competitor and what their programming is like versus prior year. So our largest competitor, Mars, was a little bit soft for the quarter with share down. And I think a lot of that was driven by their innovation, the lap versus prior year with some of that innovation not sustaining, and those things do impact the category. So that looked to be one of the biggest drivers. 
Kenneth Goldman: And then just pivoting a little bit to Salty. Obviously, your sales trends were much improved. I think it's fair to say that there's still maybe some opportunities in margin ahead. I just wanted to get a level of -- or get a sense of the level of how content you are with the A&P investment in that business? 
 Do you expect to have to invest any more in price? Just I guess, how confident are you in kind of the building blocks to really get that business a little more stable to a position where you can grow it and expand margins at the same time? 
Michele Buck: Yes. So overall, Salty was on track with our expectations as well. We had very strong Dot's performance. And then, as expected, while SkinnyPop improved, we knew that the majority of that improvement would not occur until we get to lapping the Q2 period and going forward. SkinnyPop does remain pressured along with some of the rest of the ready-to-eat popcorn category. And we think that, that will shift once we get past that lap. 
 As we move through the year, we do have strong media and trade investments behind both of the brands. We also have flavor and pack innovation that will help us both grow and also drive share gains in the second half of the year. 
 From a profitability perspective, Q1 Salty profit was the weakest for the year where -- of where the business will be for the year. So you can expect that to get better going forward. And also the bigger increase in our advertising really starts to happen in Q2 and beyond working forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Max Gumport with BNP. 
Max Andrew Gumport: I realize you're not getting into 2025 pricing conversation on this call or commenting on cocoa inflation. Just curious if you could talk about some of the other factors that go into that framework, though. So you've talked a little bit about market share trends, but also what you're seeing with category volumes, health of the consumer overall, the competitive environment, cross-category elasticity concerns just as we try to think through what you're seeing. 
Steven Voskuil: Yes. We -- so on 2025, and I think that's where you're pointing the question, I would just say we're in the midst of building the '25 plan. And so obviously, yes, we're not going to talk about cocoa. 
 As we look to the plan, there are a lot of levers we'll be looking at. And so pricing is a lever we'll look at, other supply chain savings. As we talked about in our last call, we've got some transformation savings that we'll be building in the years to come, including 2025. 
 And so as we get further into the year, we'll be able to talk more about what we expect for 2025, including category health and what we think about the consumer and so forth. 
Max Andrew Gumport: Okay. And then turning to the comments on gross margin for 2Q '24. Any help you can give us in terms of the cost absorption that might reverse out in 2Q after a strong 1Q, given the inventory dynamics associated with the ERP cutover? I'll leave it there. 
Steven Voskuil: Sure. Yes. We expect to see that fixed cost leverage that we benefited from in the first quarter effectively fully reversed out in the second quarter. So order of magnitude, we had $20 million to $25 million of benefit of fixed cost absorption and then also a little bit of mix just based on the type of inventory that was built in the first quarter. And so both of those components should reverse out in full in the second quarter. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. 
Nik Modi: Just 2 questions. Michele, I was wondering if you could just comment on kind of what you're seeing from a channel perspective, primarily C-stores, because some of the feedback we're getting is the traffic is really starting to come under some pressure. So would love your thoughts there. 
 And then just kind of more broadly, one of the things that, obviously, we've talked about in the past has been this kind of cross-elasticity between what's going on in your business versus other potential alternatives for the consumer, whether it be snack bars or what have you. And I'm just curious, as you kind of think about the year, are you framing your promotional plans and your pricing -- and your price gaps more from that lens? Or are you still just more holistically or focused more specifically on just the categories in which you're competing? 
Michele Buck: Yes. So as it relates to C-store, our business in C-store has been holding up pretty well for us. So we really haven't seen a big change in trend, I would say, that we are focused on there. 
 And as we look to price gaps, we always look at price gaps, both -- and price points, absolute price points, both within the category as well as across the snacking category. So that is really the standard way that we view our price elasticity, and we continue to evaluate it that way. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. 
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to come back to the comments on 2Q. You called out the high single-digit decline you expect from the inventory reversing. But the last quarter, you said how you expect double-digit EPS declines in the first half. I don't, unless I missed it, believe you reiterated that, but would that still apply as well? 
Steven Voskuil: It does. Yes. 
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. And then just as you think about any of the moving parts with some cocoa volatility or cost, maybe uncertainty at least, how -- you've also reiterated how you just think for the long term and want to approach the business that way. Would it be right to assume that, that does some amount of protection for AMC? How do you think about managing that as one of the variables? And is it something that is in play or is protected? What's kind of the approach there as far as the marketing spend? 
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I think strategically, we want to always continue to invest in our brands. We believe that's a key part of the model. And we know that if you break that investment, it can take some time to rebuild to get to kind of your threshold levels again. 
 That said, every year when we build a plan, we reevaluate the return on all of those pieces of spending. And we have to have the right news. We have to have the right increases in effectiveness and efficiency to set the right level. 
 So it's not to say that we are set at a specific budget or percent of net sales. Every year, we do adjust that based on what we're seeing in the returns, where the opportunities are, what kind of news we might have that we want to support, et cetera. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane: I guess, Michele, can you give us some perspective, if you can, I guess. If you look at seasons in the first quarter and maybe just how consumers purchased around Easter and what the display and merchandising was like, does it give you any insight into Halloween maybe being any different this year or maybe needing a different approach for Halloween? 
 And I guess, I say that in the context if we think about last year with the everyday business being so under pressure, right, it put a lot more pressure on seasons in Halloween and kind of the balance of the year to sort of drive the business. And trying to -- and it seems like that every day is, at least as a category or the small-format stores are under a lot of pressure. So I'm just trying to get an understanding if we have a lot of dependency on Halloween as we go through the end of the year and whether or not there's any sort of difference in the way consumers are shopping around holidays. 
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So if I start with the beginning of the year, Valentine's, the category was strong and we performed very well there from a share perspective. 
 The Easter category declined, but it was a shorter season, which always makes it more difficult, but sell-through was very good. And again, we gained share in that season as well. 
 As we look at the second half of the year, we do feel like those trends are positive for the second half. But obviously, we had some very strong seasonal performance in '23. So we think second half will grow, but we think the growth will moderate and perhaps be more in line with our overall growth as a company versus kind of super-sized in the back half. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. 
Robert Moskow: Michele, I thought I remembered last quarter you saying that once you got past the ERP conversion completely and after second quarter, that's when you would start to evaluate pricing actions to cover higher costs. Did I get that right? And is that still your strategy? 
 And then lastly, I was wondering like how do you know that -- how did you go about estimating how much extra inventory the customers pulled forward? You're expecting one thing, like maybe they would take a month of inventory. And did they just say, no, we want 2 months instead of 1 month extra? And then how do you know that maybe they weren't pulling forward shipments ahead of a perceived price increase? 
Michele Buck: So first of all, our teams have done an amazing job with the U.S. and Canadian S/4 implementation, and we don't take that lightly. So we're thrilled about that. And I think we are consistent with what we've said all along, which is, hey, we are in a pretty good position. We're shipping products, invoicing customers, et cetera. 
 But we do consider ourselves at the end of that ramp-up phase and making sure that we have a stable system, can close the books at the end of the quarter and all of that. So yes, end of Q2 is when we believe we're maybe officially stable on S/4 and have options available to us. Of course, we never speak about any of our intentions or strategies around pricing or when we might or might not, but rather just that the capability exists to be able to. 
 Relative to the excess inventory, frankly, we worked closely with customers because we wanted to understand how much inventory they wanted. I think a few things happened. We had some customers who maybe had not put in as much and communicated fully the requirements. So we had some of that, that added to inventory. Frankly, I think we saw some others who, in the face of other companies in the marketplace who were struggling with ERP implementations, it spooked some retailers into wanting a little bit more inventory. 
 So I would say relative to what we saw and was communicated to us, that's really -- and we were actually able to execute more than we anticipated. We actually thought we had to plan for some kind of disruption in the start-up and assume that there'd be a cap on how much we could give retailers. So we were actually able to better fully meet what they really wanted versus originally, I think we kind of tried to cap them a little more just because we weren't sure we'd be able to deliver. Steve, is there anything you want to say? 
Steven Voskuil: And where we landed in the end, we feel, was a healthy level. And so in the second quarter, we'll see the vast majority of that bleed out. It wasn't too much. And we don't see that as a sign about trying to get ahead of price increases. The way price increases these days work their way to the market, prebuying inventory isn't really the common practice. So not much risk there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. 
David Palmer: Question on price elasticity. What do you think your price elasticity is on the chocolate products today? And do you have a sense of how that might change if you were to -- if cocoa prices remained elevated and if you were to need a large price increase heading into '25? Any thoughts about how that price elasticity might change? 
Michele Buck: What we've seen is no material change in our elasticities over the past several months. We remain in line with historical levels, which is about minus 1, and that's what we would assume going forward. 
David Palmer: Got it. And you're always so good on insights. There's been this post-COVID slowdown in at-home snacking and perhaps there's that overlay of the SNAP reductions causing -- or influencing that. But now there's talk of a weakening low-end consumer and perhaps convenience channels being relatively weaker now. 
 I'm just wondering how you're thinking about the net of all these things going forward and if you're seeing crosscurrents between your different channels as you go through '24. 
Michele Buck: Yes. So certainly, I would agree that with value-seeking behavior that a lot of that is coming from lower-income consumers. And we've seen that relative to SNAP reduction and the trends that, that drove, frankly, in our business as well as, I think, across other edibles based on what other companies have shared as well. 
 I would say that our C-store business is okay. And I would say mass, club and dollar are very strong. So you may be seeing a little bit of that value seeking based on where that shakes out. But I wouldn't say it's something that we have seen as significant or dramatic. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Christopher Carey: One quick question on gross margins. Did the complexion of your gross margin evolved at all through the year? I know there's some timing dynamics between Q1 and Q2, and the full year outlook is unchanged. But is productivity coming in better? Or are parts of inflation coming in worse, some parts of inflation coming in better? Just any insight on how your delivery against this target has evolved over the past few months and evolving over the balance of the year relative to your going expectations. 
Steven Voskuil: Yes, no change. We're still, as we talked about on our call last time, about 200 basis points down year-over-year for the full year. Productivity savings off to a good start, right in line with plan. So at this point, nothing material that would point to a reshaping. 
Christopher Carey: Okay. Yes. Just the follow-up is on the category comments. The way that I interpreted it was that some of this lower category at the beginning of the year is almost entirely innovation relative to your going expectations of your peer? Or is there anything else that you're seeing, which you would highlight as over and above just that one comment regarding the lapping of innovation for one of your important competitors? 
Michele Buck: No, nothing else that I would highlight on that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi. 
Thomas Palmer: I wanted to just ask a little bit differently. I know you're not talking about cocoa inflation for next year, but there are some moving costs beyond just the headline cocoa inflation. You've got conversion costs and I think you're buying more butter and liquor than powder. 
 So when we just look at headline cocoa inflation, do these items like conversion and then the kind of the sub-items within cocoa that you're buying, do those soften the magnitude of inflation? Are they adding to it right now? Just trying to understand that piece of the dynamic. 
Steven Voskuil: Sure. Yes, you're right. Cocoa is sort of the headline, the big headline. But when you look at the cocoa derivatives, they are also increasing. And we won't comment about percent increase relative to cocoa price increases, but they are inflationary just as cocoa itself is. 
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Understood. And on the Salty Snacks side, you noted nonmeasured channels as a driver maybe of outperformance versus what we see in scanner. Where is that really coming from? And is this like other retailers? Is this more on the e-commerce side? And should we think about it as velocity or expanded distribution? 
Michele Buck: Yes. So it is from club, especially some very nice increases on Dot's that we shared last year. We got incremental distribution. So at this point, it's from both distribution and velocity there. So Dot's was up about 30% to start the year, and we gained over 300 market share points. And club was one of the drivers of that. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. 
Robert Dickerson: Great. Michele, maybe Steve, too, we fully understand, right, not speaking to hedging practices and where you're positioned or how you're positioned or how you're thinking about the internal hedging dynamic. 
 But I am curious, maybe just more broadly, we heard from another large confection company earlier this week that was able to speak in general as to just how you're thinking about this like global cocoa supply, right? 
 I'm sure you have plenty of internal and external advisers trying to provide that perspective, and I'm sure it's a lot better than ours. So I'm just curious if you have any general comments around that is the first question. 
Michele Buck: Yes, we're happy to share. So I would say, overall, our views about what has driven the market are somewhat consistent with what that large competitor shared earlier. As we think about it, we think both structural and transient forces have been at play impacting prices over the past several months. It certainly started with poor weather, a poor weather that impacted crop. And then concerns about supply. 
 But as we've mentioned previously, it's also about much more than just supply-and-demand economics, but rather the impacts of regulation like the EU deforestation regulation, market speculation and also the lack of liquidity. 
 So we continue to closely monitor supply and demand in the short term, which are the things that we can most get data and information on. The market will start and has started to get some signals on the supply outlook for the main crop. That will happen over the summer. Early reads on mid-crop look good, but it's really early. So we continue to monitor that. 
 We also have full coverage for '24. We have some coverage into '25, and then we remain very focused on executing what's within our control. Our business strategy is to drive growth, improve share, innovate, enhance our capabilities, drive cost efficiency as we continue to monitor that environment. 
Robert Dickerson: Okay. Great. That was very helpful. And then maybe, Steve, this one's a little bit more for you. I know you have the 2 programs focused on productivity and savings that grosses over the next 3 years $700 million. There's obviously some cost inflation already in the system, could be more forthcoming. I don't really think you've spoken much to the net productivity and savings, and I also don't expect you to give me an actual number. 
 But I am just curious, how should we feel about the net impact ability on the P&L, again, broadly speaking, given just the -- what clearly is a material amount of savings and productivity over the next 3 years. That's it. 
Steven Voskuil: Sure. Maybe if I just take cocoa to the side and look at the rest of the business, our model is to offset inflationary costs over time through a variety of levers in the P&L. And that fundamental model is still in place. Of course, cocoa is certainly stressing it in the near term. But longer term, that is still the model to cover inflation. 
 And so as we think about these savings programs, both the earlier one we discussed in the investor conference focused on productivity and the most recent one, which is a mix of SG&A savings and productivity, both of those, we like to focus on being a net benefit to the P&L over the horizon that we're talking about, which would imply we have to get other ongoing normal efficiencies to offset normal ongoing inflation. And so that's the way we're looking at those cost programs. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Salera with Stephens. 
James Salera: Michele, I wanted to circle back to seasons and just dig down on -- you guys mentioned you gained share in Valentine's and Easter. Can you just talk through what's driving that? And then maybe if there's any learnings that you can take to apply to, I don't know if you'd characterize it as like a mini or a bonus season with the Olympics this year? 
Michele Buck: Sure. So as I look at winning in season, certainly, it starts with the right product portfolio. We feel good about the portfolio. We always have innovation at the seasons, and we feel good that we have the right innovation. 
 Another key driver is merch. We did a very nice job with merch. And our retail sales teams work in stores to get the visibility that we really desired for the category and overall for our business. 
 And then also, we had the ability to provide even more supply. As we've mentioned over the past several years, we had a couple of years where we were constrained by what we were able to deliver. And end of last year, we really got to a much fuller place in supply across our portfolio. 
 And yes, all of those lessons we apply to those not traditional seasons, but those other occasional seasons, things like Super Bowl, March Madness and Olympics. And so we certainly plan to leverage those same levers to make Olympics a strong event for us in the summer. 
James Salera: Great. And on the Olympics specifically, if I'm not mistaken, I think it's 2 weeks. And so should we expect like in-store activations on that to run for like 3 weeks or 4 weeks or any way to kind of size that up as we think about that at the end of the summer? 
Michele Buck: Well, we usually start some of those activations ahead of the event. Retailers like to kind of highlight the event and get people engaged on ahead of time. So you will see some of those displays start as early as June, really leading into the Olympics. And then depending on the retailer, you'll see them throughout the summer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Mizuho. 
John Baumgartner: So in terms of the International business, I mean, there's been some high-level comments about Europe over the past year or so, I think recognizing your presence there a bit more than in the past. And I'm curious how you're thinking about that market longer term. And would you say you're still on a trial period? Is there anything that still needs better understanding at this point? Just how do you think about Hershey's desire to maybe take the next steps? And I guess it's a pretty big market with some differentiated products. 
Michele Buck: Yes. So yes, it is a large market. And I think the approach that we've always taken over time is it is a very well-developed, established market. And therefore, we believe our best chances of succeeding are with a differentiated product. 
 And after a lot of work, we have been successful in bringing Reese's to Europe. And really starting in the U.K., we've had some phenomenal success, but frankly, not a ton of investment in support in terms of on-the-ground people or other investments. 
 So we now have a business that we feel good about that's profitable there, and that's really our primary focus. So we think about Europe a bit more from where we have that elements of a differentiated portfolio that we think can win. And depending -- I'm not looking at it as a big investment, but rather doing it efficiently to maintain strong margins. 
John Baumgartner: Okay. In the U.S., I'm curious, as the consumer encounters just sort of extended period of high inflation, are you seeing any changes in terms of demand drivers for your categories where maybe the pull in advertising isn't what it used to be? Does it require more price promo? Does it require more in-store display, more front-of-store presence? How do you think about -- or are you seeing any changes in sort of the efficiency of the demand drivers that are out there? 
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I guess one way that I think about it is making sure that we look at each occasion, which really comes down to kind of the pack types across the portfolio and ensuring that we have good entry-level prices based on how the consumer -- well, and I guess price is based on how the consumer perceives value. 
 A lot of times for the lower-income consumer, it's about an entry-level price point that enables them to participate. In some categories, it's about volume that has a better price per ounce. 
 So I think, to me, that might be the bigger piece. I do think areas like seasons and innovation also drive value above and beyond the base products. And so we've seen that as well. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alejandro Zamacona with HSBC. 
Alejandro Zamacona Urquiza: Just a follow-up on the cocoa pricing discussion. So I'm curious on hearing any comments regarding the recent normalization. So recently, prices have declined 30% in the last couple of weeks. So any comments around that would be helpful. 
Michele Buck: Yes. Well, I think, first of all, that decline is just further evidence of the tremendous volatility that we're seeing in the marketplace. It's hard to peg what some of those declines. There are no new signals relative to supply and demand that are meaningful yet. 
 I mean perhaps some early signs about the mid-crop, which leads us to believe that more of the decline is driven by some of the nonsupply-demand economic factors but some of those other factors that we've discussed relative to speculators, thoughts on regulation, et cetera. 
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And with that, I would like to turn the floor back over to Melissa Poole for any closing comments. 
Melissa Poole: Thanks so much for joining us this morning. I know there's another call, so we'll let you all go to make sure you can attend that, and look forward to catching up later today. Have a great weekend. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company Fourth Quarter 2023 Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's fourth quarter 2023 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our prerecorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today’s press release and the Company’s SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning’s press release. Joining me today are Hershey’s Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck and Hershey’s Senior Vice-President and CFO Steve Voskuil. With that I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much good morning everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Maybe to start off your guidance for 2024 calls for that 2% to 3% net sales growth with volume flat to slightly down so implies over a three point year-over-year benefit from price which seems to be mostly carry over related from actions taken last year. So I guess my question is just recurring outlook embed any additional pricing actions this year to address the currently elevated cocoa cost and if not I guess if Hershey were to take additional pricing actions. Would those benefit 2024 or with the typical timing lag and kind of complexity of the system's transition, would that likely really be more of a 2025 benefit at this stage?
Michele Buck: Hey Andrew, let me talk a little bit about our pricing approach and strategy and then Steve will go into the numbers. It's a dynamic environment out there and we are taking a measured approach given historic inflation. As we can't talk about future pricing, but I do want to be very clear that there's no change to our pricing strategy and our commitment to use pricing to cover inflation and to support the investments that we think are critical to drive the business. So given where Cocoa prices are, we will be using every tool in our toolbox, including pricing as a way to manage the business. Steve, do you want to talk about some more of the specifics?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, the way you laid it out, Andrew, is correct. The pricing that we're counting on that 3% or so, a lot of it's carryover, some of it from 2022 to Easter and Valentine's Day, some we took mid last year on everyday chocolate and then a small increase we announced earlier this year on grocery items and food service. And you're right, when we think about the impact of future price increase, we're really challenged in the first half of this year just because of the ERP implementation, like you said, it puts some limitations on what we can do. And you can imagine enormous collaboration between us and retailers to execute that transformation. So we're trying to keep things very stable during that period. And so further price increases should they come with benefit more the back half of the year and probably more so 2025.
Andrew Lazar: Got it, thanks for that. And then the EPS in 2024 is expected to be sort of flat for the year. There's obviously a big discrepancy between what you're looking for in the first half versus the second half in terms of EPS growth. I guess, I'm trying to get a sense of how much of this is anticipated improvement in the consumer environment versus what you have maybe more visibility and control over with things such as timing of your plan system spending and timing of cost saves and productivity. Just trying to get a sense of the visibility to that, to the swing, if you will, and EPS growth between the first half and second half. Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes, it's not banking on cocoa relief and it's not banking on some kind of surge in the consumer or really even a surge in the base business. The biggest factor is really two things driving it. One is the lapse from last year. And as we started out really strong the first quarter last year and then ran into things like softer, salty category growth in popcorn, the ERP implementation in salty, and then the change in strategy at a key retailer. So as we think about the lapse of those, that's one factor that impacts this profile because the lapse gets much easier in the back half. And then the second thing you mentioned, Andrew, are things in our control. So the savings on the agility and automation initiative will get more traction in the back half again because the ERP places some limitations there. The same with productivity in the manufacturing areas, back half loaded. And so those will accumulate as we turn the corner from the first half and pivot from the ERP sort of period of stability to period of driving impacts against those savings initiatives. So it's really lapse combined with the things in our control.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask a little bit, you have more innovation coming this year, you have more capacity, you're battling an elasticity situation that I think it's fair to say is higher than many people expected, but your media spending is only being increased by the same amount as sales growth. I realize you're focusing on some key items a little bit more and you're kind of rebalancing some of that, but just trying to get a sense of the risk of some of your more flanker type brands if media is pulled away from them, if that's the impression I'm getting, if that's the right one. And how to really to think about your decision to maybe not raise media spending a little bit more than sales growth to kind of make sure that, you're battling elasticity in the way that's appropriate.
Michele Buck: Yes, thanks Ken. As we are big believers and our business model relies on media as a key lever to continue to drive our brands over the long-term. We're constantly, we feel good about media going up in line with sales. We also constantly look to try and make those dollars work harder and harder for us. And we've made some pivots in terms of some of our targeting that are actually going to give us expanded reach levels that will be greater than sales. So the impact we will get from that media will be more than the dollar increase, but we will constantly evaluate that. And if we are seeing even better than we expected, we'll revisit decisions and decide if we should be spending more as we always do during the year.
Ken Goldman: Thanks. And then quickly, it's not often we see kind of a venerable, established category like popcorn maybe slumping to this degree. Not really thinking about share gains or losses for Hershey in particular, but what do you see happening most recently in popcorn and what do you think needs to happen for the category to rebound?
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean, I think what we saw this year was we did start to see some pressure in the category related to value. The fact that popcorn wasn't quite have as much satiety as some other snacks and we saw some private label entries also get some focus. So I think what needs to happen and then compounded by that, in the back half of the year, we are the number one or number two player depending on the time frame in the category. And in the back half of the year, around our ERP implementation, we pulled back on merchandising and advertising support to make sure that we didn't have issues with supply. So that certainly had an impact as well. So as we've gone into this year, what we think needs to happen, we have done. So we have made some improvements in the value proposition, introduced a value side, a bigger pack. We've sharpened some of our merchandising price points and also increased merchandising. And we are back to a much heavier investment in advertising and innovation that we've had over time. So we think we'll continue to see some of that lap through the first five months of the year and then really rebound to nice growth and market share gains in the back half.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport: Hi, thanks for the question. With regard to cocoa prices, you've previously talked about how there's a divergence between fundamentals and current market prices. I'm assuming you're looking at underlying supply, demand and the stock to grinding ratio, but I'm curious for an update on that front and how that informs your visibility into cocoa for 2024. Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, we look at a variety of things, as you can imagine. I'll say the fundamentals. And when I say look at, we have an internal team of experts in this domain, but we also have outside folks who also give us points of view to make sure we're not myopic in the way we look at the market and what's happening. But we look at the fundamentals, we look at grind data, we look at crop yields, we look at weather, we look at all of those fundamentals and, of course, demand. But at the same time, there's a lot of financial activity, transactional sort of activity and speculation that overlays the fundamentals. And it's been difficult, certainly, to untangle those two pieces. And so, that's part of the reason that we have a hedging program is that, we're not here to try to outsmart the market and beat the speculators per se. We want to make sure that we have visibility and have the opportunity to reduce volatility to the extent we can in the P&L. But it's certainly a very dynamic market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Morning.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, so I've got two questions. And the first one is just, I don't know if it was actually in the press release or not, but Steve, have you given us a sense of just what your overall inflation is or maybe what cocoa inflation is? I've got that question a few times this morning. So what's the inflation rate, I guess, in the guide?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. If you look at it, kind of break it into two pieces, I'll just say commodities of which I'll just say cocoa and sugar are the two most inflationary. Low double digit inflation, if you look at other parts of the P&L, it's more mid-single digit. So if you sort of average it over everything, it's high single digit.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And that's pretty well locked in, right? I'm assuming that, like you've got coverage on commodities for the year. Should we, is that a good expectation?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, that's correct.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, cool. And then, Michelle, just to, I guess, a bigger question or a broader question is just on the cost savings, the incremental savings this morning. Can you talk a little bit about maybe how you came, how as an organization you came to that? And, I think the question that some folks are asking this morning is just, are the cost savings a reaction, right, to inflation? You're trying to preserve as much earnings as you can, which maybe implies cutting too much. You've got a lot of stuff going on, an ERP system transition. Like, is it really burdening the organization too much to try to focus so much on costs when there's so much other stuff going on? So just your perspective on that, I think, would be helpful for folks.
Michele Buck: Yes, sure. So I would say, a year to 18 months ago, we had started working on some initiatives that we thought could create some real opportunity and value for the company. And executing those was dependent on two things. It was dependent on us getting through the S4 implementation, which we will be through Q2 of this year. And it was also dependent on us doing the unification of our Salty Snacks business, taking those disparate acquisitions we had and combining them together, which obviously we did this past year and also put in place S4 across that platform, across that business unit. That then can become an accelerator for us to really go after what we saw as some opportunities, both in terms of creating greater end-to-end connectivity and also using technology for automation and efficiency. So this is really where we expected that we would be. Certainly with some of the pressure on coca prices, we accelerated that work a bit versus our original timeline, but the work was planned and underway accordingly. And we're trying to be very choiceful about where are the choices that we are making across those initiatives, and certainly making sure that a lot of that implementation won't happen till post S4, till we get through the implementation. So really measuring out when we do what to match with the organizational capacity. Steve, anything you would add to that?
Steve Voskuil: No, we're excited. We're going to get through ERP. We'll have 95% of our business all on one platform and the opportunities that will unlock. And then as Michelle said, thinking ahead to things like integrated demand planning and bringing more automation to supply chain. These were things we had in the vision before, but now we're much closer to being able to make them realized.
Bryan Spillane: Steve, you may be the first person that use excited in ERP in the same sentence.
Steve Voskuil: Oh, you might. I look forward to seeing you guys in Florida.
Bryan Spillane: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about honing in on the chocolate category in the U.S? You've obviously seen some nice recovery in volume and market share over the last two or three months. It's been fairly sharp. Can you talk about what the main drivers of that are? I imagine that innovation with the Reese's Caramels launch might be a piece of that. Just giving us some idea of what's driving that and whether that trend is expected to continue.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. I'd say there are two things that have really created some nice momentum on the business. One was we saw consumers have a huge affinity to the seasonal traditions. And we had very strong growth in the category in both Halloween and holiday. And we also won share. So that was certainly a key driver. And as you mentioned, we had talked about earlier this year, the opportunity for us in 2024 to really dial up innovation. We had a later year in 2023. Our innovation for 2024 is up about a third versus where it was in 2023. And we're really excited that we have some big innovations. Reese's Caramel, we believe will be a very nice addition. And that's doing well in Q4, continues to. We'll be featured on the Super Bowl. So you can look for that as well. And then we have some exciting sweets innovation later in the year.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. And just continuing on the theme of innovation, you mentioned a third increase. Are you able to quantify where you're at in terms of percentage of sales from new products introduced over the last three years? I imagine that that would have come down significantly since the pandemic started.
Michele Buck: Yes, so we are up about 35% higher in terms of innovation versus prior year. And we are up slightly versus pre-pandemic as well. I think we've chosen not to talk about innovation as a percent of net sales.
Alexia Howard: Okay, perfect. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: A question on your capacity expansion plans. I think you previously mentioned you had a 15% increase in capacity coming online this year. Can you just give an update on that? And do your cost savings initiatives impact these plans at all? And then maybe you can remind us what products the capacity is going to be used for.
Michele Buck: So I'll cover some of that and let Steve cover some of it. We've continued to invest in capacity in brands and businesses across the portfolio that have growth and opportunity ahead. Over the past couple of years, we've focused on Reese’s where we were short on capacity so that we could fulfill consumer demand. And then the other big area of focus we had was on the gummy side of the business in suites. And the first part of this year, we complete and have capacity coming online for that business that we will be able to leverage to better participate in that segment in the back half of the year. Steve?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, the only thing I would add is everything is on track. Yes, we're proceeding per plan and the cost savings project that we talked about doesn't have any direct impact on those plans other than as we look to the future, more opportunities to automate and create some agility and supply chain beyond those projects, so.
Pamela Kaufman: Great, thank you. And in the prepared remarks, you pointed to 200 basis points of gross margin contraction this year. Can you walk us through how you're thinking about the puts and takes around gross margins in 2024? And if you could give some color on the cadence of gross margin progression this year.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes, I'll give a highlight that the prepared remarks actually have a good section on that. So whatever I missed here, refer back to that. But with overall full year basis down 200 basis points, as you said, we're going to see more of that in the first half than the second half for some of the reasons we talked about even earlier in this Q&A session. We will have in the second half higher commodity inflation, but in the second half, we'll begin to see more benefits from continuous improvements, so manufacturing cost savings, the agility and automation program that we talked about will kick into more gear in the second half as we get past the ERP process. And then we're lapping some one-time costs in the back half related to Salty and the ERP program. So those laps plus the accumulated benefits that pick up on the savings side are what drive the biggest inflection from a gross margin standpoint as we look at the second half having less drag than the first half.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay, thank you. And just one more quick question. How are you thinking about the outlook for cocoa prices from here? And how is that influencing your hedging strategy?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, our hedging strategy has not changed. Our kind of principles around how we manage commodities hasn't changed. It's a dynamic market, and we're not going to comment too much about future pricing. Our business, as Michelle said, we've seen cycles like this before. We've got a lot of tools at our disposal to manage the impact of cocoa, and we plan to use all of those, so.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. I guess I have two questions. The first is market share assumptions in the U.S. for 2024. Is it fair to say that you think you can grow share in confectionery? And the second thing, on the pricing strategy, Michelle, nothing's changed, but this is a different strategy than what you've had in the past. The idea is to kind of squeeze out the pricing in maybe more frequently and in smaller increments. And I guess, is that still possible to do in an environment like this when the input costs spike so significantly? It sounds like that, it sounds like you're doing it this year, but, is it more difficult to execute when you see this much volatility in the inputs or not?
Michele Buck: Okay. So I'll take the first question, first relative to market share. We expect to see sequential improvement as we go throughout the year. The first half will be pressured by a shorter Easter. Easter comes much earlier this year. And also we will have about five, roughly five months in the first half of lapping the reduced merchandising and distribution at that one key retailer. And we know from this past year, the impact of that was about two points in total. We offset about one point of that on a takeaway basis. So that will pressure share. In the second half, we then are past those laps of the shorter Easter and the retail merch. And so we expect to see sequential improvement and to end the year in a much better place than where we're starting. As I think about our pricing strategy, I'd say what is consistent is our goal to cover inflation with price over time. Within that, how exactly we do that relative to smaller, shorter, more frequent, or bigger, the timing and the magnitude, to me are heavily influenced by other factors, such as where our input costs and general inflation are. So I think, yes, that the overall, we have a strategy to expand growth margins to price to cover inflation and allow reinvestment. That hasn't changed, but how we go about doing that will be a bit different. We're also very much focused, price pack architecture is an opportunity, all the tools in the lever.
Robert Moskow: Got it, so you can be flexible depending on the cost conditions.
Michele Buck: Yes. Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you, good morning. I just wanted to come back to Easter and the ERP transition. You'd mentioned with Salty in 4Q, how you cut back on some of the merchandising and even I think a little bit of the marketing spend. You mentioned Easter being a little bit shorter, but is there sort of an amplified headwind from the timing that, would you be doing a similar approach to promotions or marketing in conjunction with the transition to dial that back a little bit? Or is there a reason that they wouldn't apply the same way as the Salty transition did?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, we're not applying the same approach we did with Salty in that respect. We'll still be building inventory in the first quarter, we'll still be draining that inventory in the second quarter just to de-risk the transition, but we are not going the extra step of like freezing from all activity in store, merchandising promotion. We have a full merchandising and promotion plan. Those are going to proceed, they were planned well in advance and we have full confidence in being able to support them. So that is a difference.
Michele Buck: Yes, we felt like we got really good learning through the Salty and this was our plan to do Mexico first, then Salty and then the mother ship. And we got really good learning that we've been able to just incorporate and fine tune along the way. We also don't have the complexity as quite as many different systems that we have to bring together with our business as we did with all of the acquisitions.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's great color. And then can you just give us a sense on elasticities maybe both how they currently look versus history and then also what your assumptions are in the guidance as far as how they might progress over the rest of the year?
Michele Buck: Yes, so we're expecting our elasticities to be similar to the historic levels. So that's our key assumption.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the questions. Maybe just first-off on the pull forward of the productivity and cost savings, I just wanted to follow up from the earlier question. Are there new found savings embedded in this or are these largely initiatives that would have been done in future years? Just maybe clarify that piece of it.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, so when we did our investor conference back in March, we talked about incremental productivity savings in the manufacturing area. So this is incremental to that to start with. This is beyond that. As Michelle said, in the longer term view, we saw these as opportunities, but it's new opportunities really built off the back of some of the technology now coming to fruition is the way to think about it.
Michele Buck: And we've really beefed up or are beefing up our capabilities in technology. We hired a CDTO in the fourth quarter who's really bringing us capability and further expanding what we can do as a company, we believe.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thank you. And I know there's some questions that kind of danced around this, but maybe I'll be a little more direct on it. Just on pricing, what exactly is flowing through as we think about 2024? So kind of what pieces of the portfolio are being touched? Are there incremental pricing actions embedded at all in guidance or kind of what we start out in the first quarter is the run rate is kind of the full magnitude?
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes. So we have sort of three pricing components that are embedded into the Outlook. I touched on a couple of these earlier. There's the Easter Valentine's Day action that was taken in 2022, that's reflected this year. There's everyday chocolate increase that we executed mid last year, that's reflected. And then there's a small new price increase on some grocery and food service items that really went just into effect this month. So that's happening right now. Those are the only assumptions that are embedded in the outlook right now.
Tom Palmer: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So just a few follow-ups, if I could. Just on gross margin, again, just kind of put a fine point on this one. Do you expect expansion in the back half of the year, or are you saying that it's just going to be less contraction in the front half?
Steve Voskuil: It's going to be less contraction. Yes, the contraction will be more significant in the first half, less in the back half.
Chris Carey: Okay, understood. That's what I thought. Thanks. And then just on a segment basis, right, there's this dynamic where most of the inflation clearly is hitting you on the confection side, but probably some of the more fundamental category dynamics are more pressured on the snack side, clearly, because you're expecting low algorithm for next year. And so just from a margin dynamic between the segments themselves, is there a dynamic where – and this quarter is so hard to assess with snacks because of the – because of the RP – but will snacks require more investment in a strange way? It'll have more margin contraction than what we're going to see in confection. Is there any way you can just kind of frame investment needs and sort of fundamental margin pressure in snacks versus just, I guess, inflationary driven – inflation that we would see in confection? And then I apologize for just one more cleanup in a way. But I think to Brian's question on SM&A as a percentage of sales, we're probably implying a roughly 15-year low for this year. Maybe just help us contextualize why we're not getting too low from that standpoint. And maybe that 15-year journey is just about increasing efficiency relative to sales base. It's come up a couple times. So any added context there would maybe be helpful. Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the segment margins, you're right. The confection business is going to bear the brunt of the margin impact due to cocoa. Salty margins are up for 2024 year-over-year. And that's even on the back of some pretty heavy investment. And so we feel good about the journey that we're on there. It's not impacted, obviously, by the cocoa component. On the second question, could you just say the question again? I want to make sure I heard that one.
Chris Carey: It's effectively that operating costs as a percentage of sales look to be implied at a roughly 15-year low in 2024. And it's really just understanding why that's not cutting to the bone or going too low relative well, we're just getting more efficient relative to sales base over time. And that's what we're doing next year and the year after. So maybe just contextualizing that history would be helpful in putting 2024 in context. Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes. Well, let me first say we're not cutting to the bone. That's not the intent of the program at all. We want to continue to protect the brands and the capabilities that give us differentiated opportunities in market. When you look at operating expenses, if you look back over time, definitely getting more fixed cost leverage, the business is bigger. Even with a little bit slower growth year in 2024 than we've seen the last couple of years, we get significant leverage. We have efficiencies elsewhere in the P&L, efficient driving efficiencies through the P&L is an every year activity. And that's not new. And we've also seen more efficiencies in the international business. If you think back, the margins were quite a bit lower a couple of years ago before we made some of the transformational moves there. So a combination of all of those things have led to the improvements that we're seeing, but we're not cutting so far that we feel we're putting in jeopardy any of our key capabilities or growth potential.
Chris Carey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. Michelle, I just wanted to come back to your, I guess, brief commentary today. And I think you've mentioned it on the prior couple of calls just around consumer shopping for products with maybe a bit more satiation. Because, clearly the conversation today seems a little bit more focused on cocoa for cost inflation, salty, and then also pricing potential from here. But like if we just separate all that out and we just, focus more on kind of current consumer shopping behavior, especially within the confection category. Would you say, there are kind of ongoing behavioral shifts that are still taking place or you kind of foresee that, maybe reversing out as you get through the year or just trying to get a sense as to kind of how you view the consumer shopping that category relative to other parts of snacks? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean, I'd say first of all, overall with the consumer, certainly I think there is some increase in consumer confidence. We've seen unemployment rates, employment be stable. However, we do continue to see some value-seeking behavior in some pockets of consumers. We believe that the behavior across confection has largely normalized and we think that we have some of the right steps in place to kind of offset that satiety issue that we've seen with popcorn in areas like adjusting value across different pack types, enhancing marketing communication in ways that, build the value proposition. So we do expect that we'll start to see some normalization in popcorn as we go through the year.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, got it. And then I guess I just want to ask on kind of longer-term salty segment growth potential. While I realize you may not be giving, providing new long-term targets relative to what you presented at the Investor Day last year, I mean, clearly it seems like, enough has changed, let's say, to at least ask the question. So if we're thinking kind of past 2024, like do you think broadly that kind of low double-digit kind of growth for that segment is still feasible or like, could distribution maybe be a little slower? There needs to be a little bit more investment required to get there. Just kind of any color as to how you're thinking about that. That's it. Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Yes, no problem. We continue to feel great about the salty snack business and their long-term potential. We've seen such tremendous growth over time. There's no change to our long-term outlook. Our long-term outlook and the algorithm has always been around mid-single-digit growth. We had never expected low double-digit on the long-term. We had expected originally that this year might be a bit stronger but not on a long-term basis. So no change to that long-term outlook.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, super. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, our final question comes from the line of Jim Salera with Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your questions.
Jim Salera: Hi guys. Thanks for squeezing us in. In your prepared comments, you mentioned that we would be seeing some joint merchandising activations between confection and salty. Can you just give us a sense for -- is that to increase, buy rates in Hershey households that maybe buy the confection part of your portfolio but not salty? Or is it more of a way to increase the visibility for salty by kind of piggybacking on, the good merchandising activations you already have for confectionary?
Michele Buck: Yes, it's really some of both. Certainly there's power to that visibility of all of these great brands together. Our salty brands now are two of our top ten brands. So they have the velocity that warrant being with some of our other really major brands. And then of course it does encourage some of that cross household purchase as well.
Jim Salera: And then if I can maybe drill down on Dot’s in particular, I think you mentioned, incremental club distribution for Dot’s. I can say in my neck of the woods at least, it certainly feels like I or Dot’s placements when I shop my local club store. How much more distribution upside should we think about for Dots in some of those untracked channels where we don't have as much visibility?
Michele Buck: We still do have some distribution upside on Dot's. So I'd say more than several points of distribution upside still remain.
Jim Salera: Okay. Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to come back, Michele, to the outlook for ad spending in 2024, I guess, more or less in line with sales. Is that a function of just having spent ahead of sales in 2023 and now it's a more normalized year? Or is there an expectation for maybe a shift in reinvestment to other drivers, whether it's trade or anything else where your total spend growth is actually above the rate of sales because it just seems as though the larger innovation coming through the need for more pricing in the market. I'm sort of surprised that the ad spend is not going to be up higher this year.
Michele Buck: We always really do look across the entire bundle. And certainly, we have some trade spending increases in 2024. And so we look at what's the right bundle across DME, across marketing, consumer marketing and trade that we think will have the biggest impact and most efficiently on driving revenue. So it is some of balancing the total view of all of that spending together, which is a big area of focus for us. How do we make it all together work as hard as each individual piece.
John Baumgartner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Ms. Poole for any final comments.
Melissa Poole: Thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to catching up with you later today to answer any additional questions you may have. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company Third Quarter 2023 Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's third quarter 2023 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our prerecorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors, the presentation that this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks. At Hershey's Analyst Day earlier this year, I know that the company expressed confidence in sort of generating the high end of its sort of long-term growth algorithm for 2024. And we know some things have changed since then. There's been some more inflation. You talk about what seems to be the need for maybe some more aggressive investment spend behind stepped-up innovation as well as some shifting between trade and consumer spend and some consumer behavior shifts. So I was hoping maybe you could take us through, I guess, some of the key puts and takes for next year, how you're seeing all of this rolling up at this point? And basically, if 2024 can still be sort of an on-algorithm year even if not necessarily at the high end.
Michele Buck: Sure. So certainly, Andrew, we recognize that the world continues to be very dynamic out there, but we think we're very confident that we can pivot and adjust to those changes. If we think about things that we're anticipating strength on from a top line perspective, we've got good visibility with the capacity enabled growth, the capacity that will come online. Gummies in particular, is an area where we've not been able to fully take advantage of the growth in the Sweet segment. We're going to be in a much better position next year to do that. Certainly, some of the capacity that came online this year has been helpful to us relative to seasons and better being able to take full advantage in that area. That will be a benefit next year as well as additional Reese. Certainly, we have higher levels of innovation. Reese's' Caramel is one that we have highlighted already, but that's going to be very helpful for us in terms of driving the overall business as well as merch. We have some opportunities in distribution on salty Dot's in particular. And of course, we also have pricing carryover from this year. From a margin perspective, we know that we've got inflation that's a bit of a headwind with all-time high commodity costs in cocoa. But we also have pricing and productivity that will help to offset that. It will have some one-time pressures related to the S/4 transition. But again, that's really a transient event and will create some issues relative to inventory in the first part of the year. So that's kind of a little bit of an overview. Steve, anything you would add to that?
Steve Voskuil: No. I think you hit all the key pieces. Obviously, the next time we talk, we'll have a lot more details on next year. So…
Andrew Lazar: Yes. Great. And maybe just as a follow-up, you mentioned pricing and productivity. We know that there's already some pricing that will flow through and benefit 2024 from initiatives you've already announced and sort of put into the market. Have there been any other incremental pricing actions announced or that you think there'll be potentially the need for given where some of the cost increases are coming from?
Michele Buck: We have not announced any incremental price increases. We always evaluate the marketplace and have a lot of factors that we consider to determine how to best grow the business. Pricing is certainly one tool. I mentioned productivity. Now that we're in a better shape from a capacity perspective, we have more ability in our supply chain to activate productivity, and then we also look at productivity across every line item of the P&L, whether its trade, media, organizational processes and make sure we're really leveraging the best capabilities and investments to drive the business.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to follow up on Andrew's question a little bit about next year. I very much understand you're not necessarily in a position yet to discuss all the details of 2024, but you have given us some sales outlook and EPS outlook for next year. And I guess the question was whether you can hit the high-end of algo or the numbers that you put out there, and I realize things are still changing and pivoting. But I'm just really curious, because I think it's an important question to kind of follow-up on that guidance that you had given and really get a better understanding of how the incremental headwinds that have come since your Investor Day? I guess it's been a little more powerful than some of the tailwinds that have come as well. I'm just trying to get a sense of kind of balancing all that, I think, a little bit in the context of the fact that some numbers have been provided already. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, I'm happy to take it. It is an important question, and we'll address it a lot more fully on the next call. I think, the key right now is there are a lot of moving pieces even since we had that call, and some things are progressing in a positive way. We talked about productivity a little bit already. Productivity was one of the upsides we talked about on the call, we're having a great year from a productivity standpoint, and I expect that to carry forward. As Michele just said, we'll continue to look at pricing in all variables, pack price architecture, regular pricing and other places for productivity. And then we're watching the commodity markets closely. And there's been a pretty significant change there, too, from the beginning of the year. And so as we get together next time, we'll be able to pull all of that together and give you a better picture on how we feel about what we said back at the investor conference. But right now, we're still looking at, as Michele said, a pretty dynamic environment.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then my follow-up is, as we think about the trade de-load, you mentioned with the key retailer. Can you talk a little bit about what drove that and what some of the risks are that additional de-loads happen with maybe some of your other customers?
Michele Buck: Yes. And really, what we saw from the key retailer was a reduction in merchandising, which did pull back on shipments into that retailer. And this is really about their strategy to improve the shopping experience for their consumers and also to make fulfilling online orders easier for their pickers in store. This was a change that impacted many categories. Confection was one of those, and we had a disproportionate impact because we have had a very high share of merchandising. And therefore, that pullback impacted us, but it impacted many other categories in both edibles and nonedible.  Now this, I want to point out, this is really related to every day. So as you think about Q4 and the importance of Halloween and Holiday this did not impact season. So we don't expect the same impact in Q4 given how much of our business is seasonal. We do think that this will be a headwind in the first part of 2024, where we're lapping higher levels of March.
Ken Goldman: Thank you for the clarification. I appreciate it.
Michele Buck: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question. 
Max Gumport: Hi, thanks for the question. First, I just wanted to follow up on your commentary on the retailer merchandising reduction. It sounded like it was to help improve the shopping experience and the e-commerce and picking ability as well. Is there any reason to think other retailers could follow the same path? It sounds like it's just one key retailer for now. But are there any reasons to expect other retailers will follow?
Michele Buck: I don't anticipate that. I think this retailer, the degree of merchandising at this retailer was much greater than at many others. So I wouldn't anticipate that.
Max Gumport: Great. And then on Halloween, it sounds like it's up slightly so far. I know there was a low double-digit expectation. And I know that this year, shopping patterns have been a bit more normal, so less shopping earlier in the year. So I think that would be one key reason to think you can still get to that low double-digit number, but I just wanted to make sure you still have visibility to low double target for Halloween this year. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes I think the way you characterized it is certainly correct. We have seen a normalization of patterns from consumers in terms of when they're shopping as their concerns about potential availability are not there this year like they were last year. 50% of the season does sell through in the last two weeks of October. So we still do have a bit of product to sell through. And with Halloween falling on a Tuesday, there will be a lot of sales this weekend. We have seen a little bit of softness in the season from some cohorts that have indicated affordability was a concern in their participation and it wasn’t just candy it was some other seasonal categories including decoration, costumes et cetera. But we are out there building aggressive displays, the product is out there and we are continuing to drive to deliver our expectation for the season
Max Gumport: Thanks very much. I’ll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. 
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Just I was wondering if you could catch us up on Cocoa. Obviously, we see the market rates or the spot rates. But you've always done, I think it's anything from three to 18 or maybe even more months of hedging and contracting. And, can you just give us a sense of maybe what, if anything, you expect the market to do, how you're positioned relative to that? I know the pricing question came up a little bit earlier and you haven't announced anything, but is there any reason to believe that you would have any different approach than normal where if it remains an elevated source of pressure, you could take the pricing to cover it? Just some thoughts on how all that looks from your seat?
Steve Voskuil: Sure, I'd be happy to do that. On the Cocoa side, our policies haven't changed. You reference the hedging horizon and those fundamentals haven't changed. I would say as we sit here today, we probably have less visibility on a full year 2024 pricing locked in that we might have had in prior years. And some of that is driven by the high pricing right now. But we're staying very close to the market and of course that influences other parts of the strategy as you mentioned like pricing. From the pricing standpoint, as Michele said, there's also nothing fundamentally has changed there in our strategy. Pricing is one -- tool and there's a lot of ways to deliver pricing and there's productivity and other things in the P&L that also have to be part of that equation. So I would say there's nothing off the table, but as we come back in 2024 and give guidance, we'll be able to give more color. And by then we'll also have another picture on where the cocoa market is headed. We talked a little bit in the last call that there is some divergence between, what we see in pricing and some of the underlying fundamentals. And we still have an aspiration at some point that that will normalize. But to the extent it doesn't, we thought that earlier this year, and it didn't play out that way. But every quarter that goes by, we get more visibility, and that will inform how we think about the pricing question.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And just to follow up on buybacks, you mentioned you didn't have any in the quarter. Obviously, the stock has been more attractively valued from a buyback perspective. How do you think about that going forward? Is there, how are you saving for M&A or is buyback something you might ramp back up?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. It is attractively priced. I agree with you. And so as we think about our capital allocation principles, share of purchase always plays role. We are looking at it closely again as we talk next year and how we're going to allocate capital. You can imagine that's going to play a role and we'll continue to watch what's happening on the stock price and other calls for capital. I will say, we're coming off a pretty big year of capital spending this year. It's not going to look like that next year and so that is going to allow some more cash flow to deploy to other uses. So we'll keep that in mind as we think about 2024.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Hi, Pam.
Pamela Kaufman: We've seen consumer demand soften across categories, including for chocolate, as you mentioned in the prepared remarks. You also pointed to your outlook for demand elasticity to continue to return to normalized levels, but historically the chocolate category has exhibited relatively limited demand elasticity. So can you talk about how you're thinking about demand going forward in Q4 and for next year?
Michele Buck: Sure. So, I would say we're certainly continue to feel good about our category and the price realization potential in our category as we have had over the years. We focused a lot on the value equation, investing in our business and our brands to keep that strong. At the same time, we're also cognizant that, it is a different time today. We know that value and affordability continue to be top of mind for consumers as budgets are stretched, some less government assistance, the restart of student loan repayments, higher interest rates. So we've heard from consumers that they're needing to make difficult choices. So we are certainly focused on that, and making sure that we're really focused on our value equation in terms of selling to value channels, having the right opening price points, et cetera. Food has been more resilient than some other categories but we know that some of the Snap households are reporting that they're eating and buying left. So we're very cognizant of that. And we've also seen some increase in sales in some of the perimeter categories where there's been deflation versus some of the inflationary categories. That said, where we focus on, where are the growth levers that we can continue to drive, to engage consumers and that is having the right levels and the right media targeting approach to continue to keep our brands relevant. But with both the media and the creative, we know that that's important. We didn't have as much innovation this year as we think was ideal on the business, and we've really stepped that up for next year. Feel great about Reese's Caramel in particular, and we'll share some of the other innovation that's coming as we go down the pike. Seasons continues to be a big piece of our business and winning during those seasons, getting that merchandising and it is a time where there's a lot of emotional connectivity with consumers. So it's a natural time for them to come in the category. And we continue to have distribution opportunities, both in terms of some places where we were short on capacity. And we had to pull back on some core items that we're now going to be able to supply as well as some of the innate distribution opportunities that we have on the Salty business. So those are some of the places that we're focused on to really drive growth.
Pamela Kaufman: Thanks. And for my follow-up, just wanted to talk about the competitive dynamics in the Salty Snack segment and within Popcorn, specifically that you highlighted, what do you, what are you observing in the segment? And how are you addressing these competitive pressures?
Michele Buck: Yes. So I'd start by saying that we have seen some softening in Salty Snacks overall. Volumes held fairly steady throughout the quarter. But growth decelerated as pricing lessened. And there was also some growth that shifted to non-measured channels. Again, we know that affordability and value are of increasing importance to consumers. And we're also seeing them really prioritize some of the more satiating snacks. So as we look at our business, certainly, we're seeing a lot of strength in Pretzels in the category as well as our Dot's distribution opportunities. And as we look at ready-to-eat Popcorn, certainly, we do know that consumers are focused a little bit more on satiety. And we've had some retailers focus on private label and merchandising in particular. As we go into next year, certainly, we'll be focused on productivity in the category. We know that some of the branded items have greater productivity and making sure we're working with retailers on taking full advantage of that continuing to invest in those brands to really grow household penetration and connectivity with consumers. And then certainly, as we look at this year, S4 impacted some of our ability to execute and really lean in as we had to focus on pulling back a bit on support on the business during Q3 and Q4, to enable that build that we needed in inventory and just to make sure that we could move through that very smoothly, and that will be a headwind for us next year.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So I guess, I have two questions, and it's kind of more related to, I don't know, the momentum in the business, I guess, and what we should be reading from the fourth quarter in the implied guidance. So I guess two areas if you could touch on them. One is, if we look at the revenue guidance, and I think in the press release, you talked a little bit about in Confection, in North America Confection shipment timing help a little bit. So just if you're thinking about the revenue guidance being held, is that, is what happened in 3Q versus the pull forward or however you want to describe it, is that just purely timing shipment? Or is it a reflection at all that is kind of the softness in every day had an impact as well in terms of the way you're thinking about revenue outlook. So I don't know, is the category or the business kind of slowing more than you thought? And then maybe, Steve, if you can touch on same thing implied margins for the fourth quarter kind of lower in 4Q versus 3Q. So can you just touch on that? And is that somewhat a reflection of the potential for margin degradation? Or again, is this just more timing? So you can kind of touch on those two things, would be helpful. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. We have to do. So I'll start with the sales side. So the biggest driver between Q3 and Q4, and Michele said it before, was seasonal timing. We have a big seasonal timing benefit in Q3 at some at the expense of Q4. Now Q4 also has seasons. We've got Holiday as a big factor and maybe even some early Easter shipments potentially. But Holiday is not as big as Halloween. And so just from a seasonal impact, that's one of the factors. We've kind of modeled historic elasticity. So we saw some of that coming in, in Q3, and we've modeled that more fully into Q4. And, we also have a slight inventory headwind on sales. So those are some of the drivers. I would say, as I think about the guide on sales for the full year, and I guess the implied Q4 around 8%. I would say there's probably less likely to be upside to that number. And if some of the risks would persist, we've got a lot of mitigating actions, but if some of those risks would persist, it's probably more likely to be around to the lower side than around to the high side of guide on the top line. On the margin side, yes, a couple it sort of reverses some of the benefits that we had in Q3. So you're losing some of the fixed cost absorption benefits that we had in Q3 with the higher volume. So we've got a little bit less pricing coming through in the fourth quarter that has an impact and then a more difficult lap also as part of that. So nothing structurally different in Q4, but reversal of some of those benefits that we saw in Q3, just manifesting themselves in Q4.
Bryan Spillane: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi. A couple of questions, please. One is, since the inflation you're facing is largely in cocoa, it would think, one would think that like the chocolate category would have to raise prices much higher than other snacking categories. Michele, when you think about how that would affect chocolate category elasticity, do you have to factor that in? Do consumers make pricing, choose chocolate over other snacks. Do they have pricing as part of that algorithm or not?
Michele Buck: Yes. So certainly, people are making choices across snack categories. And one of the things that we do factor in is kind of looking at cross category price elasticity, in our models. So that's always the case. I think the past two years, in particular, have just been a little bit unique in terms of what's going on in the marketplace overall. Inflation and pricing. So seeing some different dynamics there.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then one quick follow-up. You mentioned some headwinds related to, I think, the ERP timing and shipments for the first half of 2024. I think you said headwinds, but sometimes you ship ahead of ERP conversion. So can, Steve, can you be a little more specific as to how to think about shipment movement in the first half of next year?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. And we'll talk more about this when we give the 2024 guide too, including the inventory build and the takeout. But yes, you're right, it's more of a sales movement in first. So there's some inventory build we'll do in advance to risk mitigate just like we did for Salty here. And then we would expect to see that bleed out in the second quarter, mostly in the second quarter. So there'll probably be some higher sales or higher inventory build and some fixed cost absorption on the front end and then the reversal of that in Q2. And there'll be some costs. We'll talk more about the cost profiling, some of that we take through, the regular P&L and some of that gets non-GAAPed out, but we'll give more clarity to that as we give 2024 guidance.
Michele Buck: And that's similar to what we saw, what we've experienced on Salty this year. where in Q3, we have the inventory build and then Q4, it starts to bleed out, work out.
Robert Moskow: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Carey: Hi good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Chris Carey: Just a quick question on Salty as well. I guess one is near term. One is more medium term. Has anything changed about how you view the category over time given the slowdown? And then can you just maybe be a bit more specific about why consumption trends should improve? Is it really just lapping comps, increased promotional activity after Q4? I know you're not doing it in Q4, but maybe more the kind of two to four-quarter trajectory and why things get better? So just what's changed your thinking of the category, if anything, over the medium term and that two to four quarter kind of dynamic on improvement?
Michele Buck: Yes. So, I don't have any different views on the category. Snacking continues to be very strong consumer behavior, and I love our portfolio of having a very strong leadership presence in both Indulgent Snacking and Confection as well as participating in savory snacking, especially with the brands that we've acquired that have very strong consumer engagement and growth potential. So continue to feel very good about those. I think relative to the trends improving, we can't talk really about 2024. We'll come back and talk a bit about that more. But we continue to feel that we'll see similar trends in Q4 as we've seen in Q3 relative to takeaway. I mean, some differences in shipments related to S4 because the inventory will now be coming out. We built inventory in Q3. So from a shipment perspective, we'll see that difference. But from a takeaway perspective, we anticipate a continuation of what we saw in Q3.
Chris Carey: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. A question on seasons, there's been a lot of discussion about seasons on the call. I wonder how, can you remind us what percent of your business in Confection is from seasons? And it feels like you've won in seasons in recent years. Can you just give us a sense of how much of your growth in Confection has come from seasons in recent years?
Michele Buck: Yes. So, Seasons is between 25% and 30% of our total business on a full year basis. It varies by quarter. Obviously, Q4, we have Halloween and Holiday. So it's a much bigger percent then and of our growth, probably about the same proportion of our growth, about a third in the back half of this year.
David Palmer: And then just looking ahead to 2024, wondering how you're thinking about Seasons growth in an answer to a previous question, you talked about how Seasons would be helped by capacity. You just have more ability to fulfill demand? But, and I'm wondering how you would marry that with what you're seeing from retailers and perhaps even the consumer and how you're seeing the consumers respond to existing Halloween, how you think about Seasons in 2024? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we think our Seasons business will be very solid in 2024. One of the key things to anticipating the next year is always realizing what your sell-through is on each current year season. So we need to get through Halloween to see what that sell-through turns out to be. We have, as mentioned earlier, a few more days about a week that we need to be able to look at that and then obviously have strong sell-through in holiday. So we need those data points, but we feel good based on where we are to date, but we'll have a better feel afterwards. The other thing that will impact 2024 is there will be a shorter Easter depending on where the date falls. And this year, Easter in 2024, I think, is March 29. So it's on the shorter side, which creates a shorter season and a little bit of pressure perspective, it just won't be as large as in years with a long season.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So I guess two questions. The short-term one is really about market share trends. I know that they've been weak in chocolate in the U.S. recently. I think the hope was that against an easy comp on Halloween that things might start to turn the corner sooner rather than later. But do you think we're going to have to wait until the beginning of next year to really see that improvement with improved innovation? And then I have a follow-up.
Michele Buck: So from a short-term perspective, to-date, our data suggests we are winning share of Halloween. So we are pleased with that and feeling good about that. As it relates to the everyday business, there we will need to wait until 2024 to see improvement, driven by some of our stronger innovation that will really help the everyday business.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. And then on the follow-up, the GLP-1 question, which we're all chatting about out here. I know it's too early to tell how big it's going to get probably not having a big impact today because there's, too few U.S. adults on these drugs right now. But today, how do you plan for different scenarios on that. Obviously, adult consumption versus kids is going to be different, low sugar versus full sugar items portion control. How are you thinking about planning for that scenario as it unfolds given that it's early days. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. I mean I think you've captured it correctly. It certainly is very early days. We don't believe the GLP-1s are having a material impact on our business at this point in time. And I think we all know there's a lot of data coming out. There's still so many unknowns regarding the rate of adoption the impact on food choices, the medium- to longer-term impacts on consumers, and we're doing more work constantly to understand those future potential impacts on our categories. We have a robust planning and forecasting process, and we try and factor in all of those consumer behavior changes that we're observing, inclusive of GLP-1s and thinking through all of those right strategies that will be important for us if they do increase in adoption. One thing we feel particularly good of is the emotional nature of our categories and our brands and the role that they play in moments of celebration, Joy as you think about the Seasons but we will continue to adapt our portfolio as we have over time to make sure that we are providing consumers with what they're looking for, whether it's the products, the ingredients, the innovation, certainly, there are opportunities around portion size and pack type. And I think a lot of companies have been focused on that as you think about the potential impact of GLP-1s. And then certainly, we're always looking at opportunistic M&A as well as we have in the past.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much. Michele, I think in the prepared remarks and you mentioned it previously, you've commented on products, I guess, on the perimeter of the store. I'm assuming where you're kind of speaking to kind of more fresh bakery and you also spoke to kind of more satiating foods. By the -- on the Salty Snacks side, you commented on snacks right?
Michele Buck: Right.
Rob Dickerson: Is this, is this all kind of around the price point demand? Are you just trying to basically find more value at an appropriate price. And therefore, even though you let's say, you need a candy bar now you're on a cupcakes. Just trying to figure out exactly what you're speaking to? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. That is what it's about. It is about the value equation. And certainly, we do see in times where consumers are really struggling a bigger focus on kind of the gut fill, the bang for the buck in terms of filling you up. And we've seen that and heard that from, especially from lower-income consumers before. So yes, that focus on society, where we're seeing categories like Pretzels, Meat Snacks, Tortilla Chips, some of the things that are more filling, behave more strongly from a category perspective and something aerated like a rice cake or cheese puff or ready-to-eat popcorn. So yes, it is about that value for the book. Now the other thing, in addition to things like cupcakes that we did see, we did see some increase in fruit consumption, and there was not a lot of inflation in fresh produce like that. So I think there was a value perception there as well.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Makes sense. Thank you. And then just quickly, International segment. Slowed somewhat materially, especially on the volume side. And I know you called out kind of a competitive dynamic, the moderation in category growth. If you kind of optically, at least when we see the numbers in Q3 relative to the year ago and vis-à-vis what we saw in Q2. It does seem like it's almost somewhat sudden and I don't know if I'm missing something. So maybe if you could just explain what that drop is and maybe it's fully defined by just the shift in the non-U.S. holidays? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes. So there was definitely the shift in the non-U.S. holidays with Diwali in India coming a little bit later. The other big thing was the rationalization of our beverage business in Mexico, which I'm not sure that we've talked as extensively about, but we had a small drink business, maybe not that small in Mexico. It was sizable for Mexico. Not highly profitable and in our continuous efforts to make sure that we are focused on the best opportunities and putting our resources against those best opportunities. We made the decision to discontinue that drink business. So that did have a meaningful impact in the range of three to four points from a top line perspective and we really first started experiencing that in Q3. We will lap for a year, have that be an impact, but it was a minimal impact on profitability because it just wasn't a highly profitable business.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Super. Thank you so much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: Maybe first off, Michele. I just wanted to come back to the market share in chocolate, because we're seeing in the Nielsen data, their share gains accruing on an accelerating basis for premium brands and even private label, which is pretty unusual. And it's coming at the expense of the more mass price offerings. To what extent do you think the strategy needs to respond more broadly to these shifts, be it through more promotion, maintaining a larger brand investment for longer? It sounds as though your view is it's more of an innovation timing issue that reverses out next year to your benefit. But is there a chance that a larger pricing or promo pivot might be required going forward?
Michele Buck: So as we look at the market share overall in confection, certainly, we've had a negative impact from category mix with faster growth in refreshments and sweets. And with the incremental capacity we've added going to be able to unlock more of the potential for us on share within sweets. The innovation that we've talked about, in addition to helping the everyday business innovation drives merch and so that's going to be very helpful in terms of helping promo. And then also we're working through the one retailer partnering very strongly to make sure that we can adhere to some of their direction and at the same time, make sure that we're recognizing the impulsive and expandable nature of our category and making sure that we have the right plans to take that into account. We have continued to invest in our brands, and we will continue to going forward. So at this point in time, I wouldn't say that we're anticipating a very large, substantial change in our investment levels. We have strong levels in trade and consumer on the margin, we are always open to adjusting those as we see fit. And we also are really focused on making sure that the allocation is as strong as it possibly can be between trade and between media as we look holistically. We haven't seen a big, huge increase, frankly, in premium, a bit of an increase in private label, but it continues to be a very small part of the category.
John Baumgartner: Okay. And I guess just following that line of thought with the just merchandising adjustment at the retailer. You mentioned it wasn't confined to Confectionery, but I mean Confectionery is also pretty valuable to retailers for profit and velocity. Do you have a sense for which categories benefited from this adjustment? It just seems odd this happens ahead of the holidays given the importance of the category and then your own innovation and capacity ramping next year. I mean, I don't know how surprising that decision was for you, but I'm just sort of curious like what, who sort of benefited from this change? Do you have any sense?
Michele Buck: So no category really benefited, because it was an overall reduction in merchandising. So it was more of a focus on consumer experience for more open aisles and also to enable growth and support of omni-channel and the digital business from a picking of products. So we are counting on trying to drive and the retailer counting on increases in everyday velocity to be enough to offset that. And we're certainly partnering really closely to make sure we have all the right programs and plans jointly to jointly drive the category, as you mentioned, it's highly profitable. It is expandable consumption and there is an impulsive opportunity. So we continue to work hard to drive that.
John Baumgartner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Salera with Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Salera: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing us in. Can you maybe offer some commentary around the dots distribution, gaining permanent distribution at club? I know very attractive kind of value proposition for consumers. Is there a lot of bigger wins like that on the table? And does this help you kind of accelerate the value proposition when you go to retailers to say that you can have it in a large concept?
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean I think it helps us in terms of household penetration because we are still in the process of building the household penetration on that brand. Frankly, the business is quite big given the relatively nascent household distribution. So Club is always a great venue to get that. And we continue to have some distribution opportunity on the Pretzel business overall. So we continue to be excited by that and excited that the velocities have held up pretty well despite those increases in distribution. And we also have some opportunities for select innovation. We introduced Cinnamon Sugar, which has been a great hit in the marketplace as well.
Jim Salera: Great. And then maybe if you can offer some commentary just given that Dot's seems to be insulated from some of the demand elasticity that maybe we've seen in some of the other more premium Salty offerings. What is it about Dot's? Is it just their core kind of consumer is higher income or they just have a really on-trend offering? What is it that seems that they've been able to be insulated compared to some of the other more premium Salty offerings?
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean I think one of the biggest things we've seen from our consumer work is the society of the category. It's a very satiating snack. It's very filling. And therefore, even though it is a premium product and some of the price points are high, it delivers on that value equation with very strong society. And I would say it certainly is a very differentiated product.
Jim Salera: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Ms. Melissa Poole for closing comments.
Melissa Poole: Thank you all so much for joining us this morning, and we look forward to catching up with you in the coming days and weeks. Have a great rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to The Hershey Company Second Quarter 2023 Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company’s second quarter 2023 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our prerecorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today’s live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today’s Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company’s future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today’s press release and the company’s SEC filings. Finally, please note we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning’s press release. Joining me today are Hershey’s Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey’s Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the Operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much, and good morning, everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. I want to ask a bit about the pricing versus volume commentary regarding the full year sales growth outlook. And the comments sounds like you expect price to be a bit better in the second half and maybe volume is a bit worse than originally planned. So just two questions on this. First, how do we think about the balance between the two in the second half and could volume be down year-over-year in 2H? And then more specifically on volume, is the weaker than anticipated volume fully due to just the new pricing actions or are you reflecting a tougher consumer or a competitive environment in that outlook or both? Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I am happy to take that one, Andrew. Your math is right. That’s the way we are looking at it. And the price piece, it really is driven or the volume impact really is driven by the extra price impact as we look at the back half. And as we look at volume in the back half, yes, year-over-year, we expect it to be down. But it really is price driven. There’s probably a very small portion attributable to the salty misstep in Q2, but the vast majority is just the reaction to price.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Great. Thanks so much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions. Bryan, could you check if yourself muted please.
Melissa Poole: All right. Let’s come back to Bryan.
Operator: Okay. Our next questions come from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thanks so much. You have done a great job obviously implementing pricing to offset inflation, but cocoa and sugar are up a lot more. I know you can’t talk about pricing that hasn’t been announced to the trade yet. But is it reasonable to think that you are maybe considering another list price increase and at what point do you start to ask how high is too high, how do you think about elasticity in the consumer in that environment? I just wanted to get a sense for kind of the puts and takes as you think about how to deal with and manage maybe what continues to be an inflationary environment for you?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. I mean, you are right. Cocoa and sugar are historically high. I think I saw a news article this morning talking about cocoa being at a 12-year high on the New York Exchange. The good news is we have got experience managing through commodity rushes up and down. And so as we talked about in the past, as we look at dealing with that, price is a lever, but it’s not the only lever. And so we look at driving more productivity, driving efficiency through other parts of the P&L, and in general, driving revenue management is part of our ongoing strategy. And so all the usual levers will be applied, and as I said, it’s not the first time we have had to deal with something like this. So we are pretty good at being able to navigate, and you are right, we are not going to get more specific than that at this stage.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. And then just on the comment about increased competitive, I guess, innovation in confectionery in North America. How incremental is the innovation that you are seeing, any real surprises in there versus your prior expectations? It’s been such a -- I don’t want to say a benign competitive environment, because, obviously, you have some tough players in the market, but is it getting more intense than what you would have expected, I guess, is what I am going for there?
Michele Buck: Yeah. So I would say the innovation is up off of a relatively low base. So it’s having an impact based on that. I think many folks have been focused, certainly, we have been focused a lot on execution and meeting demand for the past few years and focused on the core with innovation not playing as big of a role. And I think now we are just seeing competitors in the marketplace start to dial up the innovation more back to historic levels, and as we go forward, that’s certainly an area that we are going to be focused on as we are continuing to increase capacity at the same time.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your questions.
Max Gumport: Hi. Thanks for the question. With regard to the increased chocolate capacity this year and the additional co-manufacturing capacity secured in sweets for next year? Is there any way you can help us dimensionalize how sizable those capacity increases are, just as we try to get a sense of how impactful these additions could be for volumes in the second half and also in 2024? Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. We -- I think we have said in the past that if you took a look at the capacity that we have coming online this year that’s already gone into place and then what’s coming in the back half, and look kind of year-over-year, you are somewhere in the 5% range of the incremental capacity across chocolate and sweets.
Max Gumport: Great. Thanks very much.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Lavery: Hi. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: You have got the integration in salty snacks and the transition to SAP that you have been talking about and those never seem to be totally smooth or easy, you mentioned there’s some hiccups that you have seen. But can you just maybe give a little sense of what those look like in a little more detail, and specifically with an eye on just having a sense of what’s to come, what have you learned and how confident are you that the rest of the year can avoid some of those hiccups or just be even smoother still?
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, I would say overall, certainly, one of our key focuses as we planned for this year, was that at the enterprise level really focusing on the stellar execution. We planned the business in a way to assume that we would be trying to front-load performance knowing that there are always hiccups in the execution and so in Q4 we do expect to see volumes be down and we put that in our plans. The teams are all over it. It is a focused effort, not just within IT, but across every functional area of the salty business. And so far we have been doing pretty well on salty with household penetration growing, repeat frequency, strong sales. We did have the promotional shift into Q3. We feel good about being able to execute that. But we feel like we are well geared up to be able to execute that. That said, we certainly do believe that there will be volatility in the back half of the year with the ups and downs that’s forward.
Michele Buck: Okay. That’s helpful. And just back to pricing, you have got delays in some of the timing between the announcement and implementation, and then the seasons, of course, have a staggered effect and with just some of the maybe layers to it. Can you give a sense of just what you have announced already or put in place already has as an impact on 2024? It looks like at least the low single-digit, maybe my math, I guesses or estimates close to it, 3 points that you might already have in hand. Is that about right or what are some of the moving parts, just so we have kind of a little bit further look ahead of what’s already put in place?
Michele Buck: So we have high single digits in the second half of this year and as we look to 2024, low single-digit pricing.
Michael Lavery: And just to clarify, that’s without any other -- that would be before there’s anything else that might still be to come, right?
Michele Buck: That’s what we have announced.
Michael Lavery: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Pamela Kaufman: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: Your advertising spend was up 15% this quarter, which is an acceleration from Q1. Given the better-than-expected performance in gross margins for the year and what you are seeing in the competitive and demand environment, are there any changes to your plans for marketing spend for this year relative to before?
Steve Voskuil: No fundamental changes. We had expected this year to be a year to invest in brands, and again, as we have capacity coming online and leaning into seasons, especially if we get to the back half, a significant increase in brand investment was planned and we are executing to that plan.
Michele Buck: And also as mentioned, we were working to really front-load more of our salty planning because of S/4. So our plans accounted for that as well.
Pamela Kaufman: And then just in the prepared remarks, there are comments about some private label launches in your Salty Snacks categories. You are generally in categories that face very little private label competition, but considering the launches that you alluded to. Just curious to hear how you are thinking about managing private label competition in your categories and how you are addressing it?
Michele Buck: Yeah. So, certainly, there is a bit more private label in salty than in CMG. But we have considered -- we have continued to see that, while private label has ticked up a bit, our brands have continued to remain quite strong and do incredibly well. And as we look at private label, even within the confection category, while there has been increased activity there, it’s remained a very small part of the category less than 3% and the entries we have seen in the marketplace this year are still relatively small. So we don’t take our leadership for granted. We certainly continue to invest in our brands to make sure that our propositions are strong. But we feel very well about how we are competing right now in the marketplace on that.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Nik Modi: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I was…
Michele Buck: Good morning, Nik.
Nik Modi: Good morning. I was hoping you could just kind of address the Halloween season as it relates to some of your competitors still struggling with supply chain and have cut back their orders. I am just curious, do you -- how can you take advantage of this, do you have visibility at this point in terms of maybe securing some of that missed opportunity by some of your competitors? Just wanted to get some clarity on how you think about that as it relates to the third quarter?
Michele Buck: Yeah. So we are expecting a very strong Halloween. We know that customers are planning big displays and we are certainly participating in that and as well have strong marketing support to consumers planned as well. So we have certainly taken an approach of leaning into Halloween. We feel good that there will be plenty of candy out there. So feeling good about that. As we look at overall in the back half as it relates to market share, we think that there will be a stable approach overall, but some pressure on everyday despite some of our strengths around the seasons.
Nik Modi: Great. And then if I could just clarify, in terms of the execution issues in Salty Snacks, what exactly happened, so you talked about systems changeover, but can you just provide just the details on exactly like what the problem was?
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, I’d say, two key things. One is we had some promotions that we had planned to occur in Q2 that shifted to Q3 and then we have had some just basic issues as we have been bringing together all of those businesses that you would expect during a transition like that around sales and commercial and supply chain execution. So things just weren’t as connected as they needed to be. We feel very good that the team is on it and focused on it and execution is something that we tend to do very well, so we have a lot of confidence in our ability to focus and get that back around. That said, of course, the back half of the year, as we have mentioned, is going to be -- have a lot of volatility that’s really tied to as we build inventory and then work through the implementation and anticipate that we will have lighter sales in the fourth quarter as a result of that, but we have confidence in our ability to fix the execution.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks so much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask, first of all, about market share trends in U.S. chocolate? It sounds as though capacity constraints and other issues have caused some of those declines. Do you have a view as to when those market share trends should start to improve and turn positive again?
Michele Buck: So we expect to continue to see pressure in the back half of the year. We believe that we will start to see some improvement, but there are a couple of things that are really impacting share. So one certainly is around category mix, with refreshment and sweets being stronger than we had anticipated. Chocolate should improve and we are focused on increasing our level of innovation to be even more competitive and we will be in a better position to do that as we continue to have more capacity come online.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then as a…
Michele Buck: We have increment in REIT [ph]. Yeah. Go ahead.
Alexia Howard: I am sorry. No. I was going to say, moving on to Salty Snacks, you talked about a double-digit decline, I think, in the fourth quarter because of the transformation. Is that choppiness expected to persist into 2024?
Steve Voskuil: No.
Michele Buck: No.
Steve Voskuil: Not at this stage. Really it’s just -- Q3 we will be getting ready and building inventory for the switchover, Q4 will be the switchover and the recovery. So by the time we get to the first quarter, we would expect to be back on -- back or very close to a regular glide path. Yeah.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Matt Smith with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt Smith: Hi. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Matt Smith: Steve, I wanted to dig in a little bit on gross margin. You had a really solid first half with margin expansion up near 100 basis points and you again increased the margin expectations for the year. So could you talk about the drivers of margin expansion relative to your initial expectations and what’s weighing on the expansion in the second half relative to the performance in the first half. Is that tougher comparisons in relation to the balance of pricing and inflation or are there other factors at play, like, increased promotion?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah. We are pleased with the gross margin performance through the first half and we have had a few things, I think, that have broken our way. We have seen less inflation in things like packaging and logistics and even some material costs. Our productivity progress has been strong. I think we feel really good about where we are at the midyear mark on productivity, and then, of course, we have had pricing drop through. So all of those have worked in our favor and will continue to some degree as we go to the back half. If you look at the back half, taking the volume impact, we are going to have some more fixed cost absorption impact that will be a little bit of a weight. And again, we have got hedging against commodities, but still from a year-over-year and beginning of the year, end of year perspective, we still have a bit more cost for some of the inflationary commodities, cocoa and sugar, smaller weights, and again, smoothed out by hedging, but still some impact. Those would probably be the two biggest drags as we look to the back half. But again, overall, I still feel confident in taking our guidance up and the team is doing a nice job managing the cost side.
Matt Smith: Thank you for that. And just as a follow-up, if I understood what you were saying about the second half. There should be a nice gross margin benefit in the third quarter as you build inventory with retailers ahead of the cutover in Salty Snacks, is that right?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. Yeah. We will get some benefit. Again, salty is not the biggest business, but we will get some absorption benefit as we build inventory in salty. Yeah.
Matt Smith: Okay. Thanks for that. I will pass it on.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Cody Ross with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Cody Ross: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. A couple of housekeeping ones and then a longer term one in nature. First one, I think, you spoke about inventory headwinds in the quarter. I think they were lapping the inventory replenishment last year and the pull forward of sales into 1Q from 2Q. Is that correct, and if so, can you quantify each one for us?
Steve Voskuil: It is correct. In terms of breaking out the pieces. There’s about 300 basis points we attribute to the last and about 150-basis-point shift relative to Q1 order of magnitude.
Cody Ross: Great. Thank you. Other housekeeping question, just as far as the 4Q, I think, you guys said that, sales should be down double digits in the salty business due to the ERP implementation. Can you just quantify that for us or give us an expectation for magnitude? And then just one last one.
Steve Voskuil: In terms of dollars or...
Cody Ross: Yeah. The dollars that you are expecting from the implementation.
Melissa Poole: Yeah. As we get that...
Michele Buck: Yeah. No. That’s a double-digit decline. So we not going to go any more specific than that.
Cody Ross: Understood. And then last question, just on the competitive environment. There’s been a lot of news in the headlines lately about private label and other branded competitors becoming more competitive. What are you seeing in competitive -- in the competitive environment? I know you said you have seen branded players pick up more innovation, besides that, are you seeing any step-up in promotions and what’s kind of your expectation going forward? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, I’d say, the categories that we are in have always been very competitive. But the good thing is we have rational competitors. And what we are seeing overall, I’d say, is pretty consistent with what we have seen historically. We have seen some higher levels of innovation as supply chains have gotten stronger and people have been able to support innovation. We have seen some increases in private label, I think, with the economic environment in both confection and in salty. But frankly, the results of those entries have been somewhat mixed, and certainly, our brands have held up really well. We continue to focus on driving sustainable profitable growth. As it relates to infection and promotional activity, display has always been important for that impulse-driven category and so we didn’t see as much of the change in promotion as perhaps some other categories have seen. So that’s been much more stable for us and we anticipate we will continue to going forward. So we will continue to invest robustly to drive our brands with innovation, marketing support, what we think is the right level of promotion.
Cody Ross: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Jason English: Hey, folks. Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. Couple of questions.
Michele Buck: Hi.
Jason English: First, on Salty Snacks, promotion shift, it seems odd, usually promotions are locked in well-advanced retailers. So was this an issue of you actually not having a promotion your planned for like at this time was your sales and finance functions or did a retailer actually cancel activity on you?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah.
Michele Buck: Yeah. Retailers did not cancel activity on us, but it was really our choice to move a promotion. So that piece is that. And then relative to our broader execution issues, we had some temporary out of stocks. We go to market differently with dots than we do with SkinnyPop and the team quickly adjusted and we have seen our service levels improve. So we don’t expect to see that kind of impact in the second half.
Jason English: Okay. So you canceled promotional activity on your retailer. Is that because of supply constraints or what drove that decision?
Michele Buck: No. We have really shifted to investing a promotion in the third quarter that we thought made a lot of sense in advance of S/4. It was a big opportunity for us.
Jason English: Okay. Switching gears, kind of coming back to Mr. Goldman’s line of question earlier, I had a couple of other lines of question on competitive activity. Your release has a tremendous amount of focus on market share and rather than driving category growth and we have seen the category actually weakened quite a bit in recent data. It’s a two-part question. First, what do you attribute the accelerating volume declines in chocolate confection to be driven by? And second, are you incenting organization on share and assuming you are based on the heavy emphasis in the release and prepared comments, how do you manage the risk of us getting back to where we were five years, six years, seven years ago, where it was sort of you always duking it out promoting away value in the category rather than what has been a much more, I would say, constructive competitive environment we have seen over the last couple of years?
Michele Buck: Yeah. Well, as we look at the category, certainly, we have had significant pricing in the category. We have 20% price, and over time, we should see some moderation and the volume decline should moderate as well. So, certainly, price has played a factor. I would say we are always focused on driving the category, as well as market share, because being the category leader, we know if we drive the category we stand to have some of the greatest benefits. So we certainly don’t approach this as duking it out, but rather, how do we continue to connect with consumers and partner with our retail customers to maximize what’s going to be best to drive the overall business in category?
Steve Voskuil: And we have got a lot more tools and sophistication today to look at the ROIs for how we are deploying things like promotion and there’s no intent to get into an arms race of bad returning investments like that. We will have -- we want to win with innovation, which we talked about in the remarks not just spending.
Melissa Poole: Yeah. I think, Jason, if it helps a little, too. We had the past, call it, two months or so, multiple price increases, three different price increases hitting retailers at the same time, which is kind of what drove that 20% Michele mentioned as kind of some of we were at the tail end of lapping some and some new ones we are going in. So we would expect that pricing number to come down and with that the volume declines to moderate as well. So in the next couple of months we would expect that to normalize a bit.
Jason English: Okay. And I am going to cheat with one quick follow-up related to that question. But to my point on how are you been sending the organization, your sales force in particular, is the market share component to the bonus or is it just deliver the revenue?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. Today market share is not a component of most bonuses, it’s about delivering the revenue, but we have other metrics around quality of delivery and how it’s delivered and where...
Melissa Poole: Sales activity based margins that enable a balance between sales and profitable sales.
Steve Voskuil: That’s right.
Jason English: Got it. That is helpful. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Connor Rattigan with Consumer Edge Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Connor Rattigan: Good morning. Thanks for the question. So I guess as we think about the pricing environment and increasing elasticity going forward, should we view your on capacity is just meeting existing underlying demand or is there may be an opportunity to allocate some of that newfound capacity to take advantage of some strategic revenue management opportunities, such as package resizing or bar weights to drive net price realization going forward?
Michele Buck: Yeah. We have been very focused on strategic revenue management and pack price architecture on both confection and the salty categories. I think a few years ago, we talked about evolving our pricing approach from just list pricing to how we look more holistically at strategic pricing. And in these categories in particular, it’s a big opportunity. We continue to focus there in confection and on salty it’s certainly something that as we acquired these businesses was a real underdeveloped area of opportunity.
Connor Rattigan: Great. Thank you. I will pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. I just have two questions. I just want to circle back to some of the comments you made, Steve, just on cocoa and sugar inflation that Ken asked. It sounds like there clearly are other offset besides pricing that you can act to kind of help alleviate, let’s say, soften some of that pressure over the next two years given your hedging schedule, but clearly, cocoa has also inflated fairly materially over the past few months. I am just curious like when I try to combine the comments from the offsets, but then the comments, I think, or which -- in the prepared remarks about potential more promotional activity next year and all the pricing you have taken is like, do you feel like you are kind of reaching this point such that maybe market share is a little softer, maybe that’s driven by capacity, capacity is coming online or maybe you need to promote, but also maybe you kind of have kind of hit certain price points that you have to be like very careful with at this point on the everyday side of the business and maybe you don’t really want to take more pricing, but if you hadn’t, you would? So I am just trying to get a sense as to like why you wouldn’t want to basically take a little bit more given where the input cost complex is? Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I mean, we will take -- those are all the kind of considerations that we look at when we think about 2024 and beyond. And again, we look at the whole P&L, we look at market share, we look at what competition is doing. And clearly, we look at commodities and where we think they are headed. And so I don’t want to get more specific on the construct of the 2024 plan, but those are the kind of things we will consider. Again, we have navigated this before. We have got a lot of levers at our disposal. Pricing and revenue is reset just one of those levers and it will be interesting to see what happens in the cocoa and sugar market. I do think in those cases there’s still a lot of speculation. And again, our hedging strategy gives us an element of smoothing and protection to a degree to that. But we will be watching to see how these markets hold up, because they are at pretty high levels atypically and it’s not driven by fundamentals to a large degree.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then just quickly, the comment on Halloween should be very strong. Michele, you said plenty of candy, it sounds like Halloween seasonal sales expected to be up double-digit. So I am just curious, like, why do you think Halloween will be so strong this year, number one? And then number two, I think, last year you did have some benefit from early shipments, so I just want to make sure there aren’t quite earlier shipments coming? That’s it. Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Sure. So we get a lot of visibility to the seasons, because we plan with customers in advance relative to needing to build inventory for the season. So we have a lot of good visibility in terms of what is being bought and we have very strong programs to drive sell-through. So that gives us a lot of confidence. We know that during difficult economic times, consumers are particularly interested in enjoying kind of the simple things in life, like these seasons, like Halloween and so that’s another kind of tailwind of focus relative to our conviction and why I think we and our customer partners really want to lean into Halloween.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then on the shipment side, it doesn’t sound like there’s any delta there relative to the year ago?
Steve Voskuil: No.
Michele Buck: No.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Super. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Chris Carey: So just a question kind of clarification around salty. We have seen some deceleration in consumption, namely volume in recent scanner data. And I am just trying to understand and apologies if this has kind of been addressed in some form, but just to clarify. Was any of that because of lack of supply because of a shift in promotional programs? Said another way, as supply ramps in Q3, it sounds like there’s some shift in promotional programs, would you expect the consumption trends? I realize what you are saying about your reported results in Q3 and Q4, but would you expect consumption trends to pick up or is what we are seeing perhaps more indicative of underlying demand? So I just want to maybe understand how you think about the balance of those things?
Michele Buck: Yeah. So promotional declines did drive that deceleration, and yes, we do expect that to pick up in Q3 going forward.
Chris Carey: Okay. That’s helpful enough. Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, Operator. Hey. Good morning, guys.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: So two quick ones for me. One, just a follow-up on elasticity and another one on capital allocation. So first on elasticity, Michele, is there any pronounced differences across channels? So I guess small format immediate consumption versus large box, just anything there to call out in terms of where the -- if there’s any differences in terms of elasticity across those channels or consumption occasions?
Michele Buck: I don’t think that we have seen anything significant across channels. No.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then, Steve, just on capital allocation, I noticed the dividend increase of 15% and that, obviously, makes the dividend more competitive, I guess, with interest rates going up. But just can you remind us, again, as we kind of think about, think over the next couple of years and as capital spending normalizes and again assuming that there’s not some major strategic event that would affect the balance sheet. Just how you are thinking about capital allocation and returning cash to shareholders going forward, and again, would it be more dividends, would share repurchases become a more pronounced piece? Just kind of how you are thinking about that as we think about it over the next couple of years would be helpful? Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah. I’d be happy to. No fundamental changes in our capital allocation philosophy that we talked about back at the Investor Conference. It is a great dividend increase. When you look at that and you look at our target for payout ratio and so on. We are still, even with this increase a little bit behind where we would like to be and where we have been historically. So that just reflects the great earnings progress over the last few years, but pleased with the 15% increase. And you are right, as we look forward, as capital spending moderates off some of the really high spending we have had here recently, we are going to look for other ways to be thoughtful with the capital and returning cash to shareholders through repurchases, for example, is our stop gap when we don’t have better-returning alternatives and so still that’s not going to change.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you for the question. Similar to Bryan about elasticity look slightly different. I want to know if you have seen any differences in elasticity within the portfolio, like, multi-serve bags versus single-serve, especially heading into Halloween, some of those bags can cost $20, $25 at retail. Have you seen any observations in consumer behavior about just the absolute price points affecting demand?
Michele Buck: So nothing material relative to the pack size piece. I mean, what we have tended to see over time is, seasons tend to perform better, to be less elastic and I think that’s just the nature of people are going to participate. So that’s the biggest difference that we see.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So -- and any -- so no real change in like single-serve demand affected by traffic or just the absolute price point of the bars getting up there?
Michele Buck: No.
Robert Moskow: Okay.
Michele Buck: We have not seen.
Robert Moskow: All right. Thank you. Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
David Palmer: Hi. Thanks. At your Analyst Day, you provided guidance of North America Confection organic sales in the low single digits including flattish volume. Could you remind us again of the drivers to sustain that sales growth with low single-digit pricing at flat volume as perhaps competition returns in a more fulsome manner? Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I would say nothing fundamental changing in that algorithm the way we think about the sources of growth for U.S. Confection or the rest of the business. I mean we always expect it to be a competitive category over time and so we are looking at it the same way. There’s nothing that’s happening this quarter or even for the balance of this year that we think fundamentally changes any of that.
David Palmer: Thanks very much.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I’d like to hand the call back over to Ms. Melissa Poole for any closing comments.
Melissa Poole: Yeah. Thanks so much for joining us this morning. I know it was a particularly busy morning of earnings. So thanks for all of the great questions and look forward to catching up with you all later today for any outstanding ones you may have. Have a great day everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2023 Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's first quarter 2023 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre-recorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody. 
Melissa Poole: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Yes. First off, I wanted to ask a little bit about the guidance update on the top-line. The company beat by a few points on the top-line in the quarter. But when we take out the earlier summer shipments, which is really just timing, I guess, results on organic were only slightly ahead of the street view. But Hershey raised its sales growth guidance to the high end of the previous range for the full year. So I guess my question is, what are you seeing at this stage that that gave you the confidence to shift the top-line guidance the way you did? 
Michele Buck: Yeah, thank you, Andrew. Yeah, you're exactly right. For the first quarter, the timing impact was about half of the - half the beat on the sales line and also strong performance in international. So those were the two big drivers and we look to the balance of year. Obviously, the timing is going to wash out in the second quarter, but we do expect to see a little bit better elasticities in the year to go period. We still see a moderating versus some of the strong performance we've seen the last six to nine months.  But a little bit more improvement and we're spaced that a little bit more on media investment that we also have incrementally in the year to go plan. So between, I would say, with the strength we saw in the international business, what we're seeing on the back of improved elasticities a little bit in the year to go period, that's what gives us the confidence in the race, right? 
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks for that. And then, with the pull-forward of some shipments from to Q2 into 1Q, along with the tougher, I guess, year ago organic sales and EPS growth comparisons in 2Q, I guess what are some of the key puts and takes to keep in mind when we're modeling for 2Q? Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Yeah, 2Q will be probably our most challenging quarter. I look to the balance of the year. We're going to have the timing piece shift back out, but then also recall last year it was a big inventory till quarter as well. And so, when you look at the laps, it's pretty tough lap. That combined with that point and a half coming out, we'll put, more to the mid-single digit range, probably from a sales standpoint. And that will put more pressure on the EPS side than the rest of the quarters. 
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Ken Goldman : Hi, good morning. Two questions on capacity, if I could? First, I think your prior guidance, if I had it down right, was for five new lines to come on this year. I think you're calling for some more now. So am I reading that wrong or was one delayed? And then, I'm also curious to learn a little bit more about the Weaver acquisitions just in terms of how they may help you down the road in terms of added capacity or efficiency, obviously, bringing plants in houses is generally a good thing for efficiency. But just in light of the fact that they already did make products for you. Just trying to get a little bit of a better sense of some of the benefits down the road for you. Thank you. 
Melissa Poole : Sure. So there is no change to the number of lines. There are five lines and I think there's one that we just didn't specifically call out in our remarks. So, so no difference there. Relative to Weaver, we feel very good about the acquisition. Weaver manufacturing is currently a come in of SkinnyPop. We acquired two plants and really what it gives us are three things that gives us sufficient capacity to be able to support growth for several years to come. And as you know, we are seeing very strong growth on SkinnyPop. It provides us with resiliency and also flexibility just so that we can continue to support the strong growth that we are seeing. As you know, as you look across our business for strategic categories and businesses that we are in, we do like to have at least some degree of own manufacturing across our network.  And we also feel pretty good about the investment return at the investments that we made. We believe, given the quality of the assets, the fact that facilities are on the newer side that it is faster and cheaper than if we needed to build this on our own. 
Ken Goldman : Thank you. 
Melissa Poole : Sure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cody Ross with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
Cody Ross: Good morning. Thank you for taking our question. You're implementing a high-single-digit price increase on 50% of your confection portfolio effective at the end of May. I believe that's correct what you announced at the Analyst Day. How much do you believe will benefit fiscal ‘23 versus fiscal ‘24? And can you explain the mechanics of the benefit by the year? 
Michele Buck: Yeah, at the high level it's going to have, as we talked about in the Investor Conference more impact in ‘24 than it is in ’23. That’s based on partly the implementation date and then also the fact that we have protection in place for big promotions and programming for a good part of the year. And we're still working with retailers on the implementation.  And so, all of that will continue. I think, by the time we get to the mid-year mark, I have more visibility both on balance of ‘23 and ‘24 impacts that we’ll be able to talk more about it at that time. 
Cody Ross: Great. Thank you. And then, just a quick question on gross margin. Your gross margin came in higher than both yours and the street’s expectation this quarter. You raised your outlook to expansion of 70 to 80 basis points for the year. What gives you confidence to raise your outlook this early in the year, especially in context of your retail Partners, who are struggling to expand gross margin this year based on their guidance? Thank you. 
Michele Buck: Yeah thank you. Yeah, it is early in the year I think, in general, we probably wouldn’t look at raising our guidance top-line or bottom-line this earlier in the year. On the gross margin side, though, a couple of things, one, it’s clearly we have some commodities that are getting more expensive than some cocoa and sugar in particular, are moving in the wrong direction that we have a few smaller non-test ingredients that are a little bit more favorable right now than they were. Time will tell whether that's going to be able to stick around.  But probably the biggest pieces than just freight and logistics improvements and if you recall last year at this time, when we did the call, that was one of the big, I'll say surprises on the downside was increasing and freight and logistics costs. And for the first quarter at least, we saw some improvement in that both on our supply chain but also contracted support for getting truck show up for appointments and freight costs and so forth.  So, those are really the drivers in the first quarter that we captured in the outlook. Time will tell as the year goes on how the rest plays out. But that's what gives us the confidence is really just the first quarter performance. 
Cody Ross: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it along. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Modi with RBC. Please proceed with your question. 
Nick Modi: Yeah, thank you. Good morning everyone. So just a quick clarification. Hey, good morning. On international, I saw the comment you put in the prepared remarks. But maybe any more context on exactly some of the specific initiatives outside of a recovery in travel. I'm just curious, on there was a very strong number relative to expectations.  And then, if you could just touch on the market share commentary you made in the U.S., kind of what's driving some of that? You talked about the mix, but I was kind of unclear exactly what that was referencing. 
Melissa Poole : Yeah, I mean if we look at the initiatives in international, we've seen category strength across the markets. We saw a stronger Easter season in Brazil than we had anticipated. We continue to see distribution gains in Mexico and also in India. So, across the board some strength there. We do expect some moderation, going forward because we have some pretty strong laps. But our demand has really remained pretty, pretty resilient.  And then, we're also seeing some impacts from timing as if you may recall in Q4, consumer demand outpaced our shipments and we've recovered some of that in the first quarter. And can you repeat your share question one more time? 
Nick Modi: Yeah, I was just, I was just hoping you could provide some context on the US share commentary you had in the prepared remarks and the press release? You had referenced I think in the prepared remarks, mix was a driver and I was just unclear. But if you could just provide any context on some of the market share trends that you are seeing? 
Melissa Poole : Yeah, absolutely. So, we definitely - if we look at Easter, we had some impacts from supply constraints. We anticipate by Halloween and holiday, those will be behind us. But that impact - impacted us. And then also, we've continued to see very strong growth in sweets and then also that rebound of refreshments from some of the weaker trends in that post-COVID type of the year. So really mix as an impact. 
Nick Modi: Great. Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
Pamela Kaufman : Hi, good morning. 
Melissa Poole : Good morning. 
Michele Buck: Good morning. 
Pamela Kaufman : I was hoping that you could talk kind of generally about what you're seeing in the consumer demand environment? You've seen strong volumes despite strong pricing growth. So how are you thinking about the consumer and elasticities over the course of the year? 
Melissa Poole : So, I'll start by talking a little bit about the trends and I’ll let Steve talk about elasticities. Certainly consumer behavior continues to evolve and we know that many consumers have made changes to their spending to respond to inflation in the marketplace. We certainly continue to see that food has performed well compared to other categories, specifically food at home as it's a much more affordable option for consumers versus dining out. And we also know snacks and candy continue to perform even better than broader food and elasticities in those categories have continued to remain pretty strong. And we do expect that we'll continue to see strengthen in those elasticities.  We know the consumers are being increasingly mindful about where they shop. They are looking for more affordable options. Whether it is the channels in which they are shopping, whether its private-label, whether it is deals and increased promotion. And we are constantly carefully monitoring those trends, just to make sure that our media and our in-store activations are really optimized, so that we can align to the trends that we're seeing.  Steve, do you want to talk a little bit about elasticity - on the elasticity side? 
Steve Voskuil : We touched on this a little bit in the first question. We still expect elasticity to moderate as the year goes on, but in our outlook now a little bit less severely than we did in our original plan. And we'll see how the year plays out. But that's our current assumption. 
Pamela Kaufman : Okay, thank you. And my second question is just on the ERP implementation within snacks. Can you touch on what benefits you expect to realize from it? And what impact is factored into your guidance for this year from the ERP implementation? 
Steve Voskuil : Sure. So, we have, we have the impact of the transition on the ERP baked into the guidance. We profiled that out across the quarters including some inventory build in advance of the changeover and then the changeover itself in the back half of the year. In terms of benefits, it's a critical ingredient to driving efficient scale across that businesses.  We touched on that a bit in our investor conferences. Well, one of our goal is to drive scale efficiency on all parts of that business on the front-end, the supply chain side, and so forth. And this system is important to get them on the same system. The rest of the company will operate on, so we can operate the back office efficiently. We can operate the front-end efficiently, have more inventory visibility that are planning capabilities. And so, so it is the integral. We are excited about it. Everything to-date is on track and we'll look forward to getting that behind us later this year. 
Melissa Poole : And Pam, I think we did on the last call. We might called out the impact. It's about a half a point headwind for us for the full year related to that transition all focused in the fourth quarter results. 
Pamela Kaufman : Right. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. 
David Palmer : Thanks. Good morning. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned – good morning - you mentioned that you'll be in a strong position to fully support consumer demand for the rest of ‘23. I wonder if you could give some color about that. It's obviously ahead of some of that 5% increase in production that you're expecting to add.  So, is that the COVID era issues with labor constraints in your supply chain? Is that the upstream suppliers coming through? And I have a quick follow-up. 
Melissa Poole : Yeah, I mean, I would say, the recovery that we anticipate is really driven by the increasing Investments that we've continued to make over the past several years in capacity. Obviously, some of them take some time to be able to get equipment, get it up and running et cetera. And so, that's the point at which we believe we start to get ahead. So, I think we've pretty consistently talked about and end of ‘23 and ‘24, that we anticipate being beyond many of these supply issues.  But yes, I would It's a predominantly, they've been focused on capacity. Certainly, in the early years there were some other industry dynamics, as well. It's even - I'm not sure maybe your question, the 5%, just to clarify, that is actually that the pound number not a sales number. I mean, we were clear enough in the remark.  So that that 5% growth in production pounds will be well ahead of what the guidance calls for volume and that's kind of how we catch up. 
David Palmer : Got it. And in that capacity that you're ramping up with the three new Reese's plants and the one new Hershey plant, will that be more than the 5% into ‘24? Because it's ramping through the year. I am wondering what's the impact of capacity increases for 2024 do you think? 
Melissa Poole : There will be a carryover into ‘24 from those, as well as some additional capacity expansions that we have coming online. So there will be a low-single-digit increase in pounds production available next year as well from carryover and some new initiatives. 
David Palmer : Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question. 
Max Gumport: Hey, thanks for the question. I was hoping you could give us an update on what you're seeing with regard to the retailer pricing environment. It feels like we're seeing more headlines in the media talking about retailers pushing back to physically again packaged food manufacturers, but we're continuing to see companies like yourself getting strong pricing through in quarterly results.  So just hoping you can give us some color on this debate that seems to be emerging. Thanks. 
Melissa Poole : So we always partner very closely with our retail customers to try and do what we believe is best to meet consumer demand and also to drive category growth, which is good for both of us. So we continue to have very collaborative discussions with our retailers relative to our pricing implementations, which also includes a lot of discussion about with the right plans to have business reinvestment that will enable the support of very strong unit conversion. 
Max Gumport: Thanks and one follow-up on gross margin. I realized –in the year and that taking up guidance is a bit unusual and it speaks to the confidence you have in your outlook. But one question I'm getting is that, if we look at your gross margin results in the first quarter and think about what your guidance implies for the remainder of the year, it seems like it would imply some sequential step down in the gross margins through the year even after taking into account some seasonality. And so, I'm just curious what type of factors might be going into into those assumptions there? Thanks. 
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, the big – I think the biggest factor is it is still early in the year. We still have a lot to play out and so we're certainly taking stock of the upsides that we saw in the first quarter. But we're still being cautious also on what is to come in or the world has changed a lot over these quarters there is still a lot of volatility potentially ahead. And so, we're factoring that. And then also, as we go forward, particularly in Q4 the laps get tougher. And so, that's the other factor weighing in the guidance. 
Max Gumport: Thanks very much. 
Steve Voskuil : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Bryan Spillane : Hey, thanks operator. Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to ask a question about seasonal, you talked about the, - what part of what impacted market share on seasonals in the first quarter was capacity constraints. And I think, right, we've talked about more capacity available for seasonals as we move through the year. So if can you just kind of talk about that and how that sets up for especially the fall or the third and fourth quarter? And whether you feel like you'll be adequately supplied with seasonal products there? 
Melissa Poole : Yeah, sure. So, absolutely. We believe that with the additional supply that we have ramping up as we go through the year, that we will be in good shape to have a very solid plan to meet Halloween and holiday demand. So, some of the issues that we encounter during Easter we should be passed in the back half. 
Bryan Spillane : Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question. 
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. In the press release, you had mentioned just the ability to sustain momentum into 2024 and beyond, obviously it's early. But just kind of caught my eye that you would call that out, what are you seeing at that would you drive a reference that come up that far ahead and how much color can you give on how you're thinking about 2024 right now? 
Melissa Poole : I mean we're not going to give a lot of – we are not really going to talk about 2024. I mean, at the very high level I’ll talk a little bit about the consumer piece and Steve can talk about the P&L component. But we feel good about the momentum that we're seeing on the business, certainly in terms of consumers’ engagement with the category.  A lot of the underlying consumer behaviors that we're seeing sustain which continue to support performance. We're continuing to see good response to the investments that we’re making in media behind the business across all parts, really. I mean CMG, as well as our salty brands where we're just getting started on some of the investments in salty.  And certainly, as we saw in the first quarter, strong momentum in international. So right now, we don't see any big signals that suggest to us any big hurdles on the top-line. 
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, I would agree. I just point to, as Michelle said, capacity – having capacity available as we exit the year to be a little bit more on the gaps from that standpoint versus some of the limits we've had in the last couple of years the salty aspirations that we have talked a lot about that at the conference coming off of the back of the ERP and rolling into next year, we're excited about that.  And then the commercial capabilities that we talked more about at the conference, as well that being able to help drive sustainable growth in the US business in particular. So, those are just some of the reasons that it we feel pretty good about the momentum. 
Michael Lavery: No, that's helpful color. Thank you. And just a follow-up on that, we got see the – at the Investor Day obviously and just curious, if you have a sense of how big a lift do you think that can drive and maybe specifically at least what's factored into your thinking and guidance around that. And just sort of we've already seen obviously a very strong momentum there. How much further can it go? And then what - how you think about your expectations? 
Melissa Poole : You know, I would say it's too early. We've just started the support on air. We feel very good about all the work that we've done in terms of understanding the dots consumer and the consumers’ relationship with dots. And so we feel good about the messaging direction, the creative execution and certainly it's scored incredibly well and the responsiveness that we tend to see across our snacking categories with advertising investments.  So more to come and we'll share more as we have actual in-market results on that. But we think that will clearly only help us given that we haven't been investing in that brand in the past. 
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great, thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Rob Dickerson: All right, great. Thanks so much. Two kind of easy questions. The first is just in international, obviously impressive on the volume side, but really don’t see any incremental pricing year-over-year. So I am just curious let me clearly it's intentional just kind of curious as to why that's intentional why we're not seeing much pricing in international that’s kind of given the cost complex and kind of what you've been able to push through in the US? And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Steve Voskuil : Sure, we are pursuing a price strategy in international. It's just more modest of what we're seeing so far. And it’s offset by some of the other laps that we had in the quarter. They are having some impact on how much of that price is coming through, but we should see more price come through in the next three quarters. 
Rob Dickerson: Okay, fair enough. And then, just quickly back to you Steve too, buying the incremental popcorn facilities, which I get, but clearly not that much cash out lay - cash outlay for those facilities and if we think - kind of think about where the top-line probably headed into ‘24 and CapEx gets a little bit better next year markets been decent, there should be a step up in free cash flow while the balance sheet is strong. So, and I know you kind of always reiterate kind of your standard issue capital deployment priorities.  But would you say kind of at this point given all the CapEx that's being spent on the on the new facilities or the new lines and then the recent - the acquisition of the new popcorn facilities they kind of broadly speaking you feel like you're probably in a pretty good spot in terms of kind of what you need to grow. And therefore it is there a possibility for, let's say you know other cash deployment whether being around the dividend or buyback the what have you? Thanks 
Steve Voskuil : Sure. Yeah, great question. So we – we do - the short answer is, yeah, we do feel good with that additional capacity in place or coming in place for the Weaver acquisition will be very helpful to support the growth of that business for a time to come. And I also like the fact that, we're buying well-maintained state-of-the-art manufacturing facility. What we're not doing that is still much more capital efficient than building from whole cloth.  And so, it is capital efficient to pick up assets this way, as well. So, as we look to the future, I feel good about the capacity that we're going to have installed on both the confection business and the salty business. And that will have an impact on free cash flow as we look to the future. 
Rob Dickerson: Alright. Fair enough. Thank you. 
Steve Voskuil : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question. 
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much. Could you comment on the role of fate, not just recent distribution growth, but distribution growth over the last 12 to 18 months in the salty snack business driving at really outsized volume growth?  Because, I guess, I'm trying to understand how when you take these products whether it's dots most recently or others into new markets, is there a necessary to care like, you have all this great innovation into Hershey capabilities and then that kind of seasons and it slows down. What data or insight can you offer to help us understand that and may be if you think about what a sustainable organic volume growth looks like for salty snack going forward? Thanks. 
Melissa Poole : Yes, absolutely. So, clearly distribution is job one, when we buy a business like this. I mean, that's one of our key strengths and we want to fully utilize it. So on dots in particular, there were really opportunities to kind of fill in on distribution. Previously, they really didn't have a very large Walmart business and they were underdeveloped in the northeast.  So that's been a big area of focus and that certainly has driven - has been a key driver of the business. But we've also seen increases in velocity at the same time, given the very strong repeat potential that we see from consumers behind this product. Then as you think about the growth trajectory, over time, I would kind of describe it as it basically will evolve in terms of what the drivers are.  So as we fill out the distribution, we start to really employ our category management capability relative to optimizing the shelf. As you saw in March, we then start to apply our media capability with advertising behind the brand to really increase awareness and household penetration. And then beyond that, the other kind of key focus is relative to price pack architecture and other drivers.  So, I think we will see the revenue coming from it will continue, but we will apply the other capabilities we have to really generate that. And as we mentioned at Investor Day, we do anticipate seeing growth in that 15% kind of range for the next few years. And then, but a deceleration from the twenty plus percent that we've seen more recently. 
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you very much. Much. 
Steve Voskuil : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities USA. Please proceed with your question. 
John Baumgartner : Good morning. Thanks for the question. 
Steve Voskuil : Good morning. 
John Baumgartner : Maybe just building on John's question, Michelle sticking with the salty snacks distribution. And another focus here is building availability in mass and grocery, but the ACV opportunity seems pretty significant in C stores, as well.  Are there any considerations whether it's dislodging competitors or, the routes to market that you – in the DSD model given the velocities that didn’t makes the path to building ACV in C stores a bit slower for these categories. Just you how are you thinking about closing that distribution gap in C stores over time? Thank you. 
Melissa Poole : Well, C store is really a core capability for the company for our base core CMG businesses. Certainly we realize its importance in reaching certain specific consumers and really certain specific occasions when consumers are out and about. So it is a priority for us. We have been focused on that. I think in SkinnyPop, we are certainly making progress. But there's more opportunity to go.  And so, it'll remain a focus for us going forward. I don't know if I'd say that there is any key barrier. Certainly, there are folks who have DSD capability more broadly. But we've done a good job with our CMG business, where we don't have it building distribution in convenience stores. So, we feel very good about that.  And then across our salty snacks network, we do have both warehouse and DSD capability. And we're really working right now to optimize how we best utilize each to maximize the potential of the business. 
John Baumgartner : Okay. And then in terms of the popcorn assets that you're acquiring, in addition to just the pure growth in volume capacity, is there anything augment your capabilities whether it’s pack size or anything else in terms of opportunity there? 
Michele Buck : Yeah, and beyond just the capacity and one of the things that gives us the opportunity to optimize the supply chain network more, broadly. So if you think to the future, other assets are potentially coming in, if you think about some of the strategies we talked about around price pack architecture, and being able to make sure we have the right packs and mixes to support the business going forward. So by having all of that in our hands, in our control, just gives us more flexibility and agility to deliver that growth plan. 
Melissa Poole : Yeah. And as I mentioned earlier, we do have that gives capacity ahead of demand. So it gives us that trajectory for the next few years. 
John Baumgartner : Thanks Michelle. Thanks Steve. 
Michele Buck : Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. 
Melissa Poole : Good morning. 
Jason English: A couple quick questions. So, Colgate just recently did something similar in past we would think going out and buying some capacity. When that came into the floor, there was lot of other products to do making it created some margins torsion near term. Is there anything to be aware of like a similar on that front with the Weaver acquisition? 
Melissa Poole : No, I mean, bulk of the capacity is ready to eat popcorn. So it didn't really come with a big negative overhang. 
Michele Buck : That's right. 
Melissa Poole : Other than that there will be excess unused capacity for a while, so that there's some fixed overhead there. 
Steve Voskuil : Yeah. Some fixed overhead and some transition cost that would be normal. But not a portfolio overhang like you're referencing, Jason. 
Jason English: Good to know. Thanks for that. And then, bigger picture question, You've got – as you mentioned elasticity has been very low. That's not a Hershey comment or even a confection comment, the industry comment because we have a lot of cross price left, if you ever moving the same direction, it sounds like in ‘24 you’re kind of have to kind of break from the past and push through quite a quite a bit of pricing that it’s by where, we're not expecting a lot from the industry at large.  So, how are you managing this cross price elasticities? Which category should we be watching? And where you tend to see switching between confection? And I'll leave it there. 
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, I would say, first of all, it's a little early yet to be starting to think about the cross elasticity for ’24. You’re right. We're trying to think ahead in terms of the pricing strategy. We're also watching the commodity space like we talked about earlier and some of the upward movements on cocoa and sugar. And so, I think that's getting us in a good starting position. But then what happens to the other categories and peers is all yet to be seen.  And we will be able to communicate more on that, obviously as you probably turn the corner and get to the back half. But Melissa do you want to add? 
Melissa Poole : Yeah, that's the one piece I might add is just, ours is a kind of come through a little bit slower and more elongated because of the timing it takes for us to implement particularly with seasons. So, kind of, as we think about ‘24 pricing, we won't have an outsized price gap versus kind of pre-pandemic levels versus a lot of our competition.  As you see many of them are posting high teens or 20% pricing versus up at 10%. So some of those just ours is a little bit more spread out. But we will certainly be watching it very closely and particularly within, snacking to look at where the share of stomach is going and how those cross elasticities progress. 
Jason English: Yeah, that's a good point. Thanks a lot. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
Chris Carey: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. I just have a question on confection margins. Very strong in the quarter even despite a tough year ago compare, pricing is clearly building. How should we be thinking about confection margins not just this year, but certainly over time, as it seems like we're coming through very strongly with pricing and cost perhaps are easing. And so, again just your trajectory of confection margins would be helpful. And I think you had mentioned some inflation in cocoa and sugar, just remind us of your duration on those hedges and when we might be seeing that inflation coming through and just so we can kind of assess when the pricing might be needed to offset it? Thanks so much. 
Steve Voskuil : Sure, I'll take the last piece first. Just on cocoa and sugar we don't get specific on the duration of our hedging programs. Obviously, for those two commodities we do some hedging. But we don't share the duration. We do expect to see potentially more impact in ‘24 than ‘23. But we'll see how the markets play out.  On pricing and just more generally as we talked about the investor conference, our goal is always have a mix of volume and price. That's part of the balance in our growth formula and as part of that we also want to see margin accretion over time for both sources. And so, confection margins have been strong, but even in the future, across All levers, pricing, including price pack, architecture and mix, and other things, we want to continue to put upward pressure on our margins because that's part of our growth formulas so. 
Melissa Poole : And we continue to see some of our inputs rise, cocoa and sugar recently which is one of the reasons that we decided to lean into that more recent pricing action. 
Steve Voskuil : That’s right.
Chris Carey: Okay, that's it for me. Thanks so much. 
Steve Voskuil : Thank you. 
Operator: We have reached the end of the question and answer session. I’ll now turn the call back over to Melissa Poole for closing remarks. 
Melissa Poole: Yes. Thanks so much for joining us this morning and all the great questions and the continued interest and investment in our company. So I'll be available today and in the coming weeks to answer any additional follow-ups you may have. Thanks so much. Have a great day. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to The Hershey Company Fourth Quarter 2022 Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. As a reminder this conference is being recorded.  I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa A. Poole : Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's fourth quarter 2022 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre-recorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call.  Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings.  Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release.  Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil.  With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks so much. Good morning, everybody.
Michele Buck : Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I guess just one from me. Trying to get a better sense of how you're thinking about elasticity for '23 versus what you saw in '22, which was very little? And what percentage increase in capacity you're expecting for this year? And I guess I asked because, if elasticity were to stay as benign as it has been, and you ramp some capacity, trying to get a sense of whether it could render your flat, just slightly down volume outlook for the year somewhat conservative, or will continued capacity constraints limit the potential for top line upside from here?
Michele Buck : Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. As we look at price elasticities, we are assuming that they will be closer to last year than they were to historic, but not quite as good as last year. And as we look at our capacity, we will have low single-digit increases in capacity which do give us some ability to flex with demand as we see it. Steven, you can add.
Steve Voskuil : No, that's fine. 
Andrew Lazar: Excellent. That's it. Thank you so much.
Michele Buck : Thanks, Andrew. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks, and congrats, everyone, for such a great year. I wanted to know, the guidance for '23 is more aggressive than normal, like you normally start the year rather conservative. But this year, you're guiding above your normal algorithm. And I want to know if could kind of isolate what the key drivers are, and why you've raised it compared to three months ago. Maybe drilling down looks like gross margin is coming in better than you thought, maybe you could explain why.  And then also on market share. Are you expecting market share gains in confectionery in '23? Thanks.
Steve Voskuil : Sure. Want me to start out. 
Michele Buck : Yeah, go ahead, Steve. 
Steve Voskuil : So just on, the big movers on the top line, obviously price driven, and we have good visibility into that. We saw that effect be part of the driver for the fourth quarter performance, but we see that carrying forward, especially through the first three quarters of next year. And we do have elasticity factors, as Michelle said in the last question. Our planning isn't quite down to the levels of historic elasticity, but something looks more like last year. And if you sort of drop further through the P&L, we do see some benefit from the gross margin side, as we could see more stabilization, the pricing coming down and some cost efficiencies, and a return to more historic levels of productivity.  Now we still have efforts for more productivity. But at least this year, we're starting to see something that we hadn't seen in the last two years. So those are some drivers through the P&L that far. On the market share side, yes, we do expect to have a positive market share next year. I think that's one that we're disappointed about this year and want to see turn the other direction Next Year. 
Michele Buck : Yeah, and some of that market share will be helped by the incremental marketing investment, as we've taken that up, as we have additional capacity online and certainly, the additional capacity as well. As we think about the pacing of the market share, you should think about it relative to the beginning part of the year will be slower, and we won't see those declines, probably till we get into the spring. But once we hit the spring that will really kick into gear. We know that we had some lost opportunity this year around seasons that we weren't able to fulfill totally all of the orders. And then also a little bit of a mix impact from refreshment, being a late rebounder given social behaviors, but we think that'll neutralize going.
Robert Moskow: Okay, makes sense. Just one follow-up. On the gross margin side, are your cost, like inflation cost coming in better than you thought or is this really just productivity is accelerating more than you thought?
Steve Voskuil : Yes, probably more on the productivity side. We have pretty good visibility in the cost, with the hedging program and so forth, particularly on commodities, and we're still expecting high-single-digit, year-over-year inflation through commodities, and a lot of the materials items and mid-single digits on things like labor and logistics and other supply chain costs. I don't think those assumptions have changed much from our outlook, but probably a little bit more productivity.
Robert Moskow: Great. Thank you. 
Michele Buck : Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman : Hi, thanks. You're guiding to a gross margin of around 44.5% next year. I'm just curious for this coming year, what do you see as a, I guess, “normal level”, if there is such a thing in this kind of environment? And I guess more specifically, if you can grow your gross margin by a healthy amount in an inflationary environment, is there any reason it can't ultimately get back to 45% or above?
Steve Voskuil : Sure, again, our model is growing gross margin every year. That would be the goal. That's really part of the growth algorithm. And so we've had two years where that's been a challenge. We see that now turning for 2023 and really getting back on the algorithm. And so I would like to say it's price and inflation agnostic in terms of the strategy. How we get there will change based on the external environment. But yes, we do see restoring to gross margins that we had in the past and frankly, continuing to drive that forward.
Ken Goldman : And then, how do we think about the breakdown of sales growth and operating margins by segment in 2023? You gave a little bit there. But are there any unusual items we should be aware of for either of these segments, just as we consider our models, maybe drivers that aren't necessarily apparent at first glance?
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, the only things that are unusual or different, I kind of go to salty, and we mentioned some of this in the remarks. Salty is going to have a strong top line. We're expecting that. We're also expecting to see gross margin improvement year-over-year. We saw some of that in the fourth quarter, finally seeing pricing catch up in that business a little bit to inflation. But still some room to grow.  But we'll see some reinvestment below that. And so we're going to activate more against the brands next year. We're going to do some capability investments between the lines to really scale up the infrastructure. And part of that infrastructure is the ERP transition that we talked about in the prepared remarks. And so that's probably the one area where I see strong sales growth, some gross margin improvement, less route through to off margin that we might see in a normal year on the back of those capability investments. Other than that, I think the other segments are probably, pretty traditional in terms of the growth characteristics. 
Ken Goldman : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Bryan Spillane : Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. My question is just around the advertising and consumer spend investments. And I guess I had two questions. One, in the prepared remarks, one of the things you talked about investing in is workforce. So I wanted to just understand, is that like more merchandisers and people in the field or something else? And then maybe I'll start with that, then I had one other follow up.
Michele Buck : Yeah, I mean, as we look at some of the investments that we're making in our employee base, clearly, one of our key strategic goals this year is really to integrate scale our salty business. And so we are adding some increments of talent there to really make sure that we have the right skillsets, and that we have all the employee base and talent needed to do that heavy lifting and the work, some of that also around improving our planning system. Some of the things that whey we buy a smaller company, we need some more sophisticated capabilities.  Then obviously, given a lot of the work across the business on supply chain, where we are continuing to invest to build capacity and resiliency in the network, we have made investments in supply chain talent as well. 
Bryan Spillane : Okay, but it's not specifically adding merchandisers or like front -- more people, frontline sales people? 
Michele Buck : Oh, no, no. 
Bryan Spillane : Okay. Okay. And then the second, just was related to the kind of the thinking behind the double-digit increase in advertising and consumer spend. Is that partly a -- sort of a function of just inflation has been so persistent. Now obviously, you've got price increases on your own product lines, but consumers are just seeing -- have seen a lot of inflation across a lot of consumables. And is it -- if you're going to have that level of pricing, you really need to advertise in order to sort of make sure consumers stay engaged, because they're going have to start making some choices. Or was there something else that kind of drove the decision or the need to increase advertising at that rate?
Michele Buck: Yeah, absolutely. So our long-term model, we believe in advertising. We've seen the impact and the returns that we get on advertising in terms of having very strong ROI. So we take a very databased approach to media spending, and we invest where we see that incremental profitable growth. Over time, we do know that that advertising builds consumer connectivity. And we know that, that consumer connectivity is -- what part of what helps us to have the elasticities that we do.  People are connected to our brands. And during the tough times, we know that that connectivity leads to them continuing to buy. So yes, it is important during an inflationary time, and we've done statistics over that, analysis to validate that. And then, as you know, we reduced spend last year really due to capacity constraints. And we did see an impact in demand on several of our brands. And so those are really the priorities where we are reinvesting this year. And we're also investing in some of our whitespace opportunities, like gummies and better for you to strengthen the business, as well as our salty brands, where we're really in a major growth mode, gaining household penetration, gaining market share, and we want to continue that momentum.
Bryan Spillane : Right. Thanks, Michele. 
Michele Buck : Sure. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. 
Michele Buck : Good morning. 
Michael Lavery: I just want to start by following up on the spending. Could you give us a sense -- I recognized last year, you adjusted spending to match your -- better aligned with the capacity limitations. But would this year be restored levels to sort of the optimal targets? Or do you still see that ramping into next year as well? We're just trying to understand a sense of, if you'll be back on your sort of steady run rate or kind of ideal level or if we're not even quite going to be there yet until maybe 2024.
Michele Buck : Yeah, I mean we are always looking at the returns that we're getting on our spending, and making decisions as we go forward based on that. So we think that we're in a reasonable zip code. I think we've said before that we don't think we have to go back up to the very highest levels that we were at historically. We've done a great job over time, getting a lot of efficiency, getting very tight in our targeting, so that we're getting even greater returns. But I wouldn't also commit that this is the high mark, above which we're not going to move above. We're still probably not quite back to exactly the point we want to be.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's really helpful. And just want to unpack a little bit more if we can, a comment you made in the prepared remarks about seasons being a growth driver. You said it's off to a great start. Obviously, last year went really well as well. And so just would love to understand a little bit better how that unfolds and how to be thinking about that.
Michele Buck : Yeah, we continue to anticipate very strong growth in the seasons. We've continued to see that in the category. Consumers, during the past several years, have even dialed up their interest in season. So it is a strong part of our portfolio. It's a place where we do very well. It's a place where there's a lot of emotional connectivity. There's an anchor event, people want to participate in those anchor events with the brands that they love. And so we think that there's opportunity. We had some missed demand that we weren't able to fully fulfill because of capacity. And we're going to be in a much better position this year to be able to more fully capture that opportunity.  And the first part of the year, as I mentioned earlier, from a share perspective, we won't be as strong as we anticipate that we will be for the seasons towards the back part of the year.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Cody Ross with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Cody Ross : Good morning. Thank you for taking our questions. I just want to go back to the last question on volume and perhaps unpack cadence throughout the year. You have increased capacity for seasons coming on, but you're also lapping the over shipment in the first half this year. Can you just unpack a little bit how you expect volume to progress throughout the year, understanding that you expect for the full year to be flat to slightly down? That's my first question. Thank you. 
Michele Buck : Steve, can you talk that through?
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, going into the first part of the year, the seasons we've got already identified the volume and shipments there. So as Michele said, we still -- we're dealing with some capacity constraints leading into the seasons in the front part of the year. When you look at the year overall, we're not expecting any big material differences by quarter for volume.
Cody Ross : Okay, that's helpful. And then just one last question on capital allocation here. You're at the low end of your leverage target over the long-term. Are you beginning to look at making additional acquisitions or perhaps return more cash to shareholders in the upcoming years? Thank you.
Michele Buck : I just say job one right now for us is integrating the amazing acquisitions that we bought SkinnyPop, Pirates and Dot's, and we're investing to leverage their full potential. However, we do always continue to be in the market, looking at assets that can continue to advance our strategies, expand our portfolio appropriately into high growth, consumer demand segments. And we certainly do have a lot of balance sheet flexibility to be able to do the right M&A, if it becomes available. 
Steve Voskuil : That's right. And I would say more broadly, from a capital allocation standpoint, no major changes. We definitely want to be giving back cash and repurchasing shares as part of our strategy. That puts good tension on the internal investments and M&A to make sure we're getting the best return. And so that's an area we'll continue to monitor. We've got a lot of CapEx this year. And so that's one thing that we're taking into consideration as we look at the overall balance of capital allocation.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Michele Buck : Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had a question. First, if I could a bit of a follow-on to an earlier question, but in particular in the salty snacks division, with the margin being so strong, and in the fourth quarter and reaching over 20%. Was there anything unique to the quarter? And then I certainly heard about investments you want to make both internally and advertising throughout 2023. I guess I just want to understand how you expect the margin to fare throughout the year as margins expand, but just not to the level of which it did here in the fourth quarter.
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, we're really pleased where the fourth quarter finished. Probably two things drove that. One we did have easier laps in the fourth quarter. And then second, you know, we said earlier, we are seeing pricing, catching up a little bit more to some of the inflation that we saw over the course of the years. We've got a little bit of a benefit of that. As we look to a margin for that business going forward and into next year, we want to again, on the gross margin line, expect to see some continued advancement. We got a lot of plans to still optimize that business. And we've talked before about streamlining the back office, streamlining the supply chain, network, better integrating all of that with our existing Hershey systems, and so forth.  And so in fact, we'll talk more about that when we get to our March Investor Conference, and spend some time on that. But have aspirations to continue to see that profile up over the course of the year. But as Michele said, we are going to reinvest some of that back between the lines to accelerate the top line to invest behind the brands. And then on the capability investments like ERP.  But I'd say the key takeaway is we have still high margin aspirations for that business as we look forward over the next couple of years. 
Michele Buck : And most of those will occur over the longer term. We don't expect significant margin expansion or margin expansion in '23. Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up, if I could on to understand how inventory will fare for the year. You talked about depleting some inventory late in the years. You've converted -- or moved to the new ERP system. Should inventory grow to the year and then you deplete it? Or does it hold this level? Then it goes just goes lower as you kind of move that inventory out? Have you built it already, I guess is the question, or do you expect to build more?
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, we haven't built it already. I mean, there will probably be some build, not that material. I mean there's a limit to how much salty inventory we can build. But as we said, when we get to the fourth quarter, we expect a pretty significant depletion. And that's really just to allow the cutover between systems. And so on a net-net basis that will look like a negative for the year for that business. We would expect to see that come back next year, probably with a strong start to the year.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thanks so much for your time. 
Steve Voskuil : Sure. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Nick Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Modi: Yeah, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hi, Michele, hi, I was hoping you could just comment on fill rates, kind of where you guys are now versus kind of where you'd like to be. And I know things are below where they have been historically. Just curious, is that just a function of capacity? There's also a labor component to that. And then I had a bigger picture question.
Michele Buck : Yeah, so I would say our fill rates are much better than where they were. There's been some significant improvement versus last year, as we've been able to invest in capital and get additional capacity on the ground. So and really, there's minimal impact from labor. It was really, largely very much tied to capacity. Now we did step up in labor to enable us to be able to obviously execute against the capacity, and the incremental lines. But we're seeing less network disruption than we've seen in the past, not all the way back to the perfect situation it was before the pandemic, but it certainly improved.
Nick Modi: Right, thanks for that color. And then just the bigger picture question is, look these categories, especially on the chocolate and confectionery side, I think, clearly, we can see a renaissance. And maybe we can attribute some of that to COVID. But I'm just curious like, what does your research, internal research say about what's actually going on with the consumer and these categories? Because I think we can all agree the underlying trend rate has been much better than I think anyone would have expected a couple of years ago.
Michele Buck : Well, certainly we know that snacking has been on the rise, has continued to be on the rise as a consumer behavior, pre-pandemic, and also post-pandemic. We know that there still is a bit more at home behavior versus folks cutting back on going to restaurants. And certainly that's a benefit across packaged goods snacking. We also know based on our insight that consumers are interested in snacking and particularly in confection and chocolate on two diametrically kind of opposed parts of their emotional state.  One is when they are incredibly happy and it's a treat time, and they want to treat themselves and the other is when there are downtimes, and they want a bright spot. But they do view these categories and especially chocolate as a part of kind of emotional wellness, what it does and how it makes them feel. And then of course I think that the more that we interact with consumers and this really hasn't changed over time, consumers have emotional connectivity to our brands. Our brands are more about the products -- more than just about the products. They are about the moments of connection. Many of them are used in special times. And we get letters all the time with people talking about the special role that some products played in their life.  They remember when they were with a friend, experiencing it or with their kids at a season. And I think that continues to be timeless, and perhaps has even dialed up a bit since the pandemic. 
Nick Modi: Great. Thanks for that caller. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English : Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for fitting me in. My apologies I didn't get a chance to go through all the prepared remarks. We have a lot going on this morning. Apologies if you have answered the question. I have two quick things. First, the capacity expansion. You give some quantification for the year? What's the cadence? When should we expect to see that capacity coming along?
Michele Buck : Yeah, it's going to be coming online throughout the year. And again, this sort of fits into a broader discussion we've had on capacity expansion. I think we've talked in the past, if you look at the 2020 to 2024, period, we were looking for a 15% ish increase in capacity across the network. And so what we're going to see in 2023 is going to be a low single digit contribution towards that goal. And I would kind of think about it coming in ratably over the course of the year.
Jason English : Okay, and the elevated CapEx, it sounds like it's a long slog. Should we expect this elevated level to continue into next year, for the year beyond as well?
Michele Buck : Yeah, not at this level. But I would say at least for the next -- for 2024, we will have some amount of elevated capital. We will still be finishing off the ERP program, and still probably having some tail investments from a capacity standpoint. So those are the two things I would point to and, on the CapEx, as we talked about all the time, the majority of that CapEx is targeted on capacity expansion. If you click into that a large portion is driven by recent fantastic growth we've had there and recent capacity and network capacity has improved significantly. But we still have opportunities, some are recent, some in other brands to unlock more efficiency and capacity. And so that capacity expansion plus the ERP investments that will eventually drop out are the two kind of biggest components of the CapEx right now.
Jason English : Understood. The last question for me. I've always considered your European venture to be a bit opportunistic. It's a small tactical export business. Yet, recently, you've kind of carved it out as a standalone business. Does this signal anything in terms of your strategic intent on expansion in Europe?
Michele Buck : No, not at all. If that's in reference to any of the talent changes that we made, they were really in the course of just normal development and expansion for people to get new opportunities. Europe continues to be small. We continue to feel that we are making great strides and seeing a lot of growth there. But there is no strategic change in our approach to that market at all. 
Jason English : Understood. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, good morning.
Michele Buck : Good morning. 
Pamela Kaufman: Can you talk about your key innovations planned for '23? And how are you thinking about the drivers of top line growth between innovation versus existing brands, where you've been capacity constrained?
Michele Buck : Sure. So innovation continues to be an important part across our portfolio. And we have several items that are launching this year that we think will generate a lot of consumer excitement and merchandising. And if we look at our core confection business, the highlights there would be Reese's Stuffed with Reese's Puffs. We have a limited edition, which is a Reese's Creamy, and then a Reese's crunchy product. So a line of limited editions that let consumers pick their favorite, which texture they like. And then we have an exciting new kisses flavor that is called Milkilicious [ph], which is a kiss filled with a milk chocolate filling.  On our salty business, we launched as a limited time edition this year, a dot cinnamon sugar flavor. And so folks will see that in the market as it's been very successful. So those are probably the highlights of some of the biggest innovation. We continue with our strategy that we employed several years ago, that's really helped to accelerate our top line growth, which is while innovation is important and we will support innovation across the board, for news and excitement.  We really don't want to stray away from a primary focus on our core. Our core are brands that are sustainable. They have been out there for a long time. Consumers love them. The velocities on them will always be stronger than innovation. So across our entire portfolio, driving our core is job one. And then using new innovation for news and excitement.
Pamela Kaufman: Great, thank you. And just in terms of your organic growth outlook for '23, how are you thinking about the growth between North America confectionery and salty snacks? And maybe if you could just touch on some of the key growth drivers behind the salty snacks business for '23? 
Michele Buck : So I can talk about some of the growth drivers and then let me have Steve talk a little bit about the part of your question. So as we look at salty snacks, we will be, as Steve mentioned investing in marketing, so that we can continue to expand those brands and business and continue our growth in household penetration. So that is clearly an investment that will drive growth. We continue to have some level of distribution upside, especially on Dot's. We saw distribution upside as well as increased item counts in 2022. And we'll see some of that growth continue as we go through '23.  Once we get beyond that, we think will then start to be going more to velocity increases and price pack architecture opportunities. So those are some of the biggest ones. Investments in SkinnyPop, in advertising as well will continue to unlock growth potential. So I think those are some of the biggest growth drivers across the salty business. 
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, just at a very high level, from a projection standpoint, we're expecting high single digits, top line price being the primary driver there. And as we talked about earlier seasons, underneath best seasons, and then media investment behind the brands are going to be big components of that. On the salty side, double digit growth, which is, what we should expect from that business, and more is price there as well, but also volume. And again, as we said, there are two we're investing behind the brand. We have some distribution opportunities, as Michele mentioned.  On the international side, solid mid-single digit performance on the back of distribution, volume, some pricing as well, and some innovation. So at a high level, those are sort of the big targets.
Pamela Kaufman: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Carey : Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. 
Michele Buck : Good morning. 
Christopher Carey : Steve, you gave good information on gross margin ranges for the year, a little bit on cadence with the Q1 and the impact of inflation. It's just striking to see high single digit commodities with labor, which is this dynamic of sticky inflation that we're seeing, across the staples landscape. But clearly you have good visibility into that outlook. I guess what I'm wondering is, this is going to be a probably a volatile environment for inflationary drivers, namely commodities over the next year.  And I'm just trying to frame if there is a change in the commodity outlook. Is that something that changes your own outlook? Or are you so locked in on costs at this point, that it's we have good visibility on the year and we're fairly locked in. And that's really more of a consideration, from a year from now, something like that. I have a quick follow-up.
Steve Voskuil : Sure. On the -- in general, we have pretty good visibility, I would say across cost and commodities. I'd say the hedging program gives us some of that visibility. The caveat is that if you look at the last two years, where we've been bitten, in some cases, those are the things that we don't hedge and have been volatile, things like packaging, and resins and specialty ingredients and so dairy. So those are ones that I think we keep an eye on and movements at some of those, material movements can move the needle on. We saw some of those material movements in the last few years.  I think our expectation is some of that will settle down and with that settling down in our visibility into the rest of the talks. I agree with you it's still potential for volatility, but we feel we've sort of picked the guidance range to try to accommodate most of that volatility.
Christopher Carey : Okay, that makes sense. One quick follow-up and perhaps something that's even better suited to, the Investor Day coming up. But this sounds confidence on long term margin improvement. And clearly we saw an inflection in the snacks business today with positive commentary on the medium term in that business. So when you think about that long term margin between the confection the sack size do you have any sense of what would be driving that between those segments? Or is it more of a holistic target for the organization over time? Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, that is a great one for the investor conference. And -- but I will say, our expectation is we want to see margin improvement across all parts of the business, all segments. And so we've seen a lot of improvement in international in recent years. But we have the same expectation that that's going to continue also. And that we're going to optimize and grow but grow in a sustainably profitable way there.  Salty, probably expectations, given the capital that we've deployed in those acquisitions and the opportunity, we touched on things like private label and the impact that still has on the business as we look to the future. Opportunities to extract more margin out of that business. And in always on the confection side, we want to have a model that drives margin accretion.
Christopher Carey : Okay, thanks for the answers. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. A question on gross margin in this latest quarter, especially versus the third quarter. The reason I'm asking for color about what might have been your biggest unlocks that fourth quarter is because on a one and multi-year basis, it looks like pricing was rather similar to the third quarter. Yet your margin trend improved. And that fourth quarter was actually higher than it was in the in the fourth quarter of 2019. So any color about unlocks and gross margin would be helpful?
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, I think the biggest drivers that we touched on, we did have some better productivity dropping through supply chain efficiencies that had ramped up and essentially, Michele said we're not all the way back in terms of that supply chain efficiency. But we'll get to see an uptick in the fourth quarter. And then the -- I'll say the volume growth on the elasticity side, helping dropping some fixed costs absorption through the P&L as well. Those are probably at the point, just a couple of things, those are the ones I point to.
David Palmer: And just a big picture question, one I've been thinking about is in a during this COVID era, clearly, at home snacking did well. You guys have made your own thunder with s'mores and your Seasons. And you've seemed to have a pretty good visibility into what you're doing each year in seasons. And so it looks like you're going to -- you're poised to have a pretty good 2023. But I'm wondering just as you just think about the overall energy for at home snacking as an occasion, do you have a view about whether that can sustain in terms of its growth rate?  I wonder about this not just for Hershey, but for other companies as well. Any comments there would be helpful? Thanks.
Michele Buck : Sure. So let me start by saying as much as we have benefited on our take home business, with at home snacking, our instant consumable business has also been quite strong. So we've really seen growth across all what we say, all three segments of our business seasons, take home and instant consumable. We don't expect that we're going to lose volume on those segments going forward. So we don't see a reversal in the trend.  But we would say that growth may moderate. We would expect it to moderate a little bit versus where it's been as consumers just shake out into their normal ongoing behavior. 
David Palmer: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Powers : Yes. Hi. Good morning. I wanted to go back to the two topics you talked about already. The A&P investments and the workforce investments just a little bit, drilling down into those. Just any -- on the A&P side any notable phasing of the incremental spending that you're planning and if so just the drivers, of that phasing, if you could. And then on the workforce side, Michele, you walk through a number of priorities, especially on the salty side, and I think there makes sense and they are frankly, intriguing. I guess, question is, where are you with those hires? Is that something that we should anticipate?  You kind of have in the near term pipeline and in the investment show up early in the year and carry forward? Or is it something that builds and is more the spending progressively layers out as the year goes on? Just where you are in in making those hires that you talked about earlier? Thank you.
Michele Buck : Yeah, so as we looked at the investments in marketing spending, you should think about the confection investments being fairly stable throughout the year. On salty, our investments will be more front loaded during the year because of the -- towards the end of the year is when we're doing the S'more conversion. So we're really going to you know drive the volume harder at the beginning and those investments harder at the beginning of the year.  On SG&A spend, we will see that across the quarters, and especially beginning in Q1. 
Steve Powers : Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Max Gumport with BNP Paribas. Please proceed with your question.
Max Gumport : Hey, thanks for the question. Just one for me, and it's on gross margin. So you expect gross margins to be up 40 to 50 basis points year-over-year in 2023, given net price realization and higher levels of productivity, which are expected to offset inflation. But it sounds like 1Q '23 gross margins will be pressured due to lack of a timing benefit related to inventory valuation last year. I'm trying to get a sense if you could close frame the magnitude of that 1Q, '23 impact. Thanks.
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, so you're exactly right. For quarter one that will be our most pressured gross margin quarter. In fact, I expect we will be still down year-over-year for the first quarter because of those laps. And I don't know if that I'll dimension -- get specific as the guidance for that. But you're exactly right. That'll be our most pressured gross margin quarter.
Max Gumport : Right, I'll leave it there. Thanks very much. 
Steve Voskuil : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line John Baumgartner with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
John Baumgartner : Good morning. Thanks for the question. First off, Michele, in confection, you're bringing more capacity online, increasing brand spending as well. But how are you thinking about in store activation at this point? I think going back pre-COVID, there was an increased focus in the aisle with the king size and some different shelf sets. Then you move to the checkout lines, and then you would take in some shelf space for magazine [ph] and non-consumable. So as we think about 2023, and I guess even beyond at this point, where the levers you see as most impactful from here? Where do you can you still benefit from activation going forward?
Michele Buck : So we are always looking to optimize across the entire mix of levers that we have to drive activation. Managing the shelf distribution, shelf space is always a priority. There were some areas as we were lighter on capacity, where we were unable to fill some of those distribution needs. So we see some of that ahead of us as an opportunity as we have improved service. We talked a little bit earlier about the marketing spending where we had pulled back again, because we were lighter on capacity, so reinstating, that.  We know that there's a very strong return on that, reinvesting the front end. Retailers are always looking at how they optimize front end space. And so we partner with them. And we continue to see opportunity there. And as we look at our in store promotional spending, we do believe that getting visibility and display in store is important to our business. That said, our promotional spending is below COVID levels. And we've seen that we've continued to be able to drive the business, where those promotion levels are today.  So that's not a key priority to reinstate back to the past.
John Baumgartner : Okay, thanks for that. And then Steve, on the salty snacks margin. There was a lot of noise this year, you mentioned the catch up on pricing. You had the warehousing in Q4. You had some reduced promo and advertising spending. As we think about the sequential increase in margin from Q3 to Q4, is it possible to bucket those tailwinds across the different elements? Or maybe what do you think the underlying run rate is for segment margin exiting '22? Is mid-teens, high teens, just trying to think about the moving pieces versus the structural improvements there, just far. Thank you. 
Steve Voskuil : Yeah, it's a fair question. There have been a lot of movements across the quarters. I think, think about run rate in the mid teens. That's probably a good baseline to operate from let's say. There will still be movement across the quarters, probably, especially as we look to the back half of this year with that ERP transition that we talked about. As we get further into the year we will give more color to some of that variability. But if you think about mid-teens, that's probably a good starting spot.
John Baumgartner : Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. So it's been about 15 points or so over the past two years of pricing. And I was wondering if you could characterize -- I know that's data driven. But I wonder if you characterize how much of that was driven by this narrative about rising costs and if costs continue to moderate or even decline, should we expect some -- is the expectation from the retailer that some of that pricing goes away if costs go down, or has this just all been a change in the conversation to let's work together to grow the category? Just curious about how much risk do you have, if cost in fact start to moderate or decline? Thank you. 
Steve Voskuil : Sure. 
Michele Buck : No, we always work together with retailers to try and maximize category growth. That is our fundamental premise, especially being leaders in all of the categories that we are in. If the category is growing, we feel really good that we will benefit from that growth. Historically, there hasn't really been a move in the category to execute price declines or price rollbacks. As prices kind of have gone up, they have tended to stick in the marketplace, as a matter of principle of how that category dynamics have worked.  And what we really try and do is to leverage some of that favorability in price in our holistic model, to reinvest for growth, whether that's reinvesting in capabilities to get smarter about managing the shelf with the retailer, helping them to find new points of interruption, or whether that is incremental consumer investment.
Jonathan Feeney: Makes sense? Thank you. 
Steve Voskuil : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question and answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Ms. Poole for any final comments. 
Melissa A. Poole : Thank you so much for joining us this morning. We will be available for any follow-up questions you have. Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to The Hershey Company Third Quarter 2021 Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn this call over to your host, Ms. Melissa A. Poole, Vice President, Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa A. Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the Hershey Company's third quarter 2022 earnings Q&A Session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre-recorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A Session, we will also post the transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A Session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning everybody. 
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. Maybe first off you discussed in the prepared marks, say you expect a strong top and bottom line performance in 2023. I guess given where the markets are it seems like items like pension and interest expense will be sort of incremental headwinds obviously for the group as a whole next year. I was wondering if you would be able to help level set us a little bit on sort of where some of these items, at least that you do have visibility to might sit for next year. And I guess if they are material enough to kind of derail the earnings performance in the year.
Michele Buck: Sure. Andrew, let me start with a little bit of an overview and then I will let Steve dive into a few more of the specifics. So, overall, we believe we can deliver an on algorithm year next year. We believe our sales will be slightly ahead of algorithm. Pricing will be about comparable to 2021. We anticipate that our gross margins will be stable. We will have a step up in investment as we reinvest, reinstate some of the DME spend. Now that we have more capacity available to really be able to be able to take advantage of that and also to invest in capabilities to secure profitable, sustainable future. And we think all of that will net down to strong earnings performance that will likely be at the high end of our algorithm. So that's a little bit of an overview, but Steve, I'll let you kind of go a little bit deeper.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Just on the discrete items, kind of to answer your question at a summary first, we don't see any derailers in terms of those discrete areas, we will have more pension expense. Our estimate today would probably be $5 million more year-over-year for next year. On the pension side this year we've picked up about $10 million of incremental pension expense. Next year I would, again, markets can change, but today I would probably estimate that is probably twice that number for next year. But neither of those are material enough to shift the needle.
Michele Buck: Yes. Sorry, just to clarify that first $5 million moves to interest for the year.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, sorry.
Michele Buck: And then the pension probably about a $20 million.
Steve Voskuil: Yes.
Andrew Lazar: That's really helpful.
Steve Voskuil: Yes.
Andrew Lazar: Very helpful. And then just lastly, I mean, as you mentioned, you've got incremental pricing on top for 2023. And I appreciate you're planning for greater elasticity than you've seen thus far, which is prudent, but obviously you delivered strong volume this year in the face of high single digit pricing. You've got more capacity coming online. I think ANC is expected to grow faster than sales next year. Dot's entering, I think, the organic calculation to start the year and obviously strong underlying momentum. So I guess at a minimum, shouldn't these help at least mitigate the potential for building elasticities in 2023? I'm just trying to make sure I'm not missing anything else on either side of the ledger. Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I mean, I think, that's the right way to think about it. As Michele said at the top, I think, we've got a lot of positives in the story for next year as some of the things you mentioned rolled through. And I'm sure we'll have challenges, but we don't see anything yet that is a derailing sort of a factor.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you very much.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks operator. Good morning everyone. Hey Michele, in the prepared remarks you referenced consumer behavior and maybe seeing some changes in where people shop, I guess, channels and pack types. Could you just elaborate a little bit more on that and maybe how Hershey is adjusting to that?
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So we are seeing some of those changes in how they are spending. Fortunately, we are seeing them continue to spend, but there is some reprioritization. So specifically value channels and value packs are selling well. We are also seeing some improvements in private label performance and really we're seeing this across the board slightly more noticeable with lower income consumers, but really across all different income levels. Within our categories the trends have really remained very strong as the consumer continues to prioritize snacking and particularly sweet treats. And obviously we have minimal private label presence. So we continue to see that our products remain an affordable treat for families and for consumers. And we know that part of that is they want to reward themselves when times are tough. They also use these products to relieve stress. And we think that those trends will continue. I think on a class to trade basis just to augment relative to the channel piece we have seen particular strength in mass, in club, and in dollar. So certainly in channels that represent strong value.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thank you.
Michele Buck: Sure.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is in the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: You've got strong momentum on Reese’s obviously up, I think, it was 16% in the quarter and certainly adding capacity is paying off even Payday which we don't hear too much about typically, is up very strongly behind some new capacity. Can you just maybe give us a little bit more specifics looking ahead in terms of how some of the capacity unfolds? I think you've given maybe like a five-year outlook, but in terms of say next year, would it be – is it about a fifth comes over the next five years? Do we have to wait longer? Is there a bigger bump near term? Just help us maybe think about some of the pacing because the capacity certainly is working when you can add it.
Michele Buck: So, we certainly have, I would say, a continuous effort against broadening our capacity, certainly focused only on where we see those really strong returns. Next year, for example, we are planning for five new manufacturing lines to start up throughout the year and that includes three new Reese’s lines. So we do expect a pretty nice increase in capacity. However, some of the investment that we have in 2023 will also be for production that doesn't come online until 2024. So, not all of the incremental spend directly relates to 2023, but we do have continuous capacity coming online into the future years with a big focus on 2023 and 2024. Is that helpful?
Michael Lavery: That's helpful, yes. It's a little bit more near term skewed it sounds like. And just on Dot's, if I could follow up there, very strong momentum, it looks like it came in about 40% ahead of what we had thought the run rate was when you bought that business. Can you just point to what some of the drivers are and how to think about the sustainability of that kind of momentum?
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So on Dot's, a big piece of our gains has been continuing to grow distribution. As we purchased the business, there was significant opportunity, particularly on the east coast and with certain customers we were somewhat underdeveloped with Walmart. So Walmart was a big gainer on distribution. Obviously that's a huge customer. At the same time, we're also focused on optimizing the consumer model and all of the spend to maximize impact and starting to drive incremental investment and brand building which is our model across our entire portfolio, which we think will give us further upside beyond the distribution going forward. The other thing I want to just clarify on the capacity piece is while we have significant effort in 2023 and 2024, there will be continued – if you look across our entire portfolio, continued capacity coming online into the future years beyond that as well. If you look at confections, snacks, et cetera, across the board.
Michael Lavery: Really helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is in the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed you with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. Two very different questions. Are there any initial efforts being made to try to consolidate your snack brands together in either route to market or any other operating functions? My understanding is that they get to market in very different ways. And then also for Steve, just wanted to know if you can help us with seasonality in 2023. First half looks like a tough comparison but maybe that's just OpEx [ph].
Michele Buck: Yes. So relative to our snack brands, to date we have been running those businesses separately as we have had a dedicated focus on continuing to drive ahead the amplified business and also to really integrate the Dot's business as we just took it over in December. Going forward, we are now starting to take a much more holistic look across all of salty with the focus as we go into 2023 on really how we integrate those businesses together across the board to really capture and leverage scale and synergy across everything. Supply chain, marketing, go-to-market, et cetera. So that's really the phase that we are entering now, and I think we believe that's how we will also begin to unlock some of the gross margin expansion that we need to go after on that business. Steve?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, very good. Nothing to add there. On the seasonality, I don't think there is a big story. We've got a big year to laugh, full stop first and second half, and so I don't think – we're not thinking about a big nuance right now, first half versus second half. I don’t know if that's helpful.
Robert Moskow: It's simple. Thank you. I'll take it.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Goldman: Hi, just a very quick clarification. First Michele, I think, in response to Andrew's question, if I heard correctly, you said that pricing in 2023 will be similar to 2021. I assume you meant similar to 2022. Unless I heard you wrong.
Michele Buck: Yes. Sorry about that.
Ken Goldman: That's okay. I've lost time has lost all meeting to me post-COVID.
Steve Voskuil: I understand. 
Ken Goldman: And then really just a quick summary of next year to make sure I heard you correctly there. So you're talking about sales growth being very strong. You don't have an EBIT algorithm, I think. But is it fair to assume, just to summarize that you're expecting very strong sales growth, maybe a little bit higher than EBIT growth, which in turn is a little bit higher than EPS growth, but EPS growth still closer to maybe that 8% organic range with, I guess a small haircut from FX? Am I kind of summarizing that correctly?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I think you're in the right zip code. Yes.
Ken Goldman: Perfect. That's all I have. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: All right.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please just proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard : Good morning everyone.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Alexia Howard : Can I ask about the high-single digit increase in cost in 2023? I think generally we've been expecting that things might get a little bit easier. Obviously that is easier than what we've seen in 2022, but it's still a pretty big hurdle to get over. Specifically, where are the pain points? What's continuing to go up? How much of it is locked in? Do you have good visibility into that? And is it likely to moderate through the course of the year? So maybe hiring the first half versus the second half. Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, as you said, it's high. It's not as high as this year. And to that extent I like to be in a position when we give more guidance for next year to say we're sort of stabilizing gross margins overall. But nonetheless, still expecting high-single-digit inflation. And where is it coming from? On the commodity side, we still have some commodity pressure in some commodities where we don't have complete hedging coverage, packaging costs, logistics, still seeing inflation in people costs, some energy costs. I would also say technology is probably another one that's starting to be a bigger component. And so across that basket, we're still seeing high-single-digit inflation. I would hope by the time we get to the back half of next year, you're again, starting to see more moderation as we start to lap more of those inflationary costs, but still expecting a pretty significant list next year. Our visibility is pretty good. With our hedging and longer term contracts, I think, we do have pretty good perspective on that number today.
Alexia Howard : Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Pamela Kaufman: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Melissa A. Poole: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: Can you discuss the shipment timing dynamics that impacted Q3 results? You pointed to earlier seasonal shipments and inventory replenishment benefiting top line in the quarter. So where are retailer inventory levels now and are there any additional timing shifts that we should be aware of over the coming quarters? And then just on the Q4 implied guidance, which points to deceleration to low-single digit growth, is that largely reflection of the inventory dynamics or are there other factors contributing to the outlook?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the inventory timing for Q3 the two big factors that we talked about were one, some inventory build as we mentioned, we didn't expect as much inventory build as we saw in Q3. Again, what we did see wasn't as big as we saw earlier in the year but it was a factor of bottom point. And then we also saw some seasonal pull forward, and this continues a little bit of a trend of retailers pulling seasons in earlier and earlier and saw – we saw about a two-point benefit in the third quarter from that. As we look to the fourth quarter we also expect we'll see some seasonal pull forward with Valentine's and Easter, so that will have some impact potentially on Q4. But the – probably the biggest factor in the Q4 guided really just the assumptions around elasticity and again, being a little bit prudent as we think about what's happening with the consumer and not being quite as aggressive as maybe more recent elasticity we've seen.
Pamela Kaufman: Great. And can you comment on current promotional levels? You indicated that they're back to more normalized levels. Can you address what types of promotions you're implementing and how you're balancing higher promotions with the capacity constraints? And then do you expect promotions to continue to step up next year?
Michele Buck: Yes. So our promotions are pretty much in line with historical. When we do promotion in this category, it's always our first objective to get display because these can drive – this category can drive a lot of impulse. So a focus on feature and display, display where possible and as usual we always put a big focus on our core brands. So we may use news to create some excitement on a display, but we know that our core brands are the strongest mover and that's really where the bulk of the focus will be. So it's a bit where we are on promotion. If we think about next year we think we'll be at about the same level as we've been. There might be some shifts across the quarters, but pretty much in line.
Pamela Kaufman: Great, thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Nick Modi with RBC. Please proceed with your questions.
Nick Modi: Yes. Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Michele Buck: Hi, Nick.
Nick Modi: Hi, Michele. So I was just wondering in terms of growth drivers, we've been getting a lot of good feedback on the pantry pack especially on the online channel, so I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about that and what your insights are saying, and maybe how – where you can take that strategy going forward? And then the second thing would be just on alternate channels. I mean obviously FDM has been a very strong area for Hershey, but there seems to be a lot of pockets of opportunity and in other channels not measured. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on that strategy as you move forward?
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So as we approach innovation we've really evolved our strategy over time to continue to provide product news, but also really to look at packaging as a big unlock because packaging enables us to provide consumers with our core brands, which they love but in a different packaging format that tends to open up a new occasion and that can be very powerful and very sustainable and that's really what the pantry pack did. As consumers are spending more time at home it's almost the ability to have their own single-serve dispenser in their pantry or in their refrigerator if they so desire. So we're really pleased with how it's doing to date. We still have some distribution upside opportunity to further capture but it's done what we were hoping to and we'll continue to focus on packaging for new occasions. Relative to non measured and alternate channels, yes, this has always been a focus for us. I would say its capacity got tight, we pulled back a little bit, de-prioritized a little bit during COVID but we are really leaning back in now and the team is aggressively focused on really trying to get our products everywhere that they possibly can.
Nick Modi: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Hey folks, good morning. Thanks for slotting me in.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Jason English: A couple of questions. And so first in prepare remarks; I think you noted that you're expecting growth trends on everyday products to moderate. Can you elaborate on what you're seeing and also comment on how this influences your view of I guess how much more capacity you have to push price on every day and whether or not you should be looking to layer on a bit more promotion to counter whatever trend you're seeing?
Michele Buck: So we've been pretty happy with the strong trends that we have seen on retail takeaway. And certainly throughout the year we've been trying to balance the seasonal sell through with everyday business and really look at the two somewhat holistically. I think we've been held back a little bit as you mentioned through capacity. We're excited that next year we open up a bit more capacity, which then allows us to reinstate some of the spending that we had pulled back on, which we think will also provide some momentum for us going forward.
Jason English: Okay. Switching gears; M&A, your track record of late has been pretty successful. Your balance sheet certainly suggests you have capacity for more. Do you have organizational bandwidth to do more anytime soon or is all eyes of detention focused on integrating dots and also it sounds like not just integrating dots, but addressing the whole structure of salty snacks as you look to combine those businesses and leverage those synergies you discussed?
Michele Buck: I mean, certainly I would say job one for us is the integration and continued growth and acceleration of the entire salty portfolio. So we do really have scale there now and a lot of opportunity ahead of us. Great top line momentum and then opportunity to leverage that scale to improve the margin structure; so that's clearly job one. That said we are always looking and evaluating the marketplace and given the health of our balance sheet, we certainly would consider something that made sense for us that we believe we could execute well.
Jason English: Understood.
Michele Buck: Yes.
Jason English: Understood. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your questions.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just wanted to ask a little more of a near-term question around the fourth quarter. You had – it sounds like you have some further pull forward of next year's season or 2023 seasons? And then I also think you have an easy shipping comparison with the previous year we had less shipping days in the fourth quarter of 2021. I just wanted to get a sense what that means for a volume in the fourth quarter with little extra seasons and then a little extra benefit from the shipping day factor?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. On the season side, it's not a net benefit because we've pulled some of the Q4 into Q3 season, so we got a little bit of a deficit that will be potentially partly made up by pull forward at 2023 seasons, that's probably the biggest piece; in terms of calendar-days it really not a big factor for shipping days.
Chris Growe: You had two less shipping days on the fourth quarter of 2021. Does that not compare beneficially to this year no?
Steve Voskuil: Not.
Michele Buck: I think the calendar only shift by maybe one-day this year, so it shouldn't have a material impact.
Chris Growe: Okay. Got it. And I did – a quick question around the gross margin as I look at the gross margin decline year-over-year and look at the margins by division, I'm just curious is there more of a gross margin kind of lag or shortfall basically a pricing versus cost inflation shortfall in salty snacks versus confectionary. I'm just trying to get a sense of the pricing coming through in confectionary, should that benefit the margin and would that therefore benefit the overall gross margin more so? Or is it salty snacks that needs more pricing here to offset the inflation?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. So there's a lot in there. I think obviously pricing on confectionary is great in the plan. We'll see – we'll see the full effect of that in the fourth quarter and it'll be a big factor in the 2023 outlook. On salty we have taken price, it probably hasn't come to the market quite as fast and as Michelle said, as we look at strengthening that business and the gross margins and at the same time continuing the rapid growth on the top line pricing is a lever like it is for all our businesses that we'll continue to look at. And what I'm pleased with is we look at the progression of the salty margins even this year. We started out the first quarter order of magnitude, I think 1,200 basis points down year-over-year, that's improved sequentially and we'd expect that to approve again in the fourth quarter. So as we get to the – as we get to next year continuing to drive margin improvement in that business through all levers available is going to be a high priority.
Chris Growe: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Cody Ross with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Cody Ross: Good morning. Thank you for taking our questions. Based on the prepared remarks, it sounds like your underlying volume excluding the seasonal shipments and retailer inventory replenishment was down. Is that correct? And how did that compare to your expectations?
Steve Voskuil: Q3 is roughly flat overall and I would say it was in line with expectations. Like I said, we probably put a little more inventory than we expected, but where we landed on base volume was more or less in line with what we expected.
Cody Ross: Thank you for that. And then I think you mentioned your chocolate market share was up versus pre pandemic. Can I assume that's dollar share? Can you just comment on how that compares from a volume share perspective? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes. That was dollar share and it is similar from a volume share perspective.
Cody Ross: Okay, great. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thank you. Michele, you mentioned in your prepared remarks about a lot of food industry leaders have mentioned while reporting pretty good numbers in the past couple of weeks. A sense of, I think it was concern about or concern about the stress that inflation was bringing to consumers. And I think that's certainly true and it's certainly an impact on retailers, but if I just dived into the data you have like where are you seeing that, if anywhere? Is trade down behavior happening? And how, if you think about I don't know prior periods where there's nothing quite like this period, but say consumer distress accompanied by rising inflation. I think we had something like that dynamic in 2010. How did consumers behave and as you look forward how is this go around with the consumer reacting to a tougher environment driven by crowding out factor some other costs; how does this compare?
Michele Buck: Yes. So we remain very focused on the consumer and certainly we are aware of the pressures that are on them. What I would say is overall it has not impacted our total performance and overall product performance to a large degree. Yes, there are some shifts in terms of seeing more consumers buying value packs, purchasing in value channels, and then certainly in other categories where private label has really dialed up. But I would say overall we need to continue to be always focused on the consumer and when they could hit a breaking point, but to date as we look at our elasticity we really aren't seeing signs of that impacting our business. That said, we're going to be very focused on it going forward because we don't want to – we don't want to miss a trend. I would say historically our category has tended to fare pretty well during these times because it is an affordable indulgence when consumers can't afford a lot of other things.
Jonathan Feeney: Very clear. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. You mentioned in the prepared remarks that capacity was added for Reese's and Gummies in 3Q. How much of a capacity increase was that? And were you in any way constrained on these platforms before this or is this just simply anticipatory of ongoing growth?
Michele Buck: Yes. We're not going to get into a lot of the specifics around specific brand capacity just for overall competitive reasons. But yes, we were constrained on both and this capacity did allow us to unlock whether it was broader distribution, reinstating of promotions, upping our marketing spend selectively et cetera.
David Palmer: Yes. Understood on that. I wanted to ask on convenience channels and single-serve packaging, I've heard certain retail measures of food service like convenience store, food service have gotten stronger lately. I wonder where is your volume in convenience and single-serve packaging? If you look at checkout counters too; how does that compare versus pre-COVID? Are you all the way back is – is that ramping more quickly than some of your other packaging?
Michele Buck: I would say that overall for convenience stores in total not specific to our business, some of the trends have moderated particularly with regard to unit purchase, though I'd say snacking and confection products continued outpace the overall store and they are growing double digits. So certainly we had seen a pretty significant decline when consumers were not mobile and now that consumers are much more mobile than they were previously, we've seen that business really come back.
David Palmer: Is that going to be a meaningful help to profitability mix or is it not a big deal?
Michele Buck: No, not really. I mean, overall we sell single-serve in other units or in other channels as well. So no.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I'll turn the call back to Melissa Poole for closing remarks.
Melissa A. Poole: Thank you for joining us this morning. We look forward to catching up with you throughout that day to answer any other questions you may have. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company Second Quarter 2022 Question-and-answer session. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's second quarter 2022 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our prerecorded management remarks, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-reported remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also locate transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: As you discussed in the prepared remarks, inventory refill has certainly been nicely additive to volume growth through the first half of the year. Where do you think retailers are at this stage? And how much more of a benefit, I guess, can this be in the second half from the prepared remarks, if I'm reading it right, it seems to suggest maybe the bulk of that inventory refill is behind you at this point and maybe no longer enough to necessarily offset what volume elasticity you are seeing? So just some clarity there would be helpful.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, that's exactly right, Andrew. We saw a pretty strong inventory replenishment in the second quarter as we commented. A portion of that was a pull-forward from the second half, so really a timing move. So as we look at the back half, we're really not seeing any additional meaningful inventory replenishment in the second half guidance.
Andrew Lazar: Right. And then sort of following on that, I guess, as you and others slowly start to get back to a better inventory position and some of the supply constraints slowly ease. I guess, not surprisingly, we're starting to hear from, I think from Hershey and others that they'll be in a better position, maybe for the first time in a while, right, to begin to kind of ramp back up merchandising activity to drive volume and traffic. And I can understand why in this environment, some might simply see that as retailer concessions, given all the pricing that's come through in the industry and with commodities starting to roll over. I assume you see this as more getting back to maybe a more normal cadence of spending and really looking just to drive volumes and traffic and protect elasticity’s that I still think can be, in many cases, incremental to the business, but I was hoping, Michelle, you could kind of comment a little bit on that, if you could. Thank you so much.
Michele Buck: Yeah, absolutely. As we have always talked about our investment model or our model and running the businesses, we strongly believe in investing to drive the top line and with our strong margins that enables us on the bottom line. So we always want to be spending to the consumer advertising our brands, having the right levels of promotion, the right levels of innovation. And as we mentioned earlier, given some of those supply constraints, we did have to pull off on that a bit just because it didn't make sense to make those investments given some of those constraints. But we very much look forward to re-upping the investments as we look at the second half. We have always planned an increase both in DMEs as well as incremental merchandising coming back online.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Hi, Alexia.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi there. So can I ask about the -- you talked about the general supply chain disruption that you're still experiencing. Can you talk about exactly where the pain points are? And I'm thinking across raw materials, packaging, labor, where are the things that you're really wrestling with at the moment? And are you seeing light at the end of the tunnel at this point? It sounds as though things are getting a little easier. And then I have a follow-up.
Michele Buck: I mean I'd say, generally, we continue to see struggles across the supply chain. How I'd characterize it is what those are have evolved. So where we are now, I would say, early on, it was some of the basic logistics issues largely driven by labor. And as we've evolved, I'd say, we're now starting to see bigger concerns relative to scarcity of ingredients, needing to leverage different suppliers at higher costs and price points in order to secure production and then also the geopolitical environment has put certain strains on the business. Certainly, the Ukraine-Russia issue created some scarcity and issue with ingredients. And more recently, there have been additional restrictions from Russia on the EU relative to natural gas. Germany will be impacted. That's an area where we source a lot of equipment, supplies, as do many of our suppliers. So I would say that that's kind of evolved. Steve, would you add anything to that?
Steve Voskuil: The only thing I would add is that we're also starting to see more cost flow through from third parties, so co-packers, co-manufacturers, and those -- a lot of those are under contract, and so it happens as those contracts renew but they're facing the same cost pressures and disruptions that we're facing. And so we're starting to see more of that impact the P&L as well.
Michele Buck: I guess I'd also just add, we have made significant progress in investments in capacity, significant investments. And so part of our short-term pain was once you make those investments, it takes some time to get them up and running to get to the lines actually in place. And so part of some of the relief we're seeing is the gradual coming online of those capabilities as well, which is helpful.
Alexia Howard: That's super helpful. Thank you so much for all the color there. And just as a follow-up, how big is India these days. You called it out in the prepared remarks, I haven't seen much news on India for a while. And I'm just wondering, how do you avoid the same problems coming up that you had in China several years ago? I know you've moved -- backed off from China and doing it more arms length these days, why is India a different market? Why can that work over the longer term? Thank you and I’ll pass it on.
Michele Buck: India is still relatively very small for us, growing high double digits. But back when we really made our decisions on China and India, for me, the key difference in India is the cost of doing business in that market is very different. So media costs, labor costs. And so in both markets, we thought we had the potential to drive top line. But as we really did assessment and looked at the NPV of our investment, India is a market that we feel good about our prospects of getting to profitable growth. Frankly, we're already in a place that we like relative to where gross margins are on that business, very different than where we ever were in China.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, Michele. Hi, Steve.
Michele Buck: Hi.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Robert Moskow: Good morning. I thought the comments about 2023 were pretty encouraging, albeit at a pretty early stage. You said that you expect your pricing actions to be partially offset by high single-digit inflation and then you also have productivity. So is that -- do you expect the pricing lap to offset inflation, cost inflation in 2023 because you've had lags in 2022. So I guess that's a positive. And then maybe you could talk about the advertising increase that you're thinking you need to do. How much of that is just restoring what's lagged so far? And how do you think about how much investment is needed?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah. I mean, for 2023, we're still talking at a pretty high level. We'll get a lot more fine-tuned as we get through the third quarter and get more picture for next year. But we are seeing high single-digit price is the expectation to come through. Volume wise, we'll watch and see how consumers be able to know more about elasticity’s as we come out of this year. And as you said, overall inflation, we're still seeing high single digits. When you peel into that, we'll have some -- I expect some commodity impact still as we'll be rolling off to more favorable hedges into hedges that were struck at prices that look more like recent times. We still see logistics and third-party cost impacts in there. And I think it's too soon yet to say whether the price is going to fully offset all of those inflationary impacts, we'll know more again as we get through the third quarter towards the end of the year. But we do want to increase advertising and we called that out in the remarks. We see that growing faster than the rate of sales. And as you said, it's really, as Michele said minutes ago, making sure that we continue to reinvest in brands, reinvest in consumers and have a healthy level of investment once we have supportability.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Did you say that, Steve, that you expect your pricing to be up high single digit next year because of the flow-through?
Steve Voskuil: That's correct.
Robert Moskow: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Michele Buck: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. One quick one and then a longer one on Halloween. I just wanted to get a sense, if possible, for the North America salty snacks business, the margin going forward. We've seen some volatility there. Just wanted to kind of get a sense for how to model that in the next couple of quarters, given some of the cloudiness we have in our model or at least our model on that one?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. I'd be happy to take that one. So as you saw in Q2 looks a lot like Q1. We continue to see higher raw material costs and logistics costs that for these two quarters are more than offsetting the price that we've taken so far. That said, we've announced more price increase in the second quarter. So as we roll forward through the next two quarters, we do expect to see some stability and relief there. We're also going to begin to lap in the back half some of the higher logistics costs that we've been talking about. And so that will provide a little bit of relief there as well. And then longer term, as we talked about on last quarter's call, we continue to advance the structural changes that we need to do for that division. So things like setting up or formalizing the supply chain, some of the back-office efficiencies that we need to put in place. And longer term, that will drive more structural improvement. But right now, it's kind of fighting the balance between pricing and inflation and commodities costs.
Ken Goldman: Thank you for that. And then I wanted to ask about Halloween. It's early to be precise, but you guided to high single-digit sales growth. And you said that part of the reason is you're still capacity constrained, I was a little curious why the guidance wasn't higher. Maybe it's just -- there was a very difficult comp or you're facing a difficult comp from last year. Maybe it's just a little bit of conservatism because it's still early. But I would have expected maybe capacity to be less of an issue just given how important the holiday is. And maybe you could be rather in an all hands-on deck mode right and producing as much seasonal candy as possible. But maybe that's just an overly simplistic view of your supply chain. But I was just curious why that guidance wasn't a little bit higher?
Michele Buck: So Ken, as we look at the business, we had a strategy of prioritizing every day on-shelf availability. It was a tough decision to balance that with the seasons, but we thought that was really important. And so that was a choice that we needed to make. We had opportunity to deliver more Halloween, but we weren't able to supply that. And we were really producing. We began producing Halloween back in the spring. And that's really when we needed to make these key decisions on what we were going to produce, so tough trade out to make. We feel really good about having high single-digit growth, but we also feel good about as we get into the future being able to have more capacity to really fulfill more of the demand that we see during the season.
Steve Voskuil: It's definitely all hands on deck. You make mistake.
Ken Goldman: Understood. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Hi, good morning folks. Thanks for letting me in.
Michele Buck: Hi, Jason.
Jason English: I guess I want to start on capacity because there's a little bit of conflicting messages here. I think on one side, you've got enough capacity to be refilling retailer inventory levels. But on the other side, you don't have enough capacity to meet demand for some products. Can you help me put those two conflicting things and also give me a little bit better understanding of where the bottlenecks are, and what the pathway and time line is to relieve those bottlenecks?
Michele Buck: Yeah. So capacity is constrained, but obviously in certain parts of the portfolio, more than others. So there are certain places we have no constraints and there are other places that we are more constrained. We've shared previously that Reese's is one of the areas where we have seen high double-digit growth for extended periods of time. It's our very largest brand. So that's certainly been a pressure point. And then there are a few other places that have been pressure points and where we've needed to make trade-offs in order to prioritize some parts of the portfolio. So we continue to work through a capacity investment plan to address where the soft areas are and bring capacity online. So that might be part of the mixed messaging is there are certain places we're not constrained others that we are. Refreshment specifically Icebreakers Mint is one area where we had some production difficulties as we ramped production back up after the COVID softness. And so that's one place as well that we're continuing to work to get more supply available. Does that help?
Jason English: It does. It doesn't shed a lot of light on when you think the issues will be behind you, but it certainly helps in understanding where the issues are.
Michele Buck: So as we get through the issues, I would say we're making -- I would characterize it as gradual improvement. Certainly, we are, I would say, quite constrained this year. We see that gradually improving as we get through 2023. And as we get to 2024, we feel much better about our ability to be able to fully meet demand. So that's how I would characterize it. Steve, anything…
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, just the color around in the last three years, we've invested on the order of $800 million on capacity mostly in the core. And so we've got 13 new lines in place coming online. We've refurbished 11 and so as Michele said, over the next year or two, we're going to start to see more significant capacity available.
Michele Buck: If it helps. The investments that we made will result in about a 15% increase in our internal volume production capability. That should allow us to catch up but also to deliver some of that future growth.
Jason English: For sure. That's helpful. And I want to come back to Rob Moskow's question real quick. It was -- I was surprised that you were offering color on 2023 this early? It's uncharacteristic of you. And it begs the question of why? I guess Rob showed one interpretation of, hey, like you have inflation, but your price above it. Don't worry gross margins are weak now, but they'll come back to growth next year. I guess, it's one way to interpret it. The other is your emphasis on we're going to lean into spending next year, so don't get out over your tips in terms of how much margin flow through is going to drop to the bottom line. Which were those two interpretations do you think we should be leaning towards?
Steve Voskuil: I would just say it's still pretty early. We're trying to just give some broad movements on the top line and inflation. That's really the part that we could share. I say we're learning more every month and quarter that goes by, we'll have a lot more to share as we get to the end of the year. So really not trying to get ahead of our skis just extending some of the color we see right now.
Michele Buck: And Jason, if I would just add a little bit was just related to some of the pricing that's in the marketplace and expecting to come, trying to put that in perspective around how much 2023 factored into that choice and just trying to make sure that everybody was understanding some of the inflation that we see coming in 2023 to help put some of that pricing in perspective as well.
Jason English: For sure, for sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Just wanted to follow-up on, I guess, the -- just the commentary around inflation. And I guess two things, Steve. One, you mentioned -- it's been mentioned in the call that there's some of the pressure is like scarcity of ingredients, and it's more than just like market-based type things, right? So I guess what I was trying to understand is just how much of the increase in COGS that you're experiencing now as maybe a more permanent shift? And how much of it is still a function of just the current environment, and maybe there will be some relief like disinflation at some point in time? So just trying to understand how much do you think is really just, hey, look, this is now our kind of permanently rebased higher costs, or is there -- or do you think some of this could be more variable and you get some disinflation in the future?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. So it's a really good question, and it's hard to answer that one with precision as you look at all the moving pieces there are clearly some that we would see as temporary. The scarcity issues, hopefully, some of the commodities pressures that are being influenced by the events in Eastern Europe, things like that. On the other side, we've seen more labor inflation and other things that could prove to be more structural. And so again, as we get to the end of the year, and we get some guidance for next year, I'll probably give some more color on that. But it is a mix. Some are temporary and some at least have the potential to be longer lasting. That said, we also focus on productivity and continuous improvement every year and extend the goal of that program is to be able to more than offset over time some of those structural costs. And so that also has to continue to advance.
Bryan Spillane: Right, right, right. Okay. All right. That's all I had. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Morning.
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to come back to Dot's, which obviously is up very strongly. I would love to understand a little bit more some of the dynamics there. How much is distribution driven? And maybe more importantly, how much distribution upside runway do you still have left?
Michele Buck: Sure. So we are absolutely very pleased with Dot's performance in the marketplace and the momentum that we see. I think what we're really happy about is we continue to gain distribution, but we are maintaining our velocities as we continue to broaden reach. And that can be a challenge to do as you continue to broaden reach into sometimes some of the smaller accounts. So all the trends are in line with our expectations. Retail sales growing about 50% over the past 12 weeks, share up about 370 basis points. We are right now lapping some large distribution increases from prior year. So we do expect to see a little bit of softening in trend as we overlap that, but we do have continued distribution upside as we took over the business, the distribution was really concentrated primarily in the center of the country and the West. And we're really still filling out the East and importantly, just making sure that we have the right placement in stores and then, of course, beginning to actually market and drive consumer messaging to the brand, which we help think will further drive upside in velocities.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And just a quick follow-up on the pricing, I know you've said you've got at least most if maybe not all of it that's announced. Is there any of that's sort of TBD or to be negotiated, or is it all locked and loaded and just a question of on the cloud ready to go out the door?
Michele Buck: Our recent announced pricing action is being executed. It is going as planned, and we're starting to see some of the new retails in the market already. We feel good that we really took a consumer focused approach for the right retail price points, and we're also beginning to reset some of the promotional points. So overall, the prices are moving in line with our recommendations and our expected ranges. And we are pleased about that as we want to really move ahead with further investments in the business and capacity and consumer spending, new capabilities and the right programming and all of this will allow us to do that to drive profitable category growth.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Thank you. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Good morning. I just had a question first on your -- the recent price increases you put into place in particular, across confectionery. I guess, to understand, I guess you see very little of that coming through this year. It would seem like some would come through but very little. And then just to what degree that's caused you to build in a higher degree of elasticity into your second half assumption? I just want to get a better feel for that.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah. I mean it's right. Most of it will impact next year. We will get a benefit in the fourth quarter. But even a portion of that benefit, we're reinvesting in – with the trade and to drive merchandising and so forth. But most of it will impact next year. In terms of elasticity assumptions, we do have in the back half in elasticity that is a little bit better than what we've seen historically, but a little bit worse than what we saw in the first half. It actually looks a lot like the second quarter, if you adjusted for the volume replenishment, that level of elasticity is the assumption for the back half. And then, of course, the range on guidance kind of goes up and down from there.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then one related question to that would be, do you expect pricing to sequentially accelerate in the second quarter – I'm sorry, in the third quarter from the second quarter or maybe more Q4 with the confectionery pricing coming through? And then do you believe you can grow volume in the second half of the year? You've had some really strong volume trends to date.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. So we don't see sequential improvement in the third quarter. We do in the fourth quarter, and that's when we'll see the beginning effects of the price increase. And we don't expect to see volume growth. Again, with that elasticity impact defined with the pull forward of the inventory replenishment from the second half into the second quarter.
Chris Growe: Got it. That's all I have. Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Cody Ross with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Simon Negin: Good morning. This is Simon Negin filling in for Cody Ross. Could you give some additional detail into the delays in capacity coming online next year? Is this only impacting lease? And how much of an impact is expected?
Steve Voskuil: The – so most of the capacity that will be coming online is focused on the core Reese's one significant component of that. I don't think we're going to be specific about exactly how much is coming on when, but that is the focus of the capacity.
Simon Negin: Got you. And just one smaller question. Obviously, dots is demonstrating incredible growth largely distribution gains. Moving forward, do you expect a change in consumer's trialing new brands and products when budgets are squeezed more in this environment, perhaps sticking to what they're comfortable with?
Michele Buck: It's a good question. I think across snacking, what we tend to see is consumers very much like their brands. So if you look across total food, as budgets are tighter, certainly, private label brands have grown share versus with across snacking, private label has not and consumers tend to like their brands. So I think that consumers will continue to try new brands, given that they have a real focus on brands within snacking. So we will closely monitor that. But at this point, we haven't seen any concerns around the slowdown in trial as a result of that.
Simon Negin: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. And great quarter. As far as pricing over the next 6 to 12 months, assuming we have, if we did have a moderating cost environment, how you lived through a lot of ups and downs in cost in this business. How do the – if there's been so much conversation, so much acceleration in pricing, much of that headline cost driven. How does it work – if – what changes about the conversation if costs move sharply in the other direction? Like they did in grains, for example, at least so far, off their peak? If costs moderate, how do you handle that? Do people – does it typically play out that it's increased promotion? Do you see decreased list prices, or do you see no impact in just a significant increase in gross margin? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean our focus is always on driving profitable category growth and looking at how we can invest to do so. We have a deep list of investment priorities and growth driving opportunities and so we believe that this enables us to really invest to unlock whether that is in capacity, whether that is in the right consumer marketing support, whether that is in more impactful promotions, investments in innovation, technology, et cetera. So, we like to invest back in the business. And I would say that's the overall approach and strategy that we take.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to pass the floor back over to Michele Buck for any closing comments.
Michele Buck: Thank you very much for your time today. We appreciate all the questions, and I know that many of you will have follow-ups with Melissa throughout the day. So thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2022 Question-and-Answer Session Conference. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company’s first quarter 2022 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre-recorded management presentation, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risk and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] The first question is coming from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Please go ahead. Andrew, your line is live. Please make sure you're not muted on your end.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody. Can you hear me?
Operator: Yes, we can hear you.
Melissa Poole: Yes, yes, we can.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you. I guess, first off by our estimate, it seems like you're raising full year organic sales by essentially the over delivery in the first quarter, meeting expectations for the remainder of the year haven't changed. Is that the way you're looking at it? And if so, I guess, why is that given the momentum in the business? And I realize you'll start to lapse some of the pricing as the year unfolds.
Michele Buck: Hey Andrew, good morning. I'm going to kick it off with a few responses and ask Steve to jump in as well. So first of all, I'd say we are really pleased with our first quarter results and the momentum that we see on the business. But it is pretty early in the year still. And as we all know, we continue to see significant volatility in the marketplace, whether it's record inflation, the Ukraine-Russia situation, continued disruption in the supply chain. As we dissect the business in the first quarter, clearly within the first quarter, the large majority of our sales were related to stronger elasticities that have been realized in the marketplace. But we do anticipate as we look further out in the year that we'll see some moderation on those elasticities, perhaps back to more historic levels. And a lot of that is driven by that reduction in government subsidies and the continued inflation pressure that we think consumers will experience. There was another component of our Q1 sales beat that was about a raise, that was about Dot's and our ability to really get our arms around the Dot's business and better understand what we thought it could deliver for the year. We have pretty good visibility into that. So we feel like the number there is pretty good. And then lastly, as we look at inventory, we've been really working hard to build inventory and we did get more inventory out to retail. We made a decision to do that in Q1 to really try and increase on-shelf availability. So from a sales perspective, as we look at what we realized versus how we think that will impact back half of the year, we think the strength in Q1 from sales is much stronger, but Steve, do you want to comment more about that and also relative to the constant profit situation.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, on the top line, I think you hit all the key points. The inventory piece was about a three point benefit to the first quarter. That'll come out in the back half. So that's one of the unique things, I guess, that drove the first quarter performance. And then Michele touched on the elasticities, we saw big benefit in the first quarter. We do expect to see elasticities normalize a bit as we go forward quarter-by-quarter through the year so those are probably the two biggest things that's soften a little bit of the outlook on the top line.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And then I guess, the second one would be sort of a similar thought process, but more on the EPS side, obviously the first quarter came in some $0.40 higher than the Street and raising the full year by $0.07. Maybe can you bridge that gap for us a little bit? Are you trying to be just somewhat conservative in your thought process given obviously an increasingly dynamic environment, which makes total sense or are there some other things that are more discreet that we want to make sure to keep in mind on the profit side? Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes. The biggest driver for first quarter earnings was that volume – 4.5 points volume in the quarter that dropped through to earnings. So that was the biggest factor. And there were some unique pieces as well. I think we called out a couple in the remarks. One was inventory reevaluation, which is sort of an unusual thing. We see it in times of higher inflation which has the impact of giving a benefit to the P&L and putting more cost on the balance sheet to reflect the cost of goods value there. So that was 100 basis points to the confection segment in this quarter that won't repeat going forward. And as you said, we do expect more year to go inflation. In the first quarter saw a little bit of that incremental inflation, but as we look forward, despite the hedging that we have in place, we're still going to have some incremental exposure, particularly to the commodities impacted by the events in Eastern Ukraine – or Eastern Europe, sorry.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you so much.
Michele Buck: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. There's a lot of detail in the prepared remarks about competitive activity that caused you to lose some market share during the Easter and your capacity constraints that led to that. As we head into Halloween, are you in a position to ramp up sufficiently so that you can hold your share? And the reason I ask is I remember during the pandemic, Halloween was a real tipping point for your distribution with retailers. You gained a lot of Goodwill after that. You gained a lot of distribution, are you in a position so that that there's no risk of that reversing?
Michele Buck: Yes. So Rob clearly over the past two years, we have had some nice gains in share and certainly those have contracted recently given some of the capacity pressure. I think we're up about 50 basis points versus where we were pre-pandemic and our share versus our next largest competitor that gap has clearly widened and remains pretty strong about 200 basis points ahead of pre-pandemic levels. We are doing everything we can relative to building capacity, investing in new lines, distribution centers, hiring more people to build our supply as much as possible and working really closely with retailers as well on our plans for Halloween right now. So we expect that as we go through the year, we will continue to have supply challenges, although they will improve as we progress throughout the year. And we're working a hard to maximize the opportunity for Halloween.
Robert Moskow: Well, Halloween commitments are probably made pretty early. Can you give us any color as to what you're able to commit to right now?
Michele Buck: So we believe that just as we've seen strengths in the seasons over the past two years that we will continue to see strengths in the seasons throughout the year. This year we've seen it in Easter, but at this point in time, we're not going to give any more specifics on exactly what those growth numbers are going to be. I guess, I would say overall, what I would say is we're not really seeing any big changes in how our competitors are operating or in their strategies. So really it's a focus on us continuing to build supply. Over the past two years, we grew pounds about 7% versus our competitors in the marketplace collectively had a 1% decline in pounds. So we are just a little tighter on supplying capacity than the environment.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thanks for the question.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ken Goldman of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask about the margins and profitability in Salty Snacks. Steve, you gave a helpful explanation of a lot of the reasons behind, maybe what could be considered a little sluggishness versus what people were looking for, but I'm curious, to what extent did it fall below your expectations, if at all, what were the key drivers of that shortfall if there was one? And how quickly might we see a little bit of a rebound there?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, thanks Ken. Yes, it was sluggish from our side as well. Some of the margin degradation we expected. So the mix piece that we called out, obviously, as we brought Dot's into that portfolio. We also planned on higher raw materials for the portfolio for the year, but the incremental inflation that we've seen more recently again following the events in Eastern Europe are falling more into the Salty Snack space. So thinking cooking oil, wheat, and then just the smaller business impact on oil price flowing through that P&L so that was I could say a surprise piece relative to the raw material side. We're also in the process of starting up a new distribution center that began in the first quarter, we'll continue through the second quarter. And I'd say the startup there's been a little bit bumpier than we expected, although we're working our way through it and expect to see improvement as we go through with the next quarter. And then we did have also some higher advertising expense in the first quarter and that will moderate. That was part of the plan to spend more in the first quarter in part to offset some of the elasticity due to price increases there, which I think we've done a good job of because that business is growing strong double-digits, but we'll see that begin to moderate as we get to the next couple of quarter. So if I kind of point to the things that were a bit unusual, I'd say the DC startup, the incremental inflation, and probably higher advertising spend that we would normally see in that business.
Ken Goldman: Thank you. And just a quick follow up. I know these things are hard to sort of parse out, but is there any way to think about what the gross margin roughly might have been in the first quarter, if you were to exclude the inventory fill, you may have called that out and I missed it. I'm just curious for an estimate there.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. We didn't go that far in the remark and sort of back into what it might have been. What I would say is we talked about this a little bit on the last call as well. The opportunity here is really to optimize the new snacking division. So as we look at, even the work we're doing with the distribution center that's all pointed towards driving network efficiency. We're going to be working through supply chain efficiencies and of course, eventually back office efficiencies as well. And so we continue to be excited about the opportunity to drop more margin out of that business as we gain scale and get some of those integration points together.
Ken Goldman: Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason English of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for letting me in.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Jason English: Couple questions. So first snack margins, I think you said you had about 500 basis points degradation from mix. I imagine a good chunk of that's coming from the manufacturing asset you picked up. So question on that, how much snack capacities in that asset and you mentioned in prepared remarks that you're beginning to lean in and start producing some of your other snack items on that network, how much can you move over and how far can you shrink that 500 bps as you improve asset utilization and presumably migrate production from outsource providers to in-source?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, so a couple things there. One, inside that makes us also the amortization, the incremental amortization that deals with. So not all of it is capacity related. That's going to be around for a while obviously. As we look at combining supply chains, those assets are pretty well utilized. They were a little bit less utilized in the first quarter than will be for the balance of the year. But we continue to see opportunities to continue to leverage those assets. They've got some world-class manufacturing assets. That's one of the reasons we are able to bring a Pirate Booty asset into that mix as early as we did. And we want – the plan is to see more of that sort of consolidated manufacturing. And so, we'd expect to see some mitigation of that mix impact as we continue to leverage those assets and drive more volume through that system.
Jason English: Got it. And back to the comments on market share attributed to capacity constraints. I just pulled your brand level data just to get a snapshot of like, which brands are holding you back a bit. And it's brands like Kit Kat, Reese’s, Twizzler, those don't seem like the types of brands you'd be capacity constrained on, are they – or where are the capacity constraints?
Michele Buck: Yes. So our biggest capacity constraint is really on Reese and some of our assorted bags, but primarily Reese as you know, Reese is our biggest brand by far, it's over – it's a couple billion dollars in size and when it is growing double-digits, as it has been and had such a track record of strong growth that is – that's where some of the biggest rub and the biggest dollar opportunity that we're focused on. And then some of our other take home brands, obviously given the strength of consumers now consuming at-home, there's a lot of pressure on some of the brands in terms of how they show up in take home and that's spread across a number of different brands.
Jason English: Got it. Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Okay, so a couple of questions here. The Dot's Pretzel acquisition, obviously incredibly strong growth year-on-year that you reported in the remarks, could you talk about the distribution opportunity, where is the ACV at the moment, where could it get to? I mean, is this something that I guess how large is the opportunity, we'll start there.
Michele Buck: Yes, so we are continuing to build distribution on Dot's. So clearly as we're acquiring the brand, the distribution remains skewed to kind of the West Coast, the middle of the country. And we've had a big focus on trying to close the distribution gap on the East Coast in particular and then to also fill in, in some of the key retailers and classes of trades throughout. So it's been a constant build. We had a lot of distribution growth in Q1, and I believe that we're in the mid-70s right now on distribution. So there remains some upside that we're experiencing now, we continue to drive through the back part of the year. So we continue gain household penetration as a result of that. And that continue – as more consumers find out about the brand, household awareness of the brand continues to be low. And we see that as a key opportunity as well.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then can I ask about on a different topic, on the C-store dynamics, there have been concerns in the past that when gasoline prices spike that leads to fewer trips and therefore that hits your C-store sales. Can you talk about what you're seeing in that segment and whether that's the case this time around or if you're seeing something different. Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we have seen some changes in consumer behavior within convenience stores, as gas prices have risen. But what we're seeing is that many consumers seem to be trying to manage the higher price by not fully filling their tanks. So they're making more trips but just not filling as full. And to-date, they have not reduce their non-gas purchases in a meaningful way. And we haven't seen an impact. Our business remains quite strong in convenience stores. So we haven't really seen an impact on our business that we do expect that these trends will continue to evolve as we see some of those pressures we talked about earlier relative to reduction in government subsidies and the continued persistence of inflation and the impact on consumers.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks operator. Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: I had just one question and it's around inflation in gross margins. So can you just help a little bit with based on the incremental inflation you saw in the first quarter, you've widened your expectation for growth margins changed, is we're kind of looking at this kind of moving even past the fiscal year. Like what will you be able to do to begin to mitigate or offset that margin pressure? Is it going to be as some of this new capacity, come on, there's more efficiencies, is pricing potentially a lever in the mix, just really trying to understand as we move forward, are you going to be able to mitigate that margin pressure?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. It’s really all of those Bryan. We’re certainly going to look at all our usual levers, driving productivity and efficiency from a manufacturing standpoint. And we will see more of that as we get more scale and more assets coming online. So that’ll be a factor. But we – pricing is always part of our strategy. We look at it all the time. We’re very sensitive to both the consumer and what’s happening from a cost – input cost standpoint. And we’ll continue to look at that as we think about our plan for next year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. But as it stands now, you haven’t contemplated or you haven’t embedded in the guidance isn’t any incremental pricing actions or other actions to offset that inflation. You’re just absorbing the inflation right now.
Steve Voskuil: That’s right. What’s in the outlook right now is the pricing that we’ve already announced that flowing through the P&L for the year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Perfect. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: I know the gas price increases is a factor that may make it a little bit harder to tease this out or really recognize it. But can you talk about mobility? And just some of the consumer patterns you’re seeing there as things are reopening more, consumers are getting out more. How does that impact some of your obviously higher margin instant consumable products? Are you seeing any shifts or anything that’s notable in terms of the mix of what they’re buying and where?
Michele Buck: So, yes, we definitely are seeing consumer mobility has returned its strong, it’s interesting. It’s certainly dialed up versus what it was before. And at the same time, we’re still seeing a lot of interest in some of the at-home behaviors where people haven’t totally returned to some things like restaurants and some activities, frankly, not as much because of COVID a little bit more because of some of the price pressure of inflation. So we are seeing some consumers try to consolidate trips, but we haven’t really seen a meaningful impact to our total trips. And we’ve been looking across each class of trade. I’d say food is strong, has accelerated, C-store I mentioned before, quite strong, which is a key indicator of mobility. But really across most classes of trade dollar, mass, food and C-store, the trends remain quite strong.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That’s helpful. And just on international, those margins were better than expected and very strong. That segment has some pretty significant seasonality. But can you just help us understand some of what’s driving that and how to think about the rest of the year? Is it likely to keep up some of those gains? Or what’s the right way to frame how that plays out over the course of the year.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. The business has done really well. All of our core markets had double digit top line growth, so that was a good starting point. And then we’re still seeing through the first quarter, the last bits of some of the restructuring that we did in China. So that’s giving a little bit of an incremental benefit to the first quarter that I would say is probably not going to be a year-over-year component going forward. But I would also commend the international team for looking at the whole P&L and managing their cost structure and executing a smart pricing strategy as well.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Cody Ross of UBS. Please go ahead.
Cody Ross: Good morning, everyone and thank you for taking our questions. You just noted that you don’t plan on taking additional pricing the rest of the year. However, most companies that have already reported this season discuss taking additional pricing. Why is that?
Michele Buck: We remain very confident in our pricing strategy and our ability to get price realization. As Steve mentioned, what you’re seeing in our P&L right now is the pricing that we announced last year flowing through into the business. We all know that this remains a volatile environment. The cost side has continued to evolve, especially with continued supply chain pressure and also the Ukraine-Russia situation. And as always, we will continue to look at every lever at our disposal as we always do to make the best decisions for the business.
Cody Ross: Got you. And then you noted the Russian-Ukrainian war is affecting supply availability. Are there any commodities you can call out that you’re having difficulty securing? And do you expect to have any issues securing supply for balance of the year? Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. At this stage – taking the last part first, we don’t foresee a challenge and availability for the balance of this year. Where we’ve probably seen the most pressure is in the cooking oil space. A lot of that source out of Eastern Europe but our business is resilient and we’ve got other sources and other solutions that working through to ensure that we be able to satisfy consumer needs, even if we face some more pressure next year on that commodity.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll move on to the next question, which is coming from Chris Growe of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Good morning. I just had a question for you. Just to follow-up on the fact you’re able to rebuild some inventory this quarter. It sounds like you’re going to have some more in the second quarter now, and it’s more heavily favored towards the first half. I just want to be – so before we had thought about that happening in the second half, do you continue to build inventory in the second half? And I guess what I’m ultimately getting to is when can you start – will you be at a point where you can start to market and promote more normally like you had historically?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. We’re going to continue to build inventory. We’re going to see – you should see sequential improvement more for this year pulled this first half. But we want to continue to build inventory. And as Michele said earlier, and we’ve got a lot of capacity coming online, the first quarter was our highest production quarter ever. And as we get more capacity coming online, we expect to see that build and be able to catch up both on our own internal inventory and trade and retail inventory.
Chris Growe: And then is that – can marketing start like more aggressively this year? Or is this more like next year?
Steve Voskuil: Well, we’re going to make sure that we’re fully participating in seasons. Just as we talked about earlier with Halloween and make sure that we’re getting all of our products out of inventory and onto the shelves as quickly as we can so that we can continue to support the brand. And we’ll see more of that support pickup as we get to the back half of the year.
Chris Growe: Okay. And just one follow-up question on the gross margin. You have a little more aggressive decline, because of the increase in costs that you expect now for the year. Is that any differently weighted by quarter? Is Q2 any worse or Q3? It caused me to have to bring my estimates down for the remainder of the year for the gross margin, given how strong it was here in the first quarter. I just want to get a sense of how that plays out across the rest of the year. Is it just a timing of inflation that will dictate sort of the quarterly progression in the gross margin?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I’d say it’s mostly that. As we look at our plan, we probably see the most pressure in quarter two, but then begins to improve because the last get a little bit easier. So if I had to pick a quarter, I’d probably say quarter two would be the worst.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thanks so much for your time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Great. Thank you. Two questions actually. The first one just to build on the gross margins theme. The prepared remarks suggest to call out the 120 to 140 basis points of contraction, but then equate that with gross profit dollars increasing mid single digits, my math may be wrong, but I think given your top line that seems a pretty conservative combination of top line and gross margins. So just wanted to get some color on that mid single digit dollar profit growth language in the prepared marks. And then secondly, you call out seeing some impact in certain consumer goods categories from the inflation that we’re all seeing and from the declining government assistance that’s occurring. I was hoping you could just give a little bit more color as to what specifically you’re seeing and how you’re monitoring that going forward. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the first part of that question, there’s no intentional conservatism between what we are seeing on the top line and what we’re seeing on the gross margin line. And so it should tie, but technically we should see about 7% gross profit growth mid – kind of mid high single digit range growth. And I think that math will work, but happy to take that on the side, if we want to go into more detail.
Steve Powers: Mid to high makes sense. Sorry, mid to high makes sense. Just the language in the text actually just says mid. So thank you for clarifying.
Steve Voskuil: Yep.
Michele Buck: And on your other question, we are constantly looking at a couple things relative to the strength of retail takeaway in other CPG categories, as well as our own. And also how much market share is going to private label as that has typically also been a predictor of the consumer. We’re fortunate in our category, not to have significant private label, but certainly in other categories where that’s present we do look at that as well.
Steve Powers: Okay. Very good. Thank you for that. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks. A question and maybe a follow-up all at one. The question is, you guided us on the magnitude of this retailer inventory replacement for the full year. But has that grown significantly with the better than expected experience in the first quarter, not only in your brands, but across the category to the elasticity. I can’t imagine retailers and your competitors thought the uptake to this magnitude of pricing would be that good. I mean, maybe I’m wrong about that. So that is my first part – my first question. And then how does Easter play into that? Because you called out in your prepared remarks that people were buying more every day product because of the shortages of Easter product. And that certainly seems to be born out in the data. I wonder, doesn’t that add to the retailer inventory need going forward and maybe augment the opportunity to fill to greater levels throughout the year, not just what you had talked about it, and you may be pulling it forward from your prior guidance on inventory fill. Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Taking the last bit first. Yes, Easter will – the Easter sell through was high. We saw more every day takeaway. And that will put more pressure on retailer and trade inventory. So that will happen. As we look at the full year though, we still – I said, we’re not seeing a fundamental shift in what we had planned relative to being able to restock. As we said earlier, we got to benefit in the first quarter, we pushed more out. The elasticity has put for the full year a bit more volume through. And so that’s true. But also, we have – we expect to see additional production pick up as we go through the year to help compensate that to some degree. So I think net-net it’s not a big change in total. But to your point, the sell through on Easter is going to put a little bit more pressure on some trade inventory.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from John Baumgartner of Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: Michele, one standout over the past two years has been your increases in share of distribution points, whether it be chocolate or non-chocolate candy. And I can appreciate the capacity constraints right now sort of work against that. But putting that aside, how are you thinking about the resources to sustain and grow as capacity improves? I mean, just given all the upheavals over the past two years, whether it’s more promotion, more in-store sales force hours, more advertising investment. Where – how do you see those levers of engagement requiring change in a post-COVID world?
Michele Buck: Boy, I’d say, my first answer to that question is the resources to sustain and grow are in supply chain building capacity to really be able to drive against the very strong demand. So probably first and foremost, I think that’s the focus. I believe we have the retail resources that we need from a sales perspective. Our sales organization, from a marketing capability, I wouldn’t say it’s maybe as much about people we’ve continued to invest in capability with a new media partner, better targeting capabilities. Certainly that helps us to really maximize consumer demand and then maintaining the strong relationships that we have with retailers and just continue to evolve the total bundle of investment we have to drive against demand with our retailers and our consumers. But right now I think we’re focused really on supply chain, hiring more people in manufacturing facilities, engineers to execute the capacity work. That’s really where the focus is.
John Baumgartner: And I guess, just sticking with that theme on supply chain. You’ve done a lot of work there, adding manufacturing lines, fulfilment center and so on. And I guess, weak link is probably too strong of a term. But where do you think the supply chain still needs more work right now, whether it’s modernization, automation. Just outsize, does it increases on capacity? What sort of is kind the next phase of I guess, evolution there?
Michele Buck: Well, clearly as we are executing this capacity and looking at the future, automation, yes is a big lever across the business. We still have opportunities in some of our manufacturing facilities for what we call single point of automation, say an automated case pack or whatever the basic automation is. And then we kind of go to the connectivity of all the different parts of our system, talking to each other. And across our entire business, not just supply chain, we continue to look at opportunities where technology can allow us to operate more efficiently, give us better insights, et cetera. And then certainly as we look at our Salty business, now that we are gaining more scale and have many more businesses in that portfolio. As Steve mentioned earlier, we’re doing a lot of work on just optimizing the overall supply chain network and what that looks like. And that’s more efficient distribution. It is more efficient manufacturing, really across the board and that’s somewhat of a transformation.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thanks, Michele.
Michele Buck: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Palmer of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Just a quick question about scanner data. It looks like Hershey’s behind some of the competitors in pricing, although we don’t always see a perfect lens into what actual list pricing is. Do you think that that Hershey’s behind the competition when it comes to list price increases lately? Or are we just seeing some noise in there?
Michele Buck: Yes. I don’t believe we are behind. This is a category where it tends to be line priced. It’s really noise related to Easter and just the mix of items that vary across different competitors during the Easter timeframe. I think as we go forward, you’ll see that really even out.
David Palmer: And then just a question on advertising and promotions those were down lately, sort of understandable given the capacity constraints. But what’s your outlook for advertising spend? And then maybe you can layer on top of that your general philosophy and what you’re thinking there? One thought is, you might layer in as your capacity increases some more advertising, but some of the industry are talking about digital marketing becoming more expensive and maybe lower ROI. So just any thoughts on that would be helpful.
Michele Buck: Okay. So, we are big believers in advertising. I think we’ve talked a lot about our model is we are pleased to have some of the strongest gross margins in the end of street, and we believe in the model and then using some of those funds to reinvest in our brands and be one of the highest investors in the industry. It’s a highly responsive category with a strong impulsive nature as well. As you look to the rest of the year, we believe we will be up mid to high single digits and we will continue to invest as we expand capacity wherever we can because we’re big believers. Media efficiencies have really helped us to control the dollar cost because as a result of a new partnership and also new capabilities, we’ve gotten more efficiencies in our media. I think from a philosophy perspective, relative to your question about digital. We have not seen decline in list and return. And I don’t know if that’s – if they’re being offset because we’ve built capabilities, new capabilities to better target. And so we’re actually seeing a stronger targeting capability and thus better efficiency.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’d like to turn the call back over to Ms. Poole for closing comments.
Melissa Poole: Thank you for joining us this morning. I will be available throughout the day and tomorrow for any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you for your time this morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company Fourth Quarter 2021 Question & Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn this call over to your host Ms Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company’s Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Q&A Session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our Pre-Recorded Management Presentation, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today’s live Q&A session we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today’s Q&A session we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the Company’s future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today’s press release and the Company’s SEC filings. Finally, please note we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning’s press release. Joining me today are Hershey’s Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey’s Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the Operator for the first question. Operator At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session.
Operator: Our first question is from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hi there. I guess my question is it seems like the plan of this year is, is Hershey’s going to look to certainly leverage greater SG&A to more than offset some of the expected gross margin pressure during the year. I guess my question is how does the company balance sort of leaning more heavily on SG&A this year to hit certain targets, including less aggressive marketing spend, albeit in light of capacity constraints? How do you balance that with continuing to lean in on reinvestment to protect as much of the sort of the current momentum and the market share that’s been gained in the last two years, really to benefit the outyears, right, of ’23, ’24 and sort of beyond?
Michele Buck: As you know, we take a pretty balanced approach in terms of focus on delivering the short term as well as making sure that we are building all the capabilities and continued investment to build the long term. So, as it relates to—let me start with some of our SG&A. We think it’s important to continue to build capabilities. Some of the places that we have been very focused are in the areas of ERP, obviously, so that we can really get a solid foundation of technology that we think will bring us tremendous benefit going forward in the future. We incur a lot of the expense now, and frankly, more of the benefit in the future. Also, in terms of digital as a big investment area, specifically we’ve had a big focus in advancing our capabilities to deliver more sophisticated targeting and get more efficiency in media. So we believe some of those lean-ins are really important to help us build those capabilities for the future. As we look at brand investment, as you know we are big believers in our business model that brand investment is key. We have always been very solid spenders, and we continue to believe that. We have moderated some of that spending as we’ve had supply challenges and constraints to make sure that we keep our very strong returns on that investment, so it’s a balancing act. Some of the investments in media have enabled us to get to efficiency so that we are still delivering a pretty strong number of consumer impressions out there. We feel good about where our share of voice is. So, we’re really trying to balance that and say, “Okay, we’ll moderate a bit now in brand investment,” but certainly keep our eye on it as we go forward to make sure that we continue to protect that for the long term.
Andrew Lazar: Right. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Steve, do you have anything to add to that?
Steve Voskuil: No, I think you hit the highlights. We have a compensation reset that happens as we set new targets, and so that gives us a little bit on benefits side to deploy against the things that Michele said.
Andrew Lazar: Right. Then just briefly, Steve, I guess where you say Hershey is right now with respect to sort of retail inventory levels and I guess finished goods inventory as well, relative to where the company might typically see itself sort of at this time of the year? Just trying to get a sense of what sort of inventory refill opportunity there might be moving forward, obviously as capacity allows. Thanks so much.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. As we formed our guidance for next year, we have an assumption inside there that there is an opportunity for some inventory build back into the network. Of course, we’ve also got some inventory building to do on our side, but from a retail distributor standpoint as well and that’s part of our guidance.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your questions.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you for the question. I wanted to get a sense of what you’re seeing from competition. Is your competition facing the same supply chain constraints that you’re facing, and therefore, should we assume that you’re expecting a year of market share gains? Or do you expect to hold share this year? Do you expect them to reduce media as well?
Michele Buck: Relative to the competition, yes, we would say everyone in the category seems to be having similar challenges, just as I would say pretty broadly in the industry that’s the case. We anticipate the situation relative to delivering on demand to be about comparable across the competitors. Relative to market share, we believe that we will hold share this year. As you know, we’ve had some really significant gains over the past two-year period of time. We will have more tepid share performance in the first half of the year, building to a bit more strength in the second half due to laps alone. And relative to share of voice on advertising, we do track that and we feel really good about where we are from an advertising share of voice perspective.
Robert Moskow: Okay, great. Maybe a follow-up. Gross profit dollars, for the core business, not including the acquisitions, should we still assume that your gross profit dollars are growing? This is kind of a backhanded way to figure out what kind of gross margin I should expect for 2022.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Gross margin dollars are going to grow. As we talked about in the prepared remarks, from a margin standpoint we expect there to be some dilution comparable to what we saw in ’21. But from a dollars standpoint, yes, up year-over-year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Nik Modi: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Just a housekeeping item and then just a broader question. I was hoping you could maybe just aggregate the shipping days and the elasticity impact that you discussed in the prepared remarks, if there’s any perspective you can give on the magnitude of each. Then, in the prepared remarks you also indicated you’re looking at historical elasticities when you think about this year, but as we’ve seen across the broader CPG landscape elasticities have been better than expected, so I’m just trying to get clarification. Are you assuming kind of what you’ve seen historically, like pre-COVID? Or if you could just provide some context there.
Michele Buck: Let me start and answer your elasticity question. I’ll give it to Steve to do the disaggregation. Nik, what we are assuming for this year is historical elasticities. To date on our pricing we have seen a little bit better performance versus historical. As we go into this year, we want to carefully keep our eye on the potential impact of broad inflation on the consumer. We know that there’s been reduction, obviously, in government stimulus and SNAP, and with the inflation across the board it’s just a top of mind watch out area for us, and that’s why we really chose to say historical price elasticities is what we think is a smart and prudent planning move for us. Steve, do you want to talk about disaggregation?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Just to break that out a little bit, the shipping days we would estimate to be about a 2 point impact on the quarter. And from an elasticity standpoint, if you kind of took that to the side, if you took the shipping days to the side, pounds were about flat in the quarter, if that helps give you some idea.
Nik Modi: That’s very helpful. Then, Michele, just one more question. Obviously the issue with out-of-stocks has been a pervasive problem for everyone and labor obviously is a big part of that. Is this one of those scenarios where you just kind of have to manage through it and don’t really have a good handle on when things are going to start getting better? I mean, I guess because it’s so labor dependent.
Michele Buck: Well, I guess what I would say is we have a lot of actions in place to drive continuous improvement relative to our own supply. So certainly yes, there is no certain end state where I can tell you this is where the switch flips. But what I can tell you is we have had numerous programs underway. So first of all we focused a lot on optimizing demand. How do we get the most efficiency out of the capacity we have? By reducing complexity in changeovers, prioritizing SKUs, part of that included working with retailers to double and triple face our core items, which is always a great move because they are very high velocity so that makes a lot of sense. As it comes to supply, we are continuing to invest in incremental capacity. There is incremental capacity that will gradually come online as we go through this year and also into 2023 and 2024. We’ve also made some significant investments in manufacturing labor. Frankly, last year was a real challenge. Our people did real yeoman’s work to just do whatever was needed to produce as much volume as possible, but it really wasn’t sustainable in terms of having a reasonable employee value proposition for those folks. And so we have invested in labor. We won’t get the benefit of that immediately because it takes time to train people, to get them up to speed, to be as efficient as our current workforce, but we do think it’s important and a lot of that really just helps us to manage some of the overtime as well. So, we do have a lot of activities underway. We think that we will make continuous improvement, but under no circumstances would we really be out of the woods totally; we will continue to have pressure throughout the year. Our goal is just to continue to make improvements.
Nik Modi: Okay. Thanks much. I’ll pass it on.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Good morning, folks. Thanks for slotting me in.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Jason English: Congrats on strong results and some sustained momentum. The cumulative volume growth in North America over the past two years of, at my calculation roughly 7%, it’s obviously a real stand-out here, especially given that it contrasts to what was very little growth before COVID. My question is kind of on that focus. How much of the volume that you picked up during COVID do you think is durable? How much is at risk of leaking back out as we kind of come out the other side of this? What’s embedded in your planning assumptions? I know there’s a lot there and it’s a bit tricky to unravel, but I would love your view on it.
Michele Buck: We’ve really tried to do a good dissection and deep dive to understand that as best possible, and I would tell you I think there are a number of things going on. First of all, we do know that there are some COVID related impacts. The change in consumer behaviors with consumers spending more time at home has clearly benefited some of our brands and categories because they’re around their homes more to consume our products, and our products are more eaten in those types of environment than out and about restaurant environments, et cetera. I think that based on what we’re seeing in consumer behavior, I think that while more people – and people have become more mobile, there also is a change of behavior that I think is here to stay to some degree, right? People enjoy spending time with their families. They appreciate them more given the COVID situation. They’ve gotten comfortable, some of them, the portion who are flexibly working and want to continue some of that. So I believe that some of that is here to stay. At the same time, we also did implement a number of new strategies in our business over the years that we think have also helped us. We really tried to do a better job of balancing innovation and the core to get more sustainable growth. And we have seen that, that had an impact on the business. I think we also think we’ve gotten smarter about pricing, where we have multiple levers on list price and price pack architecture that we can utilize. So I guess I’d tell you, we believe that there’s part of both of that. So we do think that there is a sustainability and underlying sustainability, may not be all of it. But in addition to us, in particular, I think the category’s relevancy has just increased during COVID. So those are some of our thoughts, Rob, I hope that’s helpful.
Jason English: No, that’s helpful. On – sticking on the topic of volume. It looks like your guidance for next year is predicated on fairly firm volume. But you say you’re assuming historical elasticities, which should be a net negative drag and maybe some of this COVID stuff comes back out. What are the offsets? Is this like the inventory reload later in the year on a catch-up? Or where are you seeing the offsets of that elasticity?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, a couple of things. One, we touched on it earlier was the inventory. So we are assuming some inventory rebuild with retailers and distributors. That’s a component seasons – as a component of season were fantastic this past year. You get another 90% sell-through for holiday, and that will help from an ordering for this year. So we’re leaning into seasons. And then continuing to activate against our brands and go-to-market strategy, a portion of that innovation, a portion of that is just working with our retail team to make sure we’re bringing a new programming that we can support from a capacity standpoint. So those are the biggest factors offsetting the elasticity.
Jason English: Understood. Thanks a lot. I’ll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you
Steve Voskuil: Good morning
Michael Lavery: You mentioned the stimulus benefits in snap in particular. And clearly, there’s some risk there. But can you give a sense of what, if anything, you’re hearing from consumers directly in terms of how they may have reacted with elevated benefits? And just how much of your performance could have been driven by that? Because we survey consumers. It looks like confection is the category that may have had the least benefit of all. Is that consistent with what you’re seeing? Or can you just give us a sense of how you think about some of the risk around that?
Michele Buck: Yes. We do think that there could have been less benefit. That’s what we’re seeing as well for us than for others. So I do think that’s correct. At the same time, we do know that there’s significant pressure out there, and we just want to really keep our fingers on the pulse of it to make sure that we aren’t missing something. I mean certainly, we’re not a category where there’s a big private label component and people can easily just say, "I’m going to still participate but switch to lower brands." That’s always been a benefit for us during times like this, but we do understand the pressure consumers are under.
Michael Lavery: No, that’s great color. And then just on some of your outlook where you – from a planning perspective, can you give a sense of some of the timing you expect for any of the inventory restocking? And you touched on the SKU rationalizations. How significant are those? I know you’re swapping them out for higher velocity items. Is that a net positive? Is there timing for that, for anything we should keep in mind from how we think about modeling the year?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. I’ll take the first part of that. If we look at the inventory deal, we’re kind of planning it to spread evenly over the year. Obviously, it’s gated a little bit by our capacity coming online. And so that’s one factor. If I look more broadly at the sales profile for the year, we’ll have more M&A benefits on the top line. In the first half of the year, we’ll have more pricing benefit in the top line for the first half of the year, but the inventory build will be spread more evenly. On the SKU side, we see a minimal impact from that for the reasons Michele talked about, where we’ve had to make choices for things we can supply. We’ve been able to gain more facings and sell more core product. So net-net, that hasn’t been a big factor. And we always – we had done SKU rent before we got into COVID just to make sure we were always thoughtful when we did add new innovation SKUs and make sure we had good velocity on those products. So we don’t see a big impact.
Michael Lavery: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zaslow with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning guys.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Hey Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just two questions. One is you’re hitting your 9% to 11% EPS growth in a capacity-constrained environment with higher labor costs, even with lower ad spending. If we – you are in a normalized environment, how much incremental EPS growth? Or how would you kind of frame the pent-up that may not be in the 9% to 11% as you emerge from this capacity constraint issues?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. That’s a tough one to kind of think about because there are so many interconnected variables inside that equation. We’ve got the robust volume, which is driving very high utilization on assets – too high, to be honest, which is why we’re adding capacity. So you pick up some benefits there. But a lot hangs on that relative with the pricing drop through in response to commodity costs. So that’s a tough one to say. There are too many interconnected components inside the P&L, Ken, to really probably give you a clear answer for that.
Ken Zaslow: Would you think it would be higher or lower? And I’ll leave that question, and then I have another question.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Even that’s kind of hard, Ken, because if I start at the very top, we would probably not be taking as many price increases as we’ve taken, but for the need to cover the costs that we have coming through both commodities and the rest of the P&L. And so even at that very top line level, it’s hard to say how the construction then below the rest of the P&L would flow through.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. Then my second question is with Pirate’s Booty and Skinny Pop, you guys are obviously crushing it on the sales line. What were the key learnings that has changed your acquisition strategy with that? And what are you going to apply to Dots that continues to keep this – the snacking business at these levels, right? So your acquisition strategy has clearly evolved into something that has been quite successful. Can you talk about where the evolution is done and how you apply it to Dotâ™s?
Michele Buck: Absolutely. We know that at the beginning of our journey into snacks, we had some challenges in some of our first acquisitions. And I guess it goes to maybe you catch a few toads on the way to the prince. But we learned a lot about what we’re good at and what we’re not good at. And we established some principles. And one of those principles was there’s a certain size threshold that’s critical for us in order to absorb a business and be able to really build it from there. We’re not good creators of very small businesses and making them big. We also understand that our business model is all about a high gross margin, a strong gross margin that enables us to invest to grow capabilities and invest in our brands. And we got very, very stringent about those guidelines and those criteria for success. We focused a lot on building capability. Frankly, we didn’t have a lot of M&A capability. And so we got a lot smarter about how to do the right due diligence, what were really the key questions we needed to understand. We started to see what we have to know going in. And I think as we did each acquisition, we got better at that. So with Pirate Booty and Skinny Pop, we got amazing brands. And that’s what we’re good at, is really getting a brand that has a strong consumer following. We’d like to see brands that have tremendous repeat but low household penetration because that’s – as consumers love them, and we can apply our capabilities to expanding distribution and investing to create awareness of the brand. The other thing we learned was the importance of supply chain. And early on, we had some struggles absorbing a lot of these smaller companies, didn’t have their own supply chain. So thus, you saw when we went forward and bought Dots, we decided to buy the co-manufacturer Pretzels Inc. as well. So I think we’ve consistently applied those lessons. As I said, we built a lot of capability and muscle along the way and got better at those key criteria of support of the brand’s margins and the right supply chain.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you guys
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. Thanks so much. I just wanted to follow up on one thing. I know you talked about investing in digital capabilities. And I hear the goal, part of it is advancing targeting and efficiency in media. I guess I’m not quite sure what the mechanics are there and why those efforts would cost a good deal of capital. And maybe I’m digging a little bit too deeply here. I just – those things historically seem to be more about learning, education, hiring consultants to help you in capital. I’m just trying to get a sense of connecting the dots there, if I can.
Michele Buck: Sure. So one of the things that we have seen has been really critical is what’s the data set. In the past, we relied on our own internal data set that we would analyze and do a traditional marketing mix modeling kind of activities. But we’ve really created what we think is a proprietary approach to what we’re doing, investing in other data sources and then integrating them into ours, building the tools that allow us to do that, utilizing the cloud across what we’re doing. And so a lot of that has been in investing in those different areas to truly kind of break out in this space.
Ken Goldman: Okay. That’s helpful. And then I may just be missing it, but I hear that – I see in the press release and in the prepared remarks commentary on strong innovation. I’m not sure I see a list of products that you would consider strong innovation. I can’t recall Hershey ever not listing the new products as a new – as the year starts. And I realize this year is a little bit unusual, just as last year was. But I’m just trying to get a sense of what those new items are that you’re most excited of – or for and how you might qualify them?
Michele Buck: Absolutely. I mean I’d start by saying, first, hey, given where we are in a capacity-constrained world, our first focus is the core, the core, the core. And if we are masking out capacity with the core, we’re really balancing what’s the right innovation to continue to drive news, but we also want to be very efficient and we just want to maximize throughput. But that said, we do have several items that we are excited about. Reese’s Potato Chip, Kit Kat Dark Chocolate with Strawberry, Kit Kat Hazelnuts. We also have, importantly, some really great new pack types. So we’ve talked to you about price pack architecture, and we’ve put a lot of focus on understanding different consumer occasions and where there was a need or an opportunity for a pack type that best meets that occasion and drives incremental consumption. So we’re really excited about two of those. One is called the Pantry Pack. And think about that as – I don’t know, I’m going to describe it as almost a case of your product or a case pack of your product that’s designed to sit easily either in your refrigerator or in your pantry that you can easily get out multiple units of single-serve product. And then we also have an item that’s called the Super King. We have a standard bar, which is a smaller instant consumable item. We have a king-sized bar, which is a bigger instant consumable item. And consumers identified interest in Super King, which is an instant consumable pack that has more products and more individual units for sharing. And those pack types have tended to be really great innovation for us over time, highly sustainable.
Ken Goldman: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just a couple of quick ones for me. First, just – as we’re looking at the gross margin guidance that you’ve given for 2022. Just what do the acquisitions – are the acquisitions accretive, dilutive or neutral to gross margins?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. On the gross margin line, they’re dilutive. And you can get a little sense for that with the new segmentation detail that we provided, but particularly dropping those in versus where before does create some dilution.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then I know there’s been a few comments, Steve, that you’ve – or questions around just phasing. Could you just help us a little bit if – with regards to how we should think about the phasing, I guess, of margins through the year? So does pricing help a little bit more later in terms of gross margins? Just any guidance or any color you can provide in terms of how we should be thinking about the phasing of costs over the course of the year.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes. We have – if I go back to kind of first half, second half, I won’t get down to the quarters, but we expect to see tougher laps – a lot more pricing in the first half of the year. But we expect to see probably tougher gross margin in the first half. And probably Q2, in particular, will be a tough, just looking at the lap that we had last year. And we would expect to see gross margins – again, everything else equal in the plan, gradually improving as we get to the fourth quarter next year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then, Michele, in the prepared remarks, there was a comment around Salty Snacks talking about being in a position, I think, to integrate – more efficiently integrate future acquisitions. Can you just touch on that a little bit, just what that means?
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So we’re at a point now, where we are continuing to build scale in Salty Snacks. We started with SkinnyPop and Pirate’s Booty. With the Dots business, we have sizable brands and so we are really looking at what is the optimal way to build the operating model around that entire piece of business. And that includes everything from – obviously, right now, we’re very focused on integrating Dots and Pretzels Inc. But what’s our end state of – from an operating model, how we operate, from a supply chain network, how we operate. This array of products do not require condition distribution, so they are very different than our core portfolio. So that’s really the work that we’re talking about there.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Great. And then last one for me. Plain household is very activated right now around the Cadbury Bunny Tryouts.
Michele Buck: All right.
Bryan Spillane: All right. I’ll leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Just to add an editorial remark following Bryan there, we’ve really enjoyed Super King. They’re very dangerous, by the way, but we do enjoy those as well in our household here. I just had two quick ones. There’s a comment in the prepared remarks about you have pricing coming through but that won’t fully offset cost inflation. You also threw in though some manufacturing investments and that kind of thing. So, I just want to get a sense of how much inflation you have and then will pricing offset inflation but there’s other factors that may weigh on the gross margin. Is that the way to think about it, or do you have any more color on that, Steve?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, a couple of things. In general pricing will offset the majority of our inflation. If I look at our commodity basket, we’ve got the biggest increases year-over-year in places like sugar and dairy and packaging materials and specialty ingredients. We have pretty good visibility into that. We’ve talked in the past about our hedging program and that gives us a pretty good picture. We’ve also got inflation from a labor standpoint, and as one of the things that Michele said, labor and manufacturing value proposition is one area that we’re leaning in pretty strongly this year. That’s a differential investment than what we’ve done in the past. And so, to answer your question, yes, pricing offsets the majority of the inflationary pieces, but it doesn’t fully offset the additional investment that we’re also making to improve the value proposition for employees.
Chris Growe: Okay. Have you given a level or a range of inflation for the year? Just to get a level set on where you are right now.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, so as we look across, I’ll say the commodity basket but also other sources of inflation, you’re talking mid to high single digits.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you. Then, just to be clear, your capacity that stands today, can you produce enough to meet demand, or are you still using third parties more heavily? Things like that that are going to weigh on the gross margin in addition to other inflation, given the fact that you’re trying to catch up on production here.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Today we don’t have enough capacity to meet all the consumer demand. We’ve had some floor manufacturing lines come online in 2021. We have more in Reese’s and PayDay and Jolly Rancher Gummies that will come online in 2022. But even with that we feel like we’re behind consumer demand. There is inflation through co-mans and partners in the network. Inflation flows through those lines just like it does from an internal standpoint and so that is a factor. But even as we rotate that outside support into internal production, we’re still going to have inflation on the same labor lines and some of the materials lines.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you. Then just one thought – I’m sorry. Go ahead.
Michele Buck: I was just going to say and there’s not a lot of material change in our use of co-mans. Some of the items that are in highest demand are items that we uniquely produce. If you think about the uniqueness of some of the forms of some of our big confection items, so while we are trying to use any external co-mans and network as we can, there are some that it’s just not available because of the proprietary nature of our product.
Chris Growe: Makes sense. Thank you. I just want to follow on Bryan’s question. I think he asked about Dots and I think you mentioned that as dilutive to margin. Is that dilutive to EPS as well? Perhaps you answered that, but I may have missed that.
Steve Voskuil: No. The Dots deal is accretive to earnings in the first year and it’s about a two-point benefit.
Chris Growe: Okay. Just wanted to be sure on that. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. I noticed you’re calling the two segments Confectionary and Salty Snacks. Those are two different parts of that snacking mega segment that you might have shown in a chart years ago, in a past Analyst Day. You don’t say Sweets versus Salty, for example, capturing even more of that. Does that mean that for the foreseeable future those are the two segments that are going to be the company’s focus? If you just kind of roll back the clock, just how did we get here, that Salty is the best adjacent category for Hershey?
Michele Buck: Certainly, if you look at our business, these are the largest two areas of our business today and thus from a reporting perspective is exactly where we went to how we segment the business. As you look at some of the bets we’ve placed, I think some of the larger assets, at least on the scale of the acquisitions we’re doing, do tend to be available there. We’ve tended to like many of the assets we’ve seen and the growth there. So that had always been in our eyes early on, was that the two incremental areas of incrementality for us beyond Confection that we were most excited about were salty snacking and better for you overall.
David Palmer: I remember years ago there was some – it didn’t always go great with some of the adjacent category acquisitions and there was some talk that you didn’t have the – that going into another aisle wasn’t always easy. Could you talk about the capability building that you’ve done in parallel to these growth brands that you’ve acquired that look like they have fantastic momentum, but in terms of the internal workings what have you done to really make sure that you’re going to give us the best growth possible in terms of the salty snack area? Then I’ll pass it on. Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes. So certainly, I think if we think about winning in the store, I think we’ve built some scale in the warehouse delivered snack general space. So from a in-store perspective that’s been a key area of focus, but I guess I’d go back to really some of my earlier comments around M&A and where we’ve really built the best capabilities. I think we got very tight about what an asset needs to look like in order for us to – for it to be attractive for us and be a good fit for us, and that’s about it has to start to be – obviously after identifying the two areas of incremental opportunity, it has to be significant scale, $100 million and above, and have strong gross margins because that lets us build the brand. Go for brands that have very strong repeat, which signifies that they have got a loyal consumer base and there’s a bear there that we can build from, that we can build awareness with consumers through advertising and we can increase distribution and availability. Make sure that we’ve got a good solid supply chain plan, because our whole goal is going to be about growth and we have to be lined up to do that. And then really, given it was a focus, building our talent and our capabilities and our inter-workings and our process. We spent a lot of time on that and getting much more robust in terms of the talent that we’re applying in these spaces. Accountability and ownership across the enterprise, both with our M&A team, with the commercial units that are picking this up, and building a lot of muscle in due diligence and every piece of that, whether it’s legal, whether it is analyzing the business. I think all of those things have been key.
David Palmer: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Yes. Thanks and good morning. Going back and just to round out the conversation you were having with Jason and others earlier around volume, is what you’re saying that you expect volume in terms of consumption and consumer takeaway to perhaps trend negative year-over-year given elasticities, but that you think your own shipments can remain flat to up given the dynamics that Steve talked about with respect to the seasonal activity and the inventory rebuild? Is that the read, or am I misinterpreting?
Steve Voskuil: No, you’ve got it. That’s exactly right.
Steve Powers: Okay, great. And then if we could, just because we’re kind of getting a first look at the Salty Snacks business kind of standalone, can we just drill down there may be and talk a little bit about how you expect that business to shake out, price versus volume, maybe margin progression-wise in 3/22? Just I don’t know, anything to call out there as we think about that business standalone?
Steve Voskuil: Like the other parts of our business we look at both price and volume, but volume is very strong right now on Skinny, Pirate’s and Dots. And so in some ways we’re facing the same challenges that we have on the Confection businesses; we need capacity and trying to solve for capacity to continue to unlock the volume momentum that we’re seeing. That’s probably I would say one of the biggest issues, just like it is for the Confection business right now, but price also plays a role.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks very much. Just have another question on the Salty Snacks side. Maybe it’s a bit longer term strategic. Michele, obviously I realize business is doing very well, growth is excellent. Demand, as you were suggesting, cemented your top brands in the segment, it’s very strong. But it’s still obviously a very small piece of your total company, total portfolio, and margins are still a bit obviously lower than your much higher scaled confection business. So if you think forward a few years, is there an argument to be made that maybe there can be some kind of overall margin progression up for Hershey, but that would likely be driven by the Salty Snacks area, just given increased scale, attention, media spend, what have you? I also kind of ask this in the context of kind of where your total company operating margin has been over the prior, call it seven years. Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, we see a lot of opportunity in front of us. As you mentioned, we have been building scale, so you could say that we are subscale but we see tremendous opportunity for efficiencies and synergies as we integrate and gain scale. As we’ve taken on these businesses, for us job one these are growth businesses. We bought them to accelerate our growth and to participate in high-growth segments that were very appealing to consumers. First and foremost, we wanted to go after that. Then, as you know, it takes some time to get to the right ultimate structure, the right phase of integration and really build towards that efficiency. And so we’re in the middle of that right now. It will take us a few more years, but you see the growth rates from a top line perspective and a lot of the work that we’re doing on the operating model and on the supply chain network are intended for us to drive up the margins to take advantage of the synergy that we think exists.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then just quickly, obviously, we’re close to Valentine’s Day, smaller holiday for you, Easter if forthcoming and usually large. If we just think year-over-year, I guess just any perspective color in terms of demand you kind of feel so far with conversations with retailers relative to last year, which was obviously strong. And then, like, are there material differentiating factors in how you would actually provide supply for that season? Versus last year where demand was already high, and you did well and had decent supply. That’s it. Thanks.
Michele Buck: We’re feeling good about both seasons. We see both of them being up versus prior year. We know that for us we had record sell-throughs throughout the seasons and that always leads to a strong season for us the next season, and also, it’s a bit of a longer Easter season and that bodes well for us as well. So we’re focused on working really closely with our retailers to get them the product that they’re looking for, but we are anticipating that we’ll be able to see growth on both those seasons.
Rob Dickerson: All right, super. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks so much for taking my question. With so many companies really struggling to take pricing, and I measure that in terms of not so much the level of pricing but the adjusted gross margin compared with the apparent elasticity, which in your case you out-gross margined trend year-over-year at negative 40 basis points is all world and the elasticity is limited. What specifically is it do you think about your categories or your company execution, your corporate mindset, that has allowed you to communicate and execute this pricing better than peers in the rest of the industry? I’d just love to hear your perspective on that because I know you’ve invested a lot in the kind of capabilities, not just now but I mean that’s been a buzzword for Hershey for years as far as understanding what the data is telling you about your ability to price. Is it that? Is it the people? What is it?
Michele Buck: I mean, I’ll take a crack at a few things. First of all, I think that we all believe that at the root of that is having great brands that consumers see the value in. And right, it’s about the consumer value proposition. It’s one of the reasons that over the years we’ve been such strong believers in investing in our brands, because the more we invest the greater awareness, the greater connectivity consumers have, and with that connectivity they’re more connected to the brands, they don’t want to switch to another brand. And so I think, I would say fundamentally I think that’s one key thing that’s an advantage for us. Secondly, we have had great analytics over the years. We’ve always had a big focus on our elasticity models. You know that over time we’ve always focused on pricing pretty aggressively is one of the tools in our toolkit to deliver our P&L and to deliver our business. And I think we just continued to try and take that capability to the next level all the time as we’ve broadened it to, okay, we can get the insights on pricing in our category. Then we started to look at cross-category price elasticity so we could understand any trade-offs that could occur between our category and other categories. Then we started to invest in price pack architecture and look at how could we generate price realization without a list price but by changing the game. So I guess, I would say to me at the heart of it are those things, and I wouldn’t underestimate as well the trusting relationships we have with our retailers. We’ve always taken an approach of looking out for what’s best for the category, not being so self-serving and so I think our retailers appreciate that and work really hard with us to get to the right outcomes because of that.
Jonathan Feeney: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Pamela Kaufman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Pamela Kaufman: I wanted to see if you can elaborate on what level of pricing growth is embedded into your guidance for 2022. And in terms of demand elasticity, it seems you experienced some elasticity in Confectionary, but this wasn’t as evident in Snacks. Do you have different expectations for demand elasticity within Salty Snacks versus Confectionary? And how will pricing growth vary across the North America segments?
Steve Voskuil: I’ll take the first one. Overall pricing that we’ve assumed in the plan is 5 points to 6 points. In terms of the difference with the Salty Snacks business, really not a big difference from an elasticity standpoint is the way we look at that and plan for that. Those two are pretty similar. The last question I might have missed. Was there a third one? Or was that it?
Pamela Kaufman: That was it. Thank you for that. And on media spend, can you elaborate on what your plans are for media investment in 2022? Do you expect it to increase? I know you mentioned that it will be stronger in the back half of the year, but how should we think about it overall? And what are some of the key initiatives there?
Michele Buck: So, our dollars will be up slightly for the year in media. More of the increase will come towards the back part of the year as we’re in an increasingly better supply position. And there aren’t really a lot of big changes fundamentally in terms of how we’re advertising. We do a significant portion of our spending that is in digital like we have been for many years and so there’s not a big shift in how we’re spending the dollars.
Pamela Kaufman: Great. Thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from John Baumgartner with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: Just building on, coming back to John Feeney’s question and your areas of focus and sort of differentiation. Michele, can you speak to where you feel you are right now on the distribution side? You’ve had quite a bit of success these last few years in terms of gaining new front end displays, modernizing middle of the store and the packaging there, the self-checkouts. At this point, where is your focus regarding those efforts for 2022 and beyond? Where are the opportunities that remain for TDPs and distribution and quality placements from here? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Sure. I think some of the areas of focus for us going forward, self-checkout, queueing lines are a big area of focus. Right now, we’re seeing a lot of retailers, given some of the pressure on labor, focusing there. And the other big area and push for us is in what I would call non-traditional channels. We have over the years kind of started distribution in areas like home improvement stores, and as our products have done well there it then gives us the opportunity to expand from having some instant consumable items to putting our take-home portfolio, to even putting seasons during those specific times. Those are the biggest opportunities for focus in 2022.
John Baumgartner: Then I guess related, thinking about distribution internationally, whether it’s Brazil, India, Mexico, you’ve been expanding distribution there as well. How do you think about the opportunities, whether it’s traditional trade, modern trade, what’s sort of driving that? Is there a way to think about either ACV penetration or total outlet penetration? How much opportunity is left as you think about sort of reframing international growth going forward?
Michele Buck: Our businesses in most of the international markets – set aside Canada where we’re very developed – we continue to have distribution opportunities. If I looked at Mexico I would say yes, traditional trade is an untapped and an area of opportunity going forward. If I look at the other markets in which we do business, the bulk of the business in India is traditional trade and so there I would call it more just getting broad distribution is the opportunity and building scale, continuing to build scale in areas like Brazil. Western Europe, we’ve had a lot of strength just in getting our brands in distribution across the board in modern trade, in the regular trade there. Great success with Reese. We’re seeding growth in a lot of other countries through our export model, which is really just a distributor model where we get our products on shelf. Again, a lot of that is in either Western Europe or parts of EMEA.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thanks, Michele. Thanks for your time.
Michele Buck: Sure.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I will now turn the call over to Melissa Poole for closing remarks.
Melissa Poole: Thank you so much for joining us this morning. I’ll be available throughout the day for any additional questions you may have. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to The Hershey Company’s Third Quarter 2021 question-and-answer session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn this call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company’s third quarter 2021 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre -recorded management discussion, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre -recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post the transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the Company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the Company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck and Hershey Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the Operator for the first question.
Operator: At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. One moment while we poll for questions. Our first question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question.
Jason English: Good morning, folks. Thanks for stepping me in.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Morning.
Jason English: Congrats. Good morning. Congrats on a strong quarter, particularly given the strength that you're cycling in the prior year. But despite the straight, I can't help but remember that Shivery (ph) snacks have lost some of their sweetness pre -COVID, with little, if any, volumetric growth. COVID has clearly rejuvenated demand. In your capacity expansion effort seems to suggest that you believe that demand is going to stick. So, my question for you is why? Why shouldn't we believe that that -- sorry, that that's manage it's going to leak back out in the next year or two?
Michele Buck: Yeah. Jason, as we look at the growth that we've seen, the category growth has really been pretty broad-based. It's really cut across regions; it's cut across cohorts. As we speak with consumers, we hear that some of that elevation of those take-home behaviors and new routines that occurred during COVID, that some of those will stick and sustain. Perhaps not all of them, not to the degree to which people were suggested that they shouldn't leave their homes, but we do believe that some of those will stick and stay around based on what we're hearing and seeing. And we do also see some of that continued strength as people are out and about, and mobility increases and that we're seeing a pretty good balance there. The other thing we've heard from consumers repeatedly that we've seen over the years is the emotional aspect of the category and how it fits with good and happy moment. And as those happy moments have continue to increase, as people, I think, are starting to believe they see somewhat of a light at the end of the tunnel in us working through the pandemic, those moments of happiness that we're really associated with, we see continuing. So that's really our perspective; is a lot of those routines, we think some of which will just continue into the future. That said, there are a lot of unknown. We certainly -- none of us know -- knew any of this was going to happen, and so we can't perfectly predict the future. As a constant capacity investment, what we've tried to do is be really prudent in our investment strategy. So, we've learned in in places on brands where we have clearly seen sustained growth over time and there's a lot of proof points that capacity will pay off and Reese's is a great example of that. Frankly, there are a couple of other places where we had elevated demand that we held for a bit before leaning into that capacity until we really thought we were at a point where we could guarantee the ROI. It is a bit of a balancing act, but at this point, we are bullish on the future.
Jason English: That's helpful context. Thank you. And I too like happy moments. One more question than I'll pass it on. In your prepared remarks, you touched on your collaborate space planning of retailers and resulting acceleration growth for both you and your categories. Can you elaborate on that? What's going on with the initiative and maybe provide some specifics on the changes that are being enacted by the retailers? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: I'm sorry, can you just repeat the very first part of the question I missed?
Jason English: Well, your collaborative space planning for retailers.
Michele Buck: Yes. Okay.
Jason English: You were talking about it in your prepared remarks. Give us more specifically. What is it, what's happened, what are the changes that are being an asset on the back end of it?
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So, I would say over time, given that strong partnership we've had with retailers and particularly a lot of our category management expertise around analytics, we've always partnered with retailers in terms of how to think about the placement of confection in their store and ways to optimize category growth. Whether that's looking at heat maps with how people travel through convenience stores or years back when we found underutilized face under the checkout counter and convenience stores, and we put category there. Recently, a lot of the focus from our retailers, or there's been a big focus around the labor shortage and thus, a push for even more presence of self-checkout. And so, we've partnered really closely with those retailers to increase the presence of the category at self-checkout and to maximize the presence in those queuing lines leading up to checkout and particularly self-checkout. I mean it's a perfect fit with some of the struggles they're having around labor and a great opportunity to get the category out there and make sure that people don't miss that chance to have that last impulse purchase. So, I think our retailers are always focused on what's going on in the environment that they need to address in terms of their store layout. And fortunately, we've been able to help them with some of that.
Jason English: Makes a lot of sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. You may proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Maybe just first off, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of competitive response with respect to the pricing moves that you've announced and how that impacts your expectations on elasticity because obviously thus far while early, would seem like volume trends have held up remarkably well in response to the pricing that you've taken.
Michele Buck: Sure. As we have always seen in this category, it tends to be a very rational category relative to pricing. Our most recent pricing actions are on track, and we have seen several competitors take pricing actions this year, including over the past several weeks and we don't really expect that we'll see any material changes in pricing on shelf versus the competition, any changes in GAAP, etc.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And then I guess more to Steve. I certainly understand all the moving parts on the supply chain right now, which makes getting overly specific right on '22, certainly a bit of a challenge. But if we take it from the top-line, consumption trends remained very elevated, Hershey 's got more pricing coming through, and it's had inventories depleted for really what will be, I guess, 2 years in a row. So, I would think all these things provide a reasonably good line of sight to -- at least an eye on algorithm sort of taper year, at least on sales in '22. Again, unless I'm missing something, and please point it out if I am. On the profitability side next year, obviously, you've already talked about, and I understand there'll be a supply chain pressures at least through the first half of the year. I guess my question is, would you expect the year-over-year gross margin pressure to sequentially improve as you move through the first half as the pricing flows through and you make improvements to the supply chain or our gross margin pressures potentially you expect it to be as, let's say, severe in the first half is maybe what you're seeing in the back half of this year?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Maybe I'll just start with the top line as you started. I think you're right. As we look at it today, it's hard to point to something that would say you don't have an on algorithm top line, you don't have momentum. Coming out of this year, we've got long Easter. You mentioned pricing, which will be a bigger factor next year than it was this year, that we also had hoped we'd see some capacity improvements would give us some upside. And then at some point, inventory replenished. And I think that's hard to call, but that -- we would expect to see some of that certainly over the course of next year. So still volatile, but I agree with the first premise. And then as you get into gross margin, I think there's still are a lot of moving pieces. Some of the things I think we can directionally point to, obviously the pricing will have a tailwind on gross margin as we look at raw material. The raw material inflation wasn't a big factor for us this year. We expect it will be a bigger factor as we look at next year. Logistics inflation that we're seeing now, I don't think we see a reason yet for that to break at least through the first half of next year. We'll have less spot market activity because some of the -- we'll be, say, better positioned for some of the stronger consumer demand than we were particularly in the third quarter. we still expect to see some labor inflation. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we've increased headcount to respond to some of the additional demand. Packaging inflation at resins. I think we keep waiting for that to break and it's probably moderated, but it hasn't reverted back to other levels or lower levels. So, I think at least through the first half we're going to see that still remain a pressure point and then we will see how capacity plays out in the broader supply chain network. The challenges we've had with logistics and trucks, warehousing, and all of those labor implications. So, when you step back from all of that, I'd say the gross margin piece is still has a lot of moving pieces. I think will give more clarity, obviously, when we get to February and provide full guidance. But right now, I'd say, particularly, for the first half of the year, we're going to see a lot of those costs’ pressures in place.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. You may proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Michele, I wanted to ask about the decision to reduce advertising for the year. I guess it makes sense in the context of supply chain challenges and if you can't get the inventory where you want, why advertise? But the stock's done well and your sales have done well because of the market share gains. And I just wanted to know if you think there's risk to market share erosion from this decision. Do you think your competitors are doing the same thing, so it won't matter? How did you evaluate the risk and reward of that?
Michele Buck: Yes. So first of all, I would say there is not a strategic change to our business model. We remain committed to investing in brands at some of the highest levels in our industry across the peer group. So, there's nothing that has changed about the strategy, so I want to be clear about that. As we looked at the decision, it really was driven by the fact that we have such elevated demand. And given that the supply chain challenges just wouldn't enable us to be able to meet the further demand that we would create through our very impactful advertising, that it just didn't make sense. It put more pressure on the supply chain. And also, we probably wouldn't get a good ROI because we wouldn't be able to fulfill that incremental demand. If we look at our market share right now, we don't think that the advertising cuts that we had executed impacted our share in Q3. And we're not the only ones having supply chain challenges and issues. So overall, I think across the board, even in the industry, we're seeing a lot of people manage advertising to supply as a challenge. We'll continue to focus on optimizing it. We will invest as much as we can, as much as we think we can sell. Certainly, we're investing in capacity going forward and we are very agile in how we're handling support behind our brands.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And can you give us any update on Halloween? Will Halloween just blow right through inventory or were you also challenged to fulfill demand for Halloween just like other products?
Michele Buck: Yes. It is a very strong Halloween season, the biggest that we've ever had, with very strong double-digit growth on top of the strengths that we had last year. We have done our very best to get as much product out there as possible. Certainly, I would say supply pressures hit every aspect of the business, so tallying season would be a piece of that. But we're really excited about the growths that we've seen year-to-date, both in the category, as well as our own business, and I'm seeing lots of very picked-over [Indiscernible] out there as I'm out in stores because it'd be a good trick-or-treat, they send everything we've purchased from consumers as well as the people really flock back to that behavior.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. You may proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks so much. I wanted to start by asking about your perception of your labor relations right now. We've had a couple of strikes obviously in the food-at-home industry. So, I'm just curious for any updates how you see the risks there and so forth.
Michele Buck: Yes. Absolutely. We are very focused on our labor and the first and foremost, I would just want to again, publicly acknowledge and thank our manufacturing employees. We have folks in our plants who have been with the Company for 20 years, 30 years, 40 years. And it's really their focus, their dedication from the very beginning, that has enabled us to demonstrate and deliver the growth that we've been able to during this very dynamic environment. So, we have very long focus and believed and operated in a way that we believe we have the best advocate for advocates for the needs of our people. We are in constant communication with our employees, and we're really focused on our total employee value proposition with those employees. We know that we have highly competitive wage rates, we have excellent benefits, and then we routinely benchmark all of that. But we're also very focused on the softer factors that are very important to our employees. And that includes, especially during these times of global supply chain challenge, work-life balance, stress management, flexibility in hours, being able to get time off. And so, we have an acted a lot of strategies to really try and help with that. We have an always on recruiting approach and we have really amplified our recruiting efforts this year to be able to successfully manage through the challenges and increase our net headcount. We've also leveraged the analytics to, as I said, understand some of the things most important to our workforce. So, we're very focused on that. We are very focused on prioritizing the needs of that group and continuing to look at ways that we can optimize the situation in terms of supply and demand. So, we feel pretty good about that.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you for that. And then a quick one for Steve. Steve, year-to-date, your corporate other expense line has been up fairly meaningfully from both 2020 and 2019. I realized that grows somewhat in line with sales. But I'm curious how we should think about when an ongoing annual number for that corporate line is, especially as we think about modeling 2022. Are there any potential one-time headwinds we should be thinking about that maybe go away next year or is this kind of a good runway to think about?
Steve Voskuil: You'll see incentive compensation is one of the big pieces in there, and as we turn the page to next year, that'll be one item that resets. Otherwise, there's not as much change. We talked about this year we had some planned investments in ERP and digital. We'll have some of those kinds of investments I expect next year. We also had a little bit heavier medical claims and benefits impacts this year coming off of COVID. So that may or may not continue next year, but probably the incentive reset will be the biggest year-over-year change as we start the next year.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: So, maybe just to tie one more up on '22. And, I guess Steve, just below the operating profit line, this year there has been some benefit from interest expense being lower. And I -- so I guess my question is just is we're looking in the next year and we're just looking at our models below the operating profit line. Is there anything that we should be thinking about in terms of puts and takes there?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. Nothing major. I think if I was to look at tax this year has been lumpy, but if I look at where we set the final guidance for the year from a tax standpoint and I look to next year, I'd expect relatively similar level for next year. We had some one-timers this year that will not recur next year. We talked about it in the second quarter and to some extent, this quarter as well. So, I can't take those out. And I look at the finishing tax position I see they the same interest expense. I don't expect a lot of change by flat year-over-year. So, I hope that helps. Not much movement year-over-year, other than the one-timers.
Bryan Spillane: Yeah. No, that's helpful. And then just a follow-up on the capacity expansion. I guess two questions related to that. One is, what type of investment is it? Meaning is it actual physical product production lines, or is it investments in further down the manufacturing, like packaging capacity? Just trying to get a sense of actually what type of capacity you're adding.
Michele Buck: Yes, we're adding capacity on both. Both, in terms of product production, as well as packaging across multiple brands. I think we spoke before about building our agile fulfillment center. That is up and coming online. So, it's really across the board.
Bryan Spillane: And then if we're thinking about or if you could give us a sense of the capacity now that you're planning to add just where you stand now in terms of capacity utilization or available capacity. And I guess, what's underneath my question is, we've been adding incrementally to this -- to CapEx over the last couple of years, and just trying to get an understanding of whether we're going to stay in this elevated cycle for a while or are we getting to the point where you feel like you're going to have enough flexibility in capacity?
Michele Buck: I'd start by saying capacity utilization varies by brand and piece of the business, so each brand is in a slightly different position. We certainly have invested several hundred million dollars to install at least 9 new lines since the pandemic began, and we do have more planned for '23 and for '24. But Steve, do you want to talk a little bit more about where we are in that total investment?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. If you look back really the last 2 years and this year, we have done a lot of infrastructure spending. So, we talked about the agile fulfillment center. We've got a Canadian DC that's in process, and of course, the ERP transformation, which is a big component as well. Now, I'd say we have to finish those projects of our pivoting more towards the capacity side. So, I think like we talked about machines packaging. So far, we haven't had the need to build buildings and infrastructure of that sort. But as we look at the total, next year, as we talked about a slight increase versus this year from a CapEx standpoint, really due to project timing this year more than anything else. And then, as we look further, I know we get more guidance on that, as we get into next year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks. I'll leave it there. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Modi with RBC Capital Markets. You may proceed with your question.
Nick Modi: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Michele, I wanted to ask about market share, if you could just give us some context. Obviously, I think a big question has been, how much of the share gains you -- Hershey has had over the last 12 to 18 months and how much of that was taken. Looks like quite a bit was taken. So can you just talk about where you see the most stickiness, where things have retrenched. And then obviously discussions are taking place now about 2022 shelf allocation. Just wanted to get some of your early thoughts on how you think you'll progress there.
Michele Buck: Yeah, sure. Since the pandemic, we have been able to hold on to about 50% of the market share gains that we had realized. We see certain areas of the business where those numbers are very strong seasons in particular, as we mentioned in our remarks. We had gained 500 basis points and we held on to about 75% of that. Take-home also has been very strong in terms of our retention. So, we're pleased with what we've been able to hold onto. And as we continue to unlock more capacity and reinstate some of that advertising, we believe that we'll see some continued strengths going forward.
Nick Modi: And then just a follow-up on assortment because I know that's been a big area that retailers have been focused on given all the supply chain challenges. So, as you engage with retailers regarding space with some of your initiatives, how are you guys thinking about your overall assortment on the shelf?
Michele Buck: Yes. So, I would say, we know that assortment bags are really big sellers with consumers. And there's been a trend towards that, particularly during the seasons and especially during Halloween. So, we have definitely seen that part of the category tick up relative to assortment bag. If I look broadly at assortments and what is on-the-shelf, what we've been trying to do is to optimize our portfolio of SKU for right now based on what consumer demand is, where the demand is, and availability of capacity. And we've really prioritized a lot of our core items that the core of the core of the core items, which are the highest velocity item even to the point where we're focusing in some places, on shelf you will see double facing of those items as opposed to the presence of perhaps some second or third tier items. So, we've spent a lot of time on this, and we think we've taken a really smart approach that has enabled us to generate that very positive demand and at the same time, maximize the available output that we have on capacity and on supply.
Nick Modi: Excellent. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. You may proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Just wanted to come back to the trajectory of capacity relief. I know you've quantified the reload hit for this year. Just in terms of at least how you're planning for it, assuming that's all set for next year, can you give us sense of how you expect that to unfold and just how soon you can start to see a relief and reloading retailer inventories?
Michele Buck: Steve, you want to talk about that.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I think it's hard to call exactly how that's going to phase over next year. We've got -- as we've talked about in the prepared remarks, we've got capacity that's come online this year. We've got more coming online next year. And I think, between consumer demand and our capacity coming online, it's going to be a challenge to quarterly profile that. We'll hear more in February. I will have a better picture at that point.
Michael Lavery: But and is the issue more the production lines or labor or is it both?
Steve Voskuil: It's a bit of both. Labor only from availability. Like everyone, we've done a lot of hiring this year. We talked about it again in the prepared remark. We've increased headcount but we've also seen more attrition than we've had in the past. So, there's a labor component, but there's also a machine capacity component.
Michele Buck: And I'd also say there has been a logistics and shipping component, as well, although we've been able to take some actions and have seen some improvement on that.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks. And you mentioned in the prepared remarks about the strength in unmeasured channels and just how your total sell-through is stronger than what we see in the measured channels. Can you give a sense of if there's any certain products or channels in particular driving that and just how sustainable it might be?
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, we're seeing it the up versus the pre -pandemic levels. And I think over a 2-year, it's relatively in line with what we would call normal. So, low single-digit growth is kind of what you should be thinking there.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. You may proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Morning.
Alexia Howard: Right. 2 questions from me. Firstly, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that some of the emerging markets are still holding up well. I wonder if you could give us a quick tour of India, Brazil, and Mexico. How long do all they collectively and what are the main initiatives that are in those areas? And then I have a follow-up.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah.
Michele Buck: Steve, do you want to talk about the size and --
Steve Voskuil: Sure. The 3 markets are doing well. I think, as we started the same point, I think on the second quarter call, but we are gaining share in all 3 of those markets in our key brands. And so, we're pleased with the progress that we're making. You can continue to see a fact from the top line due to the benefits of some of the go-to-market work, including the model in China but also efficiencies in the other markets. So, we're pleased with the way things are going with. We look to the fourth quarter, some of the same capacity challenges that we've seen in the U.S. and North America are going to have some impact on those markets as well. But really pleased -- with pleased with the distribution gains. We've seen the velocity and the share across those 3 markets.
Michele Buck: I'd say in terms of the key initiatives, I would probably bucket them across in terms of it is investing in the core. So, India, we're still focused on the chocolate expansion and broadening that. In Mexico, we have both a strong chocolate portfolio as well as Pelon Pelo Rico in the sweets area and in Brazil continuing to fill out our portfolio. We launched Halloween in Brazil for the first time. We had a premium dark line that came out in Brazil a while back that's been very successful. And across all of those markets, investing to continue to build those brands and to build distribution I think are really the key priorities there.
Alexia Howard: Great. And then as a follow-up. I didn't see any reference to the e-commerce channels in the prepared remarks this time around. Has that channel slowed down materially? Obviously, it was very elevated during the pandemic and I'm just wondering what's happening over there and whether that's becoming maybe less of a focus this year?
Michele Buck: Yes. So overall, I think perhaps not totally unexpectedly, from a broad consumer perspective, overall trips to stores, both brick-and-mortar and e-commerce are up both versus 2020 and 2019. In-store trips have pretty much rebounded to the pre -pandemic level. And in e-commerce, what we've seen is the trips have largely maintained versus last year. But we have seen the dollar per trip go down as many of those consumers who were more exclusively purchasing in e-commerce, shifted more of their spend back into bricks and mortar. Most of the e-commerce shoppers are not exclusively e-commerce, they shop omni-channel. So, we saw some of that shifting occur. Relative to our business in particular, our e-commerce retail sales are up versus last year with our omni-channel partners, despite the significant growths that we had year ago. And also, despite the significant growth that we're seeing in bricks-and-mortar as well.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers, with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Thanks. Good morning. With the -- just back to the capacity question. Again, just with the timing of exactly when you might be able to alleviate pressure on those most capacity constraints of brands hard to call as you talked about with Michael, I guess I wanted to cycle back to Rob's question, just get a sense for how long you think this lower run-rate on marketing could continue, and how long you'd be comfortable letting it run, just given the competitive backdrop.
Michele Buck: I think relative to the marketing investment, we're just going to -- we're continuously being agile and flexible. And as we are able to either bring new capacity online or make adjustments in how we are operating, because we've done -- we've had a lot of focus in things like freeing up additional capacity by reducing changeovers, by focusing on core SKU. So, I'd say we're in a period of continuous improvement both in terms of capacity investment and maximizing the capacity we have. So, we closely monitor that so that as we do see upticks, we can then quickly reassess and adjust our spending accordingly.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. All I would add is when we talked in the past about the analytics that we have around our media investment, and we put a lot of our own investment in building out that analytics capabilities. So don't think of the media tests as sort of a peanut butter approach. It's very surgical, very precise to the areas where we have capacity constraints and very protective of the high ROI core brand advertising.
Steve Powers: Yeah. That makes sense. Just if I could, how much of those analytics and those considerations are driven by your internal -- aspects that are internal to you and your control in your capacity versus, versus the competitive backdrop, right? So, right now, it sounds like you and competitors are all on that kind of a similar spot. And so, as you pull back, you're not overly concerned about share of voice being lost, etc. But if you got -- if you felt you were more offside on capacity relative to competitors and saw them picking things up, how does that affect you? And would you be ramping up ahead of capacity on marketing just to maintain that share of voice or how do you think about that?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I know our retail sales team, has very strong presence to start the week. Between what's on air and what's on-shelf and what's being promoted. We have very good data coming back on what's happening from a competitive set. And all of that does feed into the decision as we think about how we're going to optimize our marketing and media spend.
Steve Powers: Okay, great. Just one last question if I could. You called out the price increase executed recently in the U.S. and your expectation for pricing to play a bigger role in next year's growth, which makes good sense. Is there any color you can provide just in terms of the cadence of how you expect net-realized price to flow? Is it going to be relatively even throughout the year, is it -- does it build? Just any context there would be helpful. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. We're going to have more in the first half of '22. Think about the most recent price increase will kick in in the first quarter plus we'll have carryover from the price increases that we announced earlier this year. So, the first half will have more price relative to the back-half.
Steve Powers: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. You may proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Hey, good morning and thanks. Just a quick one for me. I'm trying to understand, for Q3 and your numbers, I'm off by a few days and your numbers probably they're mine, but clearly, I have 9, 7 for pricing in measured pricing in Q3, U.S. scanner channels. And that's significant -- when pricing broadly is -- at retail is ahead of what wholesale pricing appears to be, what's going on and does that tell us something about the kind of pricing you'd expect to flow through? And is there any possibility that retailers are margining up a little bit, at least relative to what you would consider standard operations. Thanks very much.
Steve Voskuil: We're not seeing retailers margin up in a material way. What you do see is a lot of impact of mix and retail when you really got to click down to get down to pack type and see what's happening. And when you get down to that level, it's consistent. More than what you see when you look at just at the top level.
Jonathan Feeney: Got you. So, you say, it's more of a mix phenomenon then?
Steve Voskuil: That's right.
Jonathan Feeney: Cool. Thanks very much.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn this call back over to Ms. Melissa Poole for closing remarks.
Melissa Poole: Thanks so much for joining us this morning. We'll certainly be available throughout the day for any additional questions you may have. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company Second Quarter 2021 Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company second quarter 2021 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our prerecorded Management presentation, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risk and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risk and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. 
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. First off, I guess, I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the cost to serve dynamic that you talk about in the prepared remark. I guess, it should not come as a surprise that 15% organic sales growth in a given quarter would kind of stress any supply chain, no matter how efficient. So, my question is, I guess, are there any structural investments needed in the supply chain going forward or any capabilities that were exposed by the volume spike? Or is it simply -- you sort of suck up the higher costs, as they’re transitory, particularly the labor part, and not need to necessarily make any changes, as that sort of volume growth is really not likely sustainable at these extreme elevated levels.
Michele Buck: So, Andrew, let me start, and then let me ask Steve to give some more details. I would say at the highest level, there are certainly key parts of our portfolio that have had just extraordinary growth, and we cited some of the numbers, for example, on Reese’s. So, one thing that we are very focused on is investigating capacity behind the brands and businesses that we know have demonstrated track records of strong growth over time and particularly where we've seen strong spikes that we think will have continued strength going forward. Let me have Steve talk a little bit more about some of the other elements of cost and cost to serve.
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I would add on the structural side, one of the benefits is we’ve been working on our supply chain 2.0 program and the Annville fulfillment center comes online later this year, that’ll provide some additional flexibility and agility, so that will certainly be helpful. As Michele said, continuing to invest where we need to on capacity, especially on those fast-growing core brands like Reese. From a cost standpoint and getting into some of the pieces, clearly like you said, Andrew, putting that much pressure on the supply chain at one time pushed us in a number of spots. It pushed us from an overtime standpoint; it pushed us from getting to contract manufacturers and expanding some of their work off an onsite contract rate, and the same on the freight and warehousing side. So, I look at those as pressure points in particular on top of that, or as the result of the higher volumes. And then in addition, I would say labor rates in general and labor availability in general are a pressure point, beyond just volume. The market for labor is challenging, and so just like everyone, we want to make sure we are staying ahead of the curve on hiring, making sure our value proposition at our plants is attractive, and packaging inflation is similar. Packaging inflation we touched on a little bit on the last call. It’s still a pressure point. I think we’re still optimistic we’re going to see that moderate as we go forward, but we haven’t seen it yet. So, it is a combination of those transitory costs on the back of the higher volume, and a few things that are a little bit more sticky here as we look across the balance of the year.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then, just using our back of the envelope math, it seems like the operating profit upside in the quarter maybe is roughly offset in equal parts by a higher full year tax rate and some of the higher costs that you’ve talked about just now sort of leaving the full year EPS guidance intact. I just wanted to see if I had the magnitude of each of those impacts for the full year more or less right. It seems like they’re of equal magnitude essentially.
Steve Voskuil: No, I would look at it as the tax piece was by far the biggest impact on us not taking up our earnings guidance alongside the top line. I think if it wasn’t for the tax piece, we would’ve raised guidance. The cost to serve is a component, but think of that as the 10% or the 15% of the impact where the majority really was the tax impact in the quarter.
Andrew Lazar: Really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thanks. Steve, you mentioned that there’s 130 basis point tailwind from inventory loading this quarter, and you said there’ll be a deload in the back half. Two questions on this. First, what’s your best estimate for how large the inventory reduction will be at retail in the back half?  Number two, I know it’s not always easy to forecast this, but how should we think about the cadence of that? Is the majority in the third quarter, or the fourth quarter, just for modeling purposes?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I think in terms of total magnitude for the back half, I think 1.5 to two points of impact. And I would -- I don’t think we’re clever enough to give you the precise quarter. I would say I’d look at it across both quarters, maybe a little bit of skew to the fourth quarter.
Ken Goldman: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then, I think it’s fair to say there’s some frustration among investors this morning that you didn’t raise your EPS guidance. I recognize the $0.04 beat wasn’t huge in the second quarter. There’s some uncertainty around the world in the back half of the year, but your business is doing great. So, I’m just curious, internally, was there any consideration of raising the bottom line guidance, or did you just feel it’s a little early given some of the inflation and the macro risks?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah. I think, again, but for the tax piece, we would’ve risen or taken up our guidance. Certainly, there’s caution in the back half relative to the inflation and cost to serve. I think we have our hands around what that looks like and have a pretty good bead on that. But if that were the only piece, we would’ve taken up our guidance, but tax was really the piece that we had to take into account. And we want to make sure we’re not sacrificing investment in the back half of the year.
Michele Buck: Yeah. For perspective, tax was $0.17 on EPS, so very meaningful.
Ken Goldman: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. What do you think about the tax rate going forward for 2022, Steve? This looks like a one-time impact, so do you think you’ll have an easy comp in 2022? And then secondly, you talk about some of the cost elements; some are structural, maybe some are short-term. Does any of this impact how you’re thinking about pricing going forward for this year and for 2022?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. On the tax side, we look at it as a one-off, so if we were to reset next year -- and again, we’ll talk a lot more later in the year about 2022. But as a starting point, we wouldn’t factor this into the starting point for 2022. So, I hope that’s helpful. And then from a pricing standpoint, and Michele can add on here, pricing is a key part of our strategy, maintaining and growing, our gross margin is a key part of our strategy. I’d say we execute against the trend. We are very aware of the dynamics at play from an inflation standpoint and so on, what competitors are doing, what retailers are doing. So, we are evaluating that environment all the time. And as always, we’re not going to kind of tip our hand as we think through it, but pricing is and will remain a key part of our strategy going forward.
Michele Buck: Yeah. As you recall, we did take two different price increases earlier this year on our confection portfolio that will really just begin flowing through in the second half of the year. And we’ll also have some upside from that in the first half of next year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right. Well, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. I guess, the first question is whether you can give us any thoughts on the gross margin outlook from here. Obviously, a lot of other companies are seeing an awful lot of pressure. I remember back in 2018 when there was freight cost inflation. I think you also saw some pressure. Input costs are going up, packaging costs are going up, and yet you held it pretty flat this time around. So, just some thoughts on that, and then I have a follow-up.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yeah. We were pleased with the Q2 gross margin. We were -- it was a little bit ahead of our plan, I think we managed it well, and of course, implied inside our guidance for the balance of the year is a little softening of the gross margin outlook from being up slightly to being in line with last year. And I think that performance in the face of the inflation that we’ve seen would be good. But our goal, again, looking to next year, building on the last question a little bit, is we want to continue to grow gross margin over time. And we want to do that through a pricing strategy. We want to do that through productivity. We want to do that through all the levers to manage inflation and commodity cost, and so driving that forward remains an important goal. We’ll give more color on next year’s gross margin as we get closer to the end of the year, but that goal remains firmly in our mind.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Great. And then just a question on the Lily's acquisition. You recently sold Scharffen Berger and DAGOBA. The company’s been trying to make premium work for quite some time. What’s the difference about Lily's that makes you confident that you can actually make this work this time, versus some of the problems that you’ve had in the past? Thank you. And I’ll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Yeah. What we really like about Lily's is, it is a scale business, so it is close to that $100 million in size, whereas Scharffen Berger and DAGOBA were much smaller, in the $30 million range. And we’ve found over time, and I think we’ve shared this before that for us, a good acquisition being around close to that $100 million mark has been built enough that we can really best apply our capabilities around distribution, manufacturing, synergies, additional marketing, kind of more broad-based marketing, et cetera, to really help to make the acquisition a success. The other thing I would say is Lily’s is single mindedly focused on better-for-you. So, while it is premium, it has a very distinct understandable benefit that those consumers understand, which is about the lack of sugar. That also gives us a lot of confidence that it fits very neatly into our operating model. As you know, we have already launched a broader portfolio of better-for-you on our core brands, and so that whole better-for-you area is a big point of focus for us. And there’s some nice synergy in terms of our focus there.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Just curious how you think about elasticity, and I know it can hard to measure. The ways we’ve tried to come at it, you tend to score quite well. Does that -- is that your sense as well? And how do you think about that in terms of your pricing? How aggressive you may try to be or not be, and just how you anticipate the consumer response to that?
Michele Buck: Yes. We have seen -- we have very complex and sophisticated price elasticity models where we look not only at price points within our own categories, price gaps, price thresholds, also around other snack items as well. I think over time, I think we’ve consistently seen that our business, our brands and our category tend to be on the less elastic side versus perhaps some other categories, which is what gives us confidence in pricing power and the ability to take price when we feel it is the right time.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That’s helpful. And just a follow-up on Reese's. Can you give a sense for the organic Reese's launch, just how that might be tracking versus your expectations, and maybe a little bit of how it compares from a margin perspective? It looks like, with its price point, it’s probably pretty nicely accretive. Is that directionally correct?
Michele Buck: So, it is performing in line with our expectations. It is early days, but it’s absolutely in line with what we expected. It is really in kind of a test-and-learn phase as we move forward. And it’s not, I would say, a big material piece of our better-for-you launch at this point in time, as organic is a little bit more of a targeted offering than say, zero sugar or sugar free.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Yeah. And to your second part of your question, from a margin perspective, we do charge a higher price point for it. But it also does cost more, obviously, so the margins are comparable to the core.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Zaslow: Hi. Good morning, everyone. I had just two quick questions. One is the tax, is it a cash item or a non-cash item? And then the second thing I’ll ask is, implicitly, you’re actually raising the EBITDA, which is more cash oriented. Am I not understanding it correctly?
Steve Voskuil: So, the first question is for the second quarter, it’s non-cash, but a portion will become or could become cash in the balance of the year, and that portion will probably be non-cash for the balance of the year, so it is a mix of both for the balance of the year. On your second question, yes, you’re thinking about it the right way from an EBITDA standpoint.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then just to follow-up on this. The magnitude of the increase on the EBITDA exceeds the amount of cash that will be needed to pay the taxes. Is that a fair way? And then I’ll leave it there. I just want to make sure I understand the tax, because it just seems like it’s more -- if cash flow is actually coming up, not going down, based on what you’re saying. I just want to make I’m understanding it correctly.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, that’s true, but I’d say the caveat is time. All right. So, if you’re looking at a longer period of time, it’s more possible that a portion of that reserve could become cash. And so, if you’re looking at next quarter or the balance of the year, that might lead to one answer. If you’re looking at the next two years, it could be a different answer.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. So, I guess, I wanted to maybe follow-up a little bit on Andrew’s questioning at the beginning. And Michele, maybe just stepping back a little bit, this -- in this environment, right, where we’re seeing not just higher cost inflation, but in addition to that, what’s effectively labor shortages, right, and we’ve seen this across a lot of the companies in our coverage universe. So, I guess, I had two questions related to that. One is, if supply chains are kind of running all out, just how you think about stimulating demand when there’s some challenges just in terms of getting product on the shelf? And I guess the second is just, as you step back and you look at all these different dynamics in the economy and the environment in general, it’s definitely a situation that is in some ways unique. Your perspective, have you seen some of this before? And maybe just how you’re thinking about approaching planning for the business over the next, I don’t know, 12 to 24 months, if we continue to be in this type of environment.
Michele Buck: Yeah. It’s certainly something that we spend a lot of time, thinking about and working on. And I guess what I would say is, yeah, we do realize that it is somewhat of a volatile time still, certainly with all the talk of the Delta variant and recent CDC guidance recently. It’s all too much of a reminder that we clearly aren’t fully out of the pandemic. And I personally believe, in September, we know that a lot of companies are implementing kind of a return to office. It seems like a lot of companies are doing that then. Kids going back to school. So, there will be more for all of us to learn about consumer behaviors and what some of those changes mean for that. The way that we think about the supply chain and managing where we are right now is, I guess in a couple ways. How do we maximize -- how do we efficiently maximize and profitably maximize revenue? And so, one of the key things we do focus on is really looking across the portfolio and focusing on really maxing out where we have available capacity and leaning into some of those brands and businesses with greater investment, reallocating investment to those businesses so that we can really take full advantage of that. If there are areas of the portfolio where we -- like a Reese, for example, I think we keep pointing out as an example because it’s such a big piece of our business and growing at such a hefty rate. We have total confidence making big capacity investments on that one, just because of the track record and the dynamics around that. And then -- so we’ll invest in capacity as a piece of that. And then there are parts of the portfolio where we’re not going to lean in right away and invest in capacity, because we want things to play out a bit here more. So, we really leverage the breadth -- one of the strengths we have is the breadth of our portfolio. We’ve got our seasonal portfolio with the consumable take home. We have a range of different brands. And so, we really try and leverage that as best possible to manage through. So, it’s kind of a balance of investing to build supply chain even stronger, which we’re always doing, but we’re doing even more of that right now. Doing what we need now, kind of no regret move, and then planning for the future from a contingency perspective depending on what the potential outcomes are.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks for that. If I could just follow-up with one quick one. Just as you’ve sold in merchandising for holidays in the back half of the year and maybe just more in general, have service levels come up more as sort of a factor that retailers are focusing on? Like, you can sell a program or they can take a program, but are they more sensitive to actually planning to be in stock? Is that becoming more of sort of a factor in that decision-making right now?
Michele Buck: Yeah. I mean, I would say absolutely. Retailers were under tremendous pressure this past year with all of the huge shifts that COVID caused on many manufacturers’ businesses. They had, as we all know, tremendous issues with out-of-stocks. And so, their goal is to make sure they remain in stock. In fact, right now, we’ve seen retailers really lean in a bit to inventory and carry a bit more inventory than they have in the past, because I think there’s a little bit of a scarcity mentality. They want to make sure they have product. They also know that manufacturers are taking price, and so in some cases it may allow them to hedge a little bit there. So, I think it is definitely a focal area and, of course, something that we always focus on and are proud of how we’ve been able to deliver for retailers. They’ve continued to come to us, given how we were able to deliver during the worst of the pandemic last year, and have continued to rely on us this year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks, Michele.
Michele Buck: Absolutely.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It seems there are no other questions at this time. I’ll turn the floor back to Ms. Poole for any final comments.
Melissa Poole: Thank you for joining us this morning. I’ll be available throughout the day for any other follow-up questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Hershey Company First Quarter 2021 Question-and-answer session. . At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for the Hershey Company. Thank you. You may now begin.
Melissa Poole: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the Hershey Company's first quarter 2021 earnings Q&A Session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre-reported management presentation, both are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other factors. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you for the question and obviously, really great results. I just wanted to get a little more color on your gross margin expectations for the year. You talked about transitory reasons for why gross margin would be down in first quarter. And I think – are you still guiding to gross margin expansion? And to what extent do you need like the incremental pricing to get that gross margin to turn the other way? And I would think some of these higher costs that you're talking about, like freight co-packing, it sounds like you'll need to keep doing those things beyond just first quarter, maybe a little more color there.
Michele Buck: So let me have Steve take that one.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Happy to. So yes, we are still calling for modest gross margin expansion on a full year basis. As you noted and we had in the remarks, there were some transitory impacts in the first quarter, some lapping from last year, some also cost in response to the higher volume. As we look forward for the rest of the year, some of the things that are strengths for us, the productivity gains, the additional volume, the pricing that you referenced, all of that will be part of building that gross margin. So far, for the first quarter and even as we look out for the year, I would say our inflation assumptions are largely tracking to what we had in plan, and the one exception that we noted was packaging. And I think that is one we'll watch. Our expectation is that inflation will moderate some as the year plays out, impacted a bit by weather in Texas for the first quarter. So that's one we're watching, and then in any carry forward of incremental cost to support the higher volume. And with more runway here in the balance of the year, we'll have more opportunities to optimize between customer service and manufacturing capacity and the cost of support. So we're keeping a close watch on all those. But yes, at this point, we still see some gross margin expansion over the course of the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And one follow-up. The new price increase on grocery and non-chocolate, can you give us a sense of what it presents both in absolute terms and also on an annualized basis once its fully flows through?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. So we see it total pricing for this year across all the price increases, order of magnitude about 100 basis points, about half of that is the non-chocolate piece. And again, reference there is we haven't priced that part of the portfolio since 2014. So this is in line with our broader strategy. We've talked about of rotating and refreshing pricing in parts of the portfolio.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So on an annualized basis, does that mean it's 1%, 2% to the total business? Or…
Steve Voskuil: Yes, annualized, it's about a point for this year. It's about 50 basis points.
Robert Moskow: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Just following on pricing a little bit. You said the 1 point to 1.5 on expectations for the year. And I mentioned that a lot of that reflects the pricing you just took and some of the promotional benefit in the first quarter. You also just mentioned that the packaging inflation should moderate. You've got some relatively benign things like cocoa costs and dairy at least so far. But if you were to look for more pricing, say, if packaging didn't come in the way you're expecting, how nimble can you be? And what sort of timing does it take to flow some of this through? How much upside to the 1 to 1.5, could we end up seeing?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. It depends on which parts of the portfolio that we would price. Obviously, the seasonal part takes a pretty long lead time. And so really, that's not something that would be in the card for this year. On an everyday basis, we probably need at least three to four months of lead time. And so you could say there's still some optionality there, if we were to see some worst case scenarios from a cost standpoint. Right now, that's not in the plan. I think we feel good about the plan that we have for pricing. But as I said, we'll monitor what's happening from a cost standpoint.
Michael Lavery: Okay. That's great. Thanks. And just a follow-up on the e-commerce side. I believe you've said that those margins might be somewhere around 100 to 150 basis points lower, but as it scales, that should improve. How have you seen that change over this past year with the benefit of the surge and obviously, a bigger scale base now?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. From a dilution standpoint, I mean, you're in the right ZIP code. It's a bit dilutive to the overall margin. Obviously, that piece of the business, as we've talked about in prior calls, has gotten bigger. But at the same time, we continue to look for ways to drive efficiency there and optimize inside that business to bring those margins closer in line with the rest of the portfolio.
Michael Lavery: Do you have a sense of just the timing for what that might take? Is that a multiyear process? Or would some of this surge that's kind of still sticking now would be a big help towards narrowing that gap?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. It's a multiyear process for sure. I mean, the scale does help. We get more scale across some of the investments and capabilities that we put there. So there is some benefit there in the present, but really to address the full dilution, it's going to be a multiyear process.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Nik Modi with RBC. Please proceed with your questions.
Nik Modi: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I had two questions. First is on just shelf space. So clearly, Hershey has done a phenomenal job on execution, gains in 2020, gains in early 2021. I'm just curious given how your momentum continues, if you would expect to see or have discussions with retailers, providing more space later this year, but also in 2022? That's the first question. And then the second question is just on – given the online momentum that you've been seeing and the clear stickiness that we've seen, how are you thinking about the supply chain and kind of reorienting the supply chain to make sure that you can continue to effectively execute as the online business continues to grow? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Nik. So let me first go to the space question. As we started out for the year, we always have a focused plan, focused on balanced growth across all levers, driving base velocity, using media to accelerate growth, growth in seasons, distribution gains. So that's always a focus for us. And we are fortunate that we have been able, given the strength of our performance of our supply chain, particularly overall, but also during COVID and some of the needs of our customers to be able to provide some incremental SKUs that were very viable, that our customers were looking for, and we gained about five incremental SKUs for the year. And so certainly, with that comes some shelf space gains. So that's something we've been focused on. As we get that distribution and we get shelf space now, that certainly has some staying power as long as those SKUs perform, which we anticipate that they will. So we are continuing to be focused on that. And as we look throughout the year, believe, we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to drive distribution as well as shelf space gains. And certainly, that kind of coincides with some of the share gains that we have seen on the business have been driven by that. As we look at online momentum as it relates to our supply chain, we've talked before about Supply Chain 2.0, a big initiative that we have to really prepare our business and enable our manufacturing and supply chain for the future. And certainly, as we build that program and that initiative, one of the key legs that we were focused on was the agility to enable us to adapt to the changing retail environment and specifically, e-commerce being one of those areas, because a lot of the packs sold in e-commerce are slightly different than those sold across the business. So some of those investments that we're making there enable us to more efficiently at a better margin, develop the right packs that enable us to win in e-commerce. So big focus in Supply Chain 2.0 against that and in all of our new capacity builds.
Nik Modi: Thanks. Thank you, Michele.
Michele Buck: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for sliding me in. I want to come back to the question on pricing, but from a slightly different angle. Michele, if we look back in history, usually, you move Mars follows or Mars moves, you follow, and you follow a similar order of magnitude on similar products. And that consistency has obviously helped investors build confidence in the pricing architecture, the pricing discipline or the pricing power in the category. We're in a bit of a unique circumstance right now where Mars is moving one direction with a higher magnitude, and you're moving in a different direction with a much lower magnitude. And it strikes me is quite a unique moment in time where you guys are diverging. I guess I love a little more clarity to try to understand the motivation for you to go in a different direction? And what if any implications this may have in terms of that pricing discipline we've historically seen in the category?
Michele Buck: Yes. So I continue to feel really good about this being a very rational category from a pricing perspective and there being strong discipline from that perspective. Our recent announcements regarding increasing price on seasons and also non chocolate and grocery are very consistent with the strategy we've been executing over the past couple of years of realizing price through different levers and on different parts of the portfolio. And we think that, that's proven effective for us to drive profitable growth and also be able to reinvest in the business, both for us and also for our retailers. But we do know that across competitors in the category, we each do have unique portfolios with different SKUs to our business across pack types and across brands, we have some different capabilities in terms of what we are good at executing and perhaps even different business needs at different points in time. And so while all the pricing isn't exactly pack-to-pack, exactly the same, what we think is important is while those tactics and products might differ, overall, category price realization is pretty consistent. And so if you look at us and you look at the largest player in the second largest player in the category, the magnitude and difference in terms of what we each are getting from price is probably a point or in that range. So it's a significant – it's not a significant difference between.
Jason English: Got it. Thank you. That's helpful. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you. You highlighted some recurring headwinds to your gross margin. I think there were some incentive payments, so comment on warehousing costs. Is there any color, Steve that you can provide on how much these may have added to your COGS or just took away from your margin? And do any of those incentive payments bleed into 2Q?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. So maybe just taking the incentive piece. So yes, we will see some additional incentives that I go versus prior in second quarter as well. As we get to the back half of the year, it's going to get a little bit narrower year-on-year. And so – but we'll definitely see some impact in the second quarter. We also have some year-over-year investments in capabilities. I think we touched on these a little bit in our last call, still some costs going through OpEx to support Supply Chain 2.0 that Michele mentioned and also the ERP program. So those would be, if I kind of look between the lines, some of the pieces year-over-year, that will be different.
Ken Goldman: Okay. And then as my follow-up, I may be pushing you a little harder than what you're willing to talk about, but it's hard not to notice that COCO, it was of the only commodities that hasn't retired lately, has come down actually sequentially in the last couple of months. So I know you don't talk about your specific commodity buys. But can you just walk us through a little bit about how you're looking to lock in maybe some of your favorable inputs a bit longer than you otherwise might have, just given how everything else has risen so much higher? It really could help you in terms of protecting your 2022 numbers at this point?
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes. I mean, you're right, Ken, we're not going to get too specific. Our hedging horizons vary. We kind of said in the past three months up to two years, depending on what's available on the market, liquidity, pricing, and I will say our commodities team is very good at interpreting the signals and trying to make smart moves with respect to that hedging program. Beyond that, we're probably not going to comment and said cocoa's moved around. It's down a little bit. I'll like you might interpret that as some opportunity if you were to be a little bit longer from a hedging standpoint, but we really don't want to say any more than that yet about 22.
Ken Goldman: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone. Hope you can hear me okay?
Michele Buck: Yes, we can.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. Okay. So I guess my first question is, I wonder if you can give us a little bit more detail and granularity around the away-from-home recovery, particularly in North America. Which regions, which channels, what exactly is playing out there that you're seeing that's so encouraging? And then my second follow-up question, I know you're not giving quarterly guidance, but obviously, 2020 was such an unusual year. And we're going to be lapping some interesting developments in the year ago period as we go into Q2. I think you mentioned the ad spend was going to be up materially in the second quarter. I'm just wondering whether you can give us any other pointers on how the top and the bottom line might be expected to develop? Or what the pluses and minuses are as we think about next quarter? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Sure. So relative to the away-from-home strength, I would say it is across the board. So first of all, we did see stronger foot traffic and consumer mobility in North America, and that was really, I believe, from the accelerated vaccine distribution as well as from the stimulus funds that were allocated and that not only drove strength in what we would call our core channels, kind of the more traditional channel, food, drug mass and even some pickup in convenience in Q1. It also had – there was also a very strong positive impact on our non-measured channels as well. So, food service, our own retail stores in a world travel retail some of those businesses that were really big decliners for us last year came faster than we anticipated. So I would say, it was pretty much across the board in terms of all of those venues improving a bit more than we had anticipated. So, some of it was due to the consumer traffic. And then, of course, we were able to also capture incremental distribution and merchandising in our US confection business. And given the strong sell-through that we saw, driven by mobility and foot traffic, strong sell-through Easter then led to accelerated shipments of some of our summer programs, which also helped us across the board. And then even beyond North America, we actually saw increased mobility in the international markets as well, a bit more than we had expected. So with that, I think those were unplanned for us in Q1. We certainly had planned to see those mobility improvements later in the year and have that in our plan, but not in Q1. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve to talk a little bit about the quarters.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. From a quarterly standpoint, as we look at Q2, building on what Michele said, we've got a lot of momentum on the top line coming into Q2. We're able to merchandise early. Some of the summer season, that will get us off to a – to a strong start. As we go forward from there on the top line, you're going to see sales growth moderate. The last get tougher. You'll see pricing start to make a contribution more in the back half. And as Michelle said, our plan assumed mobility would begin to recover as we got to the back half. So that's less of a new piece of the story as we turn the corner on the midyear. And then we'll see some margin improvement as the year progresses. You mentioned ad spending for Q2. It's going to be up pretty big. Year-over-year, that was – the quarter last year where we made some adjustments, some pricing advantage because it was cheaper to buy and some pricing or some adjustments in how much we spent just in response to COVID. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on the balance of the quarter.
Alexia Howard: Very helpful. Thank you so much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Michele, I know this can be a little hard to parse out sometimes. But as you think about how much of the gains that you've made the last couple of quarters, right, in distribution and shelf space, merchandising gains you've talked about, how do you think about like how much of those might be structural, right, based on a lot of the – the good stuff that you're doing around innovation and everything else versus a product of what's been clearly a more accommodative sort of competitive environment from a perspective of some others, whether it be supply chain missteps and things of that nature? So I'm just trying to get a sense, it's a hard one to answer, I know, but how sticky do you think some of those gains in market, right, that you've seen can be over time?
Michele Buck: Yes. So I think you're right. It is a little bit tough to parse all of that out. So I would say we came into the year feeling really good about our strategies. And many of those we have laid out pre-COVID relative to really focused on we got to win at the top line with balanced growth, which is driving against distribution, the core innovation, seasons, pricing and volume growth. And I think what we're seeing on the business is that we are delivering on each of those elements. And so certainly, that is a piece that I think has staying power that some of the strategies we put in place relative to pre-COVID optimizing our balanced focus on the core and on innovation, not over rotating on innovation too much. Not over rotating on any one factor, balancing price volume, one of those things. So I think that there is some underlying strength there as well as a lot of the investments that we've made in our core capabilities in our manufacturing and our supply chain over the year that have enabled us to deliver perhaps at stronger levels than perhaps some others in the marketplace. And so some of that strength that we're seeing in terms of impact of media, those types of things, they're there without the COVID impact. We tend to always, as you know, strong category managers. So we do tend to do well when it comes to winning at retail. We have our proprietary retail sales force that enable us to do that. At the same time, I say, I guess, if I was going to parse out some places where some of the current dynamics maybe a little bit more transitory. Certainly, we have one more distribution than, I would say, it's probably at the historic level in terms of number of new items, because of our strength in being able to operate in this environment and our agility, we have won some incremental march [ph] associated with the competitive situation as well. So for me, I guess, I kind of – I narrow into probably those two factors being probably the biggest ones that are the most unique. And of course, the other one is that right now in Q1, you asked more about a couple of quarters, in Q1, in particular, we've kind of got that unique duality where we're seeing that we're benefiting both from away-from-home and from at-home behaviors, both being strong. And certainly, I think that, that can't sustain at the level that it did in Q1. So we do think that, that's going to moderate a bit. Does that help yes.
Andrew Lazar: Yes. That's very helpful. It will be really interesting to see how much of the at-home moderates as mobility does return for the industry as a whole, obviously, it will be really interesting. But I hear your point about how strong both of those really were at the same time in Q1. So yes, that's very helpful. Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. I just wanted to touch on the international segment for a minute. I mean, obviously, performance in Q1 extremely strong. I think originally, right, the expectation was essentially for somewhat modest growth. Guidance now is up for the full year for the total company. And then I know you had comments in your prepared remarks just around basically playing it safe, right? There's some incremental lockdowns occurring, the visibility is that strong. But I guess kind of overall, the question is, could it be actually a lot stronger, right, than we would expect as we go through the year? Because it would seem as if kind of relative to what we're thinking about for North America, is that international piece does continue to play out. And obviously, given those compares are so much easier, it would seem as if the volume-driven year could actually be even more volume-driven off of that international piece as we progress through the year. So kind of simplistically, I'm just asking, I realize you don't have the visibility, but if things were to kind of self-correct and momentum were to continue in international, I mean, could you just not do much better on the top line than you're already currently guiding? That's all. Thanks.
Michele Buck: First of all, I'd say, hey, we feel great that we are seeing strength across every piece of our business. In North America, in every component of North America, including US confection and amplify as well as in international. So that's great to see. And certainly, we did have a strong first quarter in international that was significantly ahead of our expectation. I think what was interesting for us was that despite this fact that COVID cases were high in many of those markets, consumer mobility still increased, and that drove demand for our category that was stronger than we anticipated. I think the potential concern and certainly, as you look at the news, you see this everywhere is there certainly are some pretty dire situations, especially in some of the markets that we're in, but certainly, India being one of those, where case counts are rising. There are other markets where the vaccination dissemination is going quite slowly. And as new lockdowns are implemented, we expect that those could hamper mobility and that these trends could moderate. So we know international, things are always volatile, but they certainly are even more volatile during this time. And those markets are not going to have linear behavior. So we expect that we'll see continued volatility. What we're trying to do is to drive what's within our control, and our teams are responding with tremendous agility in adapting the plans based on the stages and the status in each market. So we feel good that all of our key initiatives, whether it's our China transition to the new business model, a restart or upping again our focus in India on our chocolate initiative, all of those things are going well. But there's just a lot outside of our control, and we'll have to see how the year plays out. If things are positive, certainly, there could be upside. And – however, we also know that there could be downside as well.
Rob Dickerson: All right. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Morgan Fletcher with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Morgan Fletcher: Hi, good morning. Thank you for the question.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Morgan Fletcher: So I guess my question is on how COVID may have changed your perspective on the portfolio maybe in inorganic, but also an inorganic way? We touched on e-commerce and supply chain earlier, but maybe if we could just go through more how you're looking at categories differently? Like baking mix has had very strong growth, while refreshments have seen decline. So just how you may be thinking about your portfolio on a category basis going forward? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. I mean, I think one of the things that we feel good about that COVID just reinforced was the strength of the breadth of our portfolio to be able to participate in different occasions. And so I would start first within core confections and say, we have a – our business splits a-third, a-third, a-third, instant consumables, which are all about people being out and about on the go; take home, which is all about people being at home and consuming the products there; and then seasons, which is all about celebrations. And so within confection, what we saw was, wow, normally, we might focus a bit more of our efforts on instant consumable. And when COVID hit, we were able to immediately shift media, in store merchandising, et cetera, more to our take-home portfolio. And we also saw that during a time like COVID, consumers were just hungry for connection and so the roles that our brands play during season to create that connectivity and traditions and rituals with something consumers just were so hungry for. So really leveraging the full breadth of that within confection was important. You raised baking and certainly, consumers were baking more, and we were able to leverage that as part of our portfolio. So I think what it really taught us was this ability to pivot to follow the consumer and to focus on the parts of our portfolio that were most relevant to them at that time. And as I think – if we think organic and inorganic likewise, we were able to take advantage of SkinnyPop which has done incredibly well during COVID. And certainly, we know that category like nutrition bars haven't done quite as well. So it's really playing on the pieces of your portfolio at the right piece of time, but having the options and the breadth across the portfolio to be able to meet those needs.
Morgan Fletcher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call over to Michele Buck for closing remarks.
Michele Buck: I'll turn it over to Melissa for closing remarks.
Melissa Poole: Thank you for joining us this morning. I know, it's a busy day of earnings. As always, I will be available to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Company Representatives: Michele Buck - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Steve Voskuil - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Melissa Poole - Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Greetings! And welcome to The Hershey Company, Fourth Quarter 2020 Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host. Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company’s Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Q&A Session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and listen to our pre-reported management presentation, both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session, we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.  Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions. 
Nik Modi: Yes, hi. Good morning everyone. Happy New Year. The – a couple of questions. First on just trade spend and just thinking about, obviously things have been pulled back quite dramatically in 2020 and as we think about 2021, I'm just curious in terms of your discussions with retailors, how your talking about trade spending.  One of the things that we've been looking at is kind of this reset of price sensitivity given that no promotion, so the effect would have been in the market for the past nine to 10 months. So just wanted to get your thoughts on that? And then the other question is just, if you can give us a kind of a round-up of the innovation program that has already been announced, just so we can get a sense for the program in 2021? Thanks. 
Michele Buck: Sure. So relative to trade spending and promotion, we didn't have any meaningful shifts in promotion activity. Our levels for the year were pretty consistent with the prior year. So we were basically flat. The IRI data will support that, so I think there is a little bit of a disconnect in the Nielsen data. So we don't really expect any material changes as we go into next year as well.  And then as you look at innovation, certainly I think some of the bigger items we have, Kit Kat flavors which has done exceptionally well for Kit Kat on a global basis. We have the Stuffed Reese’s product and our Reese Innovation tends to also always be quite strong for us.  We have a permissible line of products to really address that benefit of better-for-you that we are under developed in across our portfolio, and that will include Kit Kat Thins, which is an addition to what has been an already launch of a successful platform with Reese Thins. We are also relaunching our sugar free line to Zero-Sugar, really focusing on Hershey and Reese and launching Hershey and Reese organic products. So those are the highlights of the year, and I would say overall if you looked at our innovation, the level of innovation is about comparable to prior year. 
Nik Modi: Excellent! Thanks Michele. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Two from me if I can. First, I wanted to think or ask about you know the early holiday shipments that benefited for Q. Obviously, I think over the 4Q, 1Q ‘21 period it's overall a big benefit to you. So I don't think of it as early shipments, but I am curious, how do we look at the potential for a difficult comparison in 4Q ‘21 or should we expect maybe some of these additional orders that you receive this to kind of revert to normal with your competitors or you know maybe better able to fill demand going forward. 
Michele Buck : So Ken, if you think about the Easter that we’ll be shipping for in Q4, that 2022 Easter, happens to be one of those incredibly long Easters, and so typically we tend to ship a bit more in the Q4 prior to a long Easter. So we don't expect that there's going to be a material difference from a year-to-year basis because of that. 
Ken Goldman: Thank you, and then just for my follow-up, you know your commentary on cocoa butter costs was I think more constructive than some observes maybe expected, which is great. But I'm hoping you can expand on that a bit, and maybe this is for Steve, just how do we think about you're all in cogs inflation this year versus 2020? 
Steve Voskuil : Sure, yes I'm happy to take that one. We are clearly facing, on an all-in basis facing more inflation this year than last year. As you know we’ve got the hedging program which mutes some of the cocoa impact as the LID flows through, and we have some longer term contracts on things like freight and warehousing.  But that said, neither hedging or contracting is going to fully cover the exposure that we have in inflation and I think, if I take freight as an example, you know we look at things like demand planning and how important that is, and to the extent our plans deviate from the way volume comes in and have them go to the spot market for example where we have less cover, there is some risk there.  So net-net more inflation, you know we've got a pretty good level of cover and that's included inside of our guidance, but we're not fully covered either on the commodity side or outside the commodities. 
Ken Goldman: Great, thanks so much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions. 
Andrew Lazar: Good morning everybody. 
Michele Buck: Hi Andrew. 
Andrew Lazar: Hi! I guess first off it seems as though Hershey’s building in a fair amount of reinvestment spend for ‘21 in both media and other capabilities. Maybe can you give us a sense of the magnitude of this sort of reinvestment and maybe more importantly the ability to be sort of flex up or down really depending on how things play out this year. 
Michele Buck: Steve, do you want to talk about that? 
Steve Voskuil : Happy to take that one as well, yes. So on the on the media side, I’ll say media and SG&A in general, we’re probably looking at something like mid-single digits across those pieces. On the media side, clearly we want to you know defend and extend our share gains and so you know we were thoughtful in how we deployed media last year. We made some reductions kind of mid-year. We actually turned it up a little bit towards the end of the year and we want to make sure as we go in to this year that we've got enough to defend and extend share. On the SG&A side, you know we kind of think about it in two buckets, and I'll say things like you know normal corporate expense, travel will be very tight year-over-year and there – you know these year based budgeting formats, watch headcount, all of that.  And then we talk about the investment side. In the investment side we do have some capabilities that we want to continue to fortify, you know S/4 in the ERP program drives some OpEx through the SG&A areas. More expansion of our digital capabilities which came into play quite a bit over the course of last year and anything analytics and insights, but again we talked a lot about them last year as well, but continuing to extend our capabilities in those spaces.  And so you know could it slide us up or down? I think as we get into the year and we see how you know the shape of the P&L and we see how the top line delivers, you know we probably have some latitude and flexibility there, but I would say we have pretty firm investment plans at least in those areas as we start the year. 
Andrew Lazar: Great! And then just lastly, I'm curious what drove the decision to take a better pricing on sort of one portion of the seasonal business, and should we also assume, I would think that this does not necessarily preclude Hershey from looking at other parts of the seasonal portfolio at some point if in fact you know it deems necessary to do so down the line. I’m just trying to get a sense of what goes into that sort of decision making process? Thank you. 
A - Michele Buck: So if we step back and think about the seasonal pricing holistically, let me just remind you that we had priced the Halloween portion of the season and Halloween is our biggest season, so that had occurred previously, and that's about, you know roughly call it 10% of our season. And then we mentioned that with the pricing in Holiday, Valentine and Easter, you know we're capturing at least another 10 points. There are certain parts of the season, some of the everyday items that got priced along with prior, instant consumable pricing actions. So at this point in time with this recent pricing action we really have priced almost all of the season in the past year so here. 
Andrew Lazar: Great! Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi! Thanks for the question and congrats on a really strong year. You provided some helpful color on your cocoa buying and cocoa liquor and butter, but it sounds like these hedges are protecting you this year. Is there an extensive step up in 2022 and it is possible that more pricing will be needed when the full effect of the LID comes into play, not just for you, but maybe for the overall industry. 
Michele Buck: Steve, do you want to talk about that?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, I’d be happy to. So I don’t want to get too far ahead and get into 2022. Obviously as we said in the past, our range of hedging could to be anywhere from three months to 24 months and so and that flexes across commodities and so – but I don't want to get too specific in ’22. But as we know, hedging helps smooth the impacts over time.  At the end of the day as the LID flows through and sticks, then eventually that’s going to come into play in the cost, and so hedging can smooth that out, but to the extent the cocoa price picks that up, eventually that comes through. Now then that ties into the broader strategy Michele just talked about in pricing and looking at the overall P&L and other things like cocoa sourcing and recipes and things of that nature. 
A - Michele Buck: And Rob, let me just clarify one thing. So the LID is fully in play this year, so the hedges don't really impact that at all. Part of what's offsetting that as the hedge is we had even possibly prior to the LID going in or taking advantage of you know dislocations and supply and demand throughout the course of 2020. There were times when you know the cocoa market had come down for beans and things like that, so that's really there.  Just to be fully clear, the LID is 100% in the cost base for 2021, but you have some of those hedges with supply and demand imbalances, as well as that cocoa butter dynamic, which is really where the offset is. And so as you think about ’22, those will be the two variables to kind of keep an eye on, of what could causes those costs to change, more so than the LID.
Steve Voskuil: That's right. 
Robert Moskow: Okay, I'll follow-up on that. Maybe one follow-up. Can you give us a sense of where you think inventory levels are right now at the trade? Are you still a little bit below normal inventory or are you at normal and may be a little more color on – I think in the prepared remarks you say you might ship above consumption in the first half and below consumption in the second half. Steve, can you help us with a little bit more on that?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, that's exactly right. You know we ended the year with inventories in the trade of little below historical averages, so as we look to the next year, you know we see that could be a bit of a tailwind in the first half and a headwind perhaps in the back half at the year. 
Robert Moskow: Okay, alright. Well, thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question. 
Alexia Howard : Good morning, everyone. 
A - Michele Buck: Hello!
Alexia Howard : Hi there! So it seems as though the top line particularly change was better than expected versus the guidance that you gave last quarter. I'm just wondering you know what was favorable versus where you were three months ago in terms of how the results came through in the fourth quarter and then I have a follow-up. 
A - Michele Buck: Sure. So Alexia, the most significant portion of our over delivery in Q4 was seasons. It was probably about two-thirds of our over delivery, and I would call it somewhat one time in nature if you think about it, so there were two parts to that.  One was we did have retailers requesting early shipments, so that they could make sure that they had adequate supply as they came into 2021, so those shipments were incremental. And then we also had exceptionally strong sell through, both for Halloween and for Holiday, and that has kind of a knock on effect where we then have less discounting required you know post the holiday and less cannibalization of the everyday business, so you kind of get back to the everyday business even more quickly.  So those investments and the focus that we put, both in terms of media and in store merchandising to drive category growth during the season really paid off for us, but that was the, you know kind of the single biggest factor that was different than we had anticipated. 
Alexia Howard : Right, and then as my follow-up, I just wanted a little bit more color on China. You talked about the change in the go-to-market model there. I think you're talking about using local produces to get the product out. Is that instead of going through the retailers or is that something – I just wanted to understand a little bit better exactly what the changes are over there and also how big is China today as a percentage of overall sales. Thank you and I’ll pass it on.
Michele Buck: So really the shift is relying less on a large owned retail sales force and instead really focusing more on you know a master distributor type of arrangement, which is just more efficient and more effective. Clearly we will give up some level of sales. There will be some slippage in taking that approach, but we think it is the most efficient and effective way for us to get our product to consumers.  And then relative to the size of China, Steve do you want to hit that?
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, today it's about 60 base – you know 0.6% of company sales and so I think in the past if we go back to early ’20, your right, we said it was about 1% of sales, and if you think about between then and now you got two things; obviously COVID had a pretty big impact on that business for us in the first half, and again strictly because we were concentrated in the gifting space, which was hit early last year and then the second piece is part of moving to the new model and some of those transition changes. 
Alexia Howard : Great! Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Good morning, thank you. Just curious to get a little better sense of some of the sustainability of your share gains and just would love to understand how much you feel like it's innovation driven, execution driven, is it the higher marketing spending? It’s some amount, probably all of those, but is it – you know how much of the marketing efficiencies you saw last year? Are you still seeing and is that an important piece of what's driving some of the share momentum in ’21? How should we just think about all that together?
A - Michele Buck: Sure. So I think our share gains really are as you mentioned, a factor of many different components coming together. First of all, we do have incredibly strong brand and very strong operating capabilities and executional capabilities. I think as I look at the year, you know we got a broad portfolio and we are able then to leverage that portfolio and pivot as needed to whatever occasion are resonating most with consumers and families right now.  So certainly this past year there were a lot of those at home occasions. Things like S'mores where people were staying, being with their family at home in a smaller environment, doing movie night. You know products like Twizzlers. And seasons were it turned out to be incredibly important for consumers during this very difficult time where they wanted to cling to as much normalcy as possible and the seasons are really about traditions and rituals and connections with family and close friends. You know as you mentioned, we also made strong investments over the past several years and a lot of capabilities that allowed us to understand consumers, improved our ability to forecast where consumers were going to go, and then really execute well in our supply chain, apply data and analytics to our sales and retail coverage, data and analytics to our media in ways that we believe some others can't.  You know early on we had discussed with all of you that we made that decision to lean in and capture opportunity as much as possible during COVID, take the opportunity and create new occasions for consumers and really partner with our retailers to make sure we were there for them when they need us with our retail sales folks in store stocking shelves and meeting their product needs when some others couldn't, so clearly all of those things together were really important for us. Now, as we look at that I would say, you know we are – you know in the past typically might have been 10, 20 basis points of share in a year. Obviously this year 160 basis points of share and you know 130 on our chocolate business where we already have a 45% market share. So as we look into 2021, we believe that the share growth will continue prior to the last, which is really you know basically up to Easter, and post Easter we believe that the share will moderate as we lap those 20 gains, but it's going to be our goal to profitably sustain as much of the share as we can going forward. 
Michael Lavery: Okay, thank you, that's helpful color. And just a follow-up on your portfolio shaping. You mentioned in the prepared remarks you know interest in better-for-you. Obviously some of how you're doing that is spins and portion sizes that are organic type driven. But as far as M&A how should we think about maybe in broad strokes what to expect from any bigger push into better for you there. 
A - Michele Buck: Yeah, if you look at our M&A strategy, clearly it is focused on us capturing incremental snacking occasions and some of the ways that we look at that is you know clearly we do have a pretty sizeable business in sweet indulgent type products and as we look at consumers broad snacking needs, clearly you know salty savory and better-for-you are opportunities where our portfolio is under developed. And if you look at our past history of acquisition you would see that many of our acquisitions have been focused in that space. You know Skinny Pop is a great example of that. So clearly that is a focus area for us within our M&A strategy. 
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions. 
David Palmer : Thanks and congratulations on the year. Could you comment specifically on how much you think of your share gains this year or this last year 2020 was because of the supply chain advantages you might have had versus the competition. If it were supply chain or at least mostly supply chain, you would have expected diminishing share gains through the year, but the opposite seemed to have been the case, and I have a quick follow-up. 
A - Michele Buck: Yeah, I mean it is difficult in a year like this past year to precisely pinpoint exact amounts to any one factor, just because there was so much going on. I mean clearly we know supply chain was a piece of it. You know frankly though we also believe how we pivoted our portfolio and really shifted spending and shifted focus on our portfolio to the exact right items that consumers were looking for, you know the role that we were able to focus on with season and how much that resonated with consumers during that time.  So it's difficult to pinpoint – you know there were opportunities for products on shelves, and so I guess I would say you know I think it's fair to say some of that was probably short term benefits and then there are other components that have somewhat of a longer lasting effect. So for example, if you do well in a season one year and your sell-through was quite strong, typically the buy that you get from retailers the next year tends to be pretty strong as well.  You know if you're able to gain shelf space and get incremental items on shelves, typically if they're performing well, you have the opportunity to keep them on a sustained basis. So, well some of the benefits I think are short term, others will have that enduring effect. 
David Palmer : Yeah, thank you and just a follow-up on some of the comments you made about the advertising spending, as a percentage of sales going up to 21, clearly there's been a lot of changes out there in terms of the depths of digital marketing in the perhaps more exact return on investment you can get or calculate from those. I'm wondering at this point, after many years of declining, not just for Hershey but for the industry, ad spend has come down as efficiency was more the focus. Do you think that you can get to a point where you can get a flywheel going, where you spend as much or maybe even lean in on advertising as a percentage of sales as you get a better sense of the returns on these types of spending? Thanks. 
Michele Buck: Yeah, I mean our approach on media spend is, you know this is a category and we have brands that are incredibly responsive to media, and if you look at ROIs on media being driven by scale, profit margin and lift, last responsiveness, we win on all three of those. So we are one of the highest spenders on advertising as a percent of net sales within the industry and we really believe in that.  At the same time we challenge ourselves constantly to get more from our money, and so over the years we have transitioned from 100% television advertising, probably 12 years ago to we are now down to probably 40%. I think about 60%, 65% of our spending is digital. Now the other factor that kind of plays in, in addition to being more efficient through digital which enabled us to do a lot of very targeted things such as targeting media, based on how sell-through is during a season or targeting zip codes, etcetera, you have the other factor going on, which is you know media, the cost of media in the marketplace and inflation and kind of playing through that.  If you think about 2020, our spending was down a little bit because we pulled back on some parts of the portfolio that we thought you know just weren’t relevant like refreshment this year, so part of our increase is restoring some spend levels in some of those areas, and that's part of what's driving up some of our spending as well. 
David Palmer : Got it, thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions. 
John Baumgartner: Good morning, thanks for the question. Yes, I guess first off Michele, I wanted to go back to the Zero Sugar product. Can you share a bit in terms of you know what's enabling that relaunch? Is there anything there recipe wise that's different and then where do you expect it to price relative to the baseline portfolio and is it fair to think that it's, I guess at least gross margin neutral relative to the base. 
Michele Buck: Yes, so a lot of the proposition is kind of relaunch, rebranding to – you know think about this as a product that we launched many, many years ago, more as sugar free for diabetics, which is what, you know what that was about, I don't know, call it 20 years ago probably. And really the bulk of the relaunch is about repositioning sugar free in a way that is more contemporary. You know you look at beverages and Zero Sugar and you know lots of other categories, I mean those products are just positioned entirely differently in a much more contemporary way and that's really our goal. We actually think that the products are pretty good tasting too and we're getting good response from consumers, but it is a lot about the repositioning of them. And I'm sorry what was the latter part of your question? 
John Baumgartner: In terms of the profit contribution, is it sort of neutral from a gross margin perspective relative to the base? 
Steve Voskuil: Yeah, it’s in the same zip code, and the repositioning isn't going to be a you know a whole new P&L there. 
John Baumgartner: Okay, great. And then just you know a follow-up in terms of retail assortments. I think part of the strategy has been smarter execution that allows for some muscling out of shelf space, the front end from lower velocity and lower profit categories for retailers. But I think since COVID you’ve seen some pretty sharp declines and distribution points for mints and gum. Has anything changed in that environment, whether it's an uptick in hand sanitizers or anything else, that maybe forces you to pivot in terms of how you're thinking about shelf gains to the front end in a COVID world. Thank you. 
Michele Buck: No, I mean I would say you know mint and gum, clearly there was pressure on mints and gums relative to COVID as a segment. But part of what you might be seeing is how frequently something scans and versus high frequency which can some impact – sometimes impact what distribution actually looks like, but sometimes it's there and not scanning. So we haven't had any kind of material changes in our brand and portfolio broadly. We feel pretty good about our portfolio, largely focused on ice breakers as a key brand, which has strong points of competitive differentiation in the product and does well in the brand. So we are – yeah, we are feeling pretty good about where we are in distributions, overall for us and our brands. 
John Baumgartner: Okay, thanks Michele. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question. 
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. Just had two follow-on questions for you if I could. Just curious, Ken asked earlier about the incremental shipments that occurred in the fourth quarter. Is it as simple as looking at your consumption and comparing it to what you reported to understand like how much that seasonal shipment pattern changed or were there other factors, the inventory replenishment, that kind of thing and like you mentioned some non-measured channels that may have affected your shipments in the fourth quarter. 
Michele Buck: Yeah, non-measured was the other piece. Seasons was the – you know was the biggest component. Non-measured channel which we believe was driven by inventory replenishment. There was also the minor area of there were more shopping days in Q4 versus the prior year and so that contributed as well. 
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you. Then just another follow-on was in relation to the international division. Do you expect international sales growth this year? You talk about achieving market stability in 2021, and I guess I'm curious also on that question excluding China, so to understand kind of how the other markets are faring given the uniqueness of China. 
Michele Buck: So yes, we do expect modest international sales growth which ex-China would be even higher, as we discussed will be living through some changes, the impact of some of the changes in the model, but we do expect modest growth internationally. Each market is a little bit different. You know we continue to feel good on long term basis about international. It’s an important part of our business, it drives incremental, incremental source of growth for us and then as I said, each market’s a bit different.  India we saw some nice rebound and a strong finish to the year. Well certainly earlier in the year India suffered through a lot of COVID related pressure. In Brazil constant currency sales were good. They were double digit, but FX has been a challenge. Mexico really is the market’s that contended or has tended to have continued COVID pressure, where the category sales have remained soft, even though they are improving and a lot of that is driven by two factors, you know store declines, traditional trade, store closures and less of those family celebrations where chocolate has traditionally played such an important role.  So it's a little bit of a tale with multiple cities as we look at each piece around the world, but in totality will lead to modest growth. 
Chris Growe: Okay, thanks for all the color. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Thank you for spotting me in and congrats on a strong finish to the year.  A couple of quick follow-on questions, you mostly already covered a lot of ground. First, in response to one question and I forget who asked it in terms of glide path for market share. You mentioned strength up to the period where we entered COVID and then a fade from there. Just for clarification, are you talking about a fade in gain or do you expect your market share to flip into net losses as you give back some of the outsides gains from this past year. 
Michele Buck: Yes, so I would say our goal – we expect we will continue to gain share through the lap and then once the lap hits, we are going to be focused relentlessly on trying to profitably sustain as much of the share gain that we can.  Obviously it's hard to predict what will happen, what will be going on in the market place competitively, etcetera. Category mix alone could pressure our share a little bit, as gum will likely rebound versus ‘20 and we are under developing gum, so that mix shift alone puts a little bit of pressure, and I guess that's probably the only specific thing I’d call out.  We will be executing and it’s one of the reasons that Steve mentioned earlier, that we are really making sure we have significant investments this year, so that we invest in trying to maintain those share gains. 
Jason English: That's helpful thanks. And one more related follow-on. I think in response to Mr. Modi’s question, you mentioned that you held your trades; it’s been flat for the year. It’s our understanding that some of your competitors did not do the same. That they actually pulled back on some trade and pulled back on some merchandising activity suggesting that you likely gained share of trade spend, share of merchandising, share of activity in the marketplace. (A) is that understanding well placed to misplaced, and if it is sort of the reality of what happened last year, any indication that some of those folks who called back maybe leaning back in? 
Michele Buck: Yes, so it is a fair statement that some – we won some competitive merchandising, absolutely, as we had good product to deliver to really deliver for retailers and for consumers. But we really want share in every aspect of the business, you know velocity, promotion, shelf space, season, so pretty much across the board our share gains were pretty pervasive. 
Jason English: Yeah, well done. Thanks a lot. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone. I guess just two quick ones on capital allocation. First, share repurchases. I think in the prepared remarks you talked about ‘21 kind of being a more normal year. So are share repurchases or reducing the share count part of the build to the earnings growth for ‘21 or the mid asset. So are we, do share purchases create any of the earnings leverage?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, they do. Again more going back to historic levels, you know recent history. Last year was usual on capital allocation, the number of fronts is being cautious on share repurchase among other areas. As we look to ‘21 and plan this year, we're expecting share repurchase to revert to a more normal level. And again our goal is not to warehouse cash at the end of the day. We want to deploy it for profitable growth and share purchase becomes one levering creating some good constructive tension in that equation. 
Bryan Spillane: We’ll warehouse some cash for you in our living room if you'd like. The other just capital spending, I think we're going to be at $550 million for this year and maybe can you remind us, I know it's been elevated because you've been investing in some capabilities and some manufacturing capacity. Just kind of where we are in this CapEx cycle and is $550 million kind of a good number to run out going forward or are we still, is that still kind of reflective of a more elevated capital spending. 
Steve Voskuil: Yes it's more elevated, the answer is somewhere in between. If you remember last year we started targeting $450 million to $500 million for CapEx. Again, one of the areas we were a little bit cautious on was projects last year and with COVID and pressure on resources we had to reprioritize some things last year and the net effect of that was a little bit less CapEx in ’20 and that CapEx pushing into ’21, and for the main project there to the biggest ERP being one and work on supply chain. The total project cost didn't change and so it shifted more into ‘21 and therefore you can imagine some shifted into ‘22 as well. And so, but this year it's usually high. I think we're going to see elevated CapEx sort of above our long term algorithm, probably ’23 ,’24 and we're going to talk a little bit more about that and tag me in a few weeks, we’ll give some more color on capital and where it’s headed, but I would expect an elevated level for the next couple of years before we get back down to what's inside of our algorithm. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay, and then just last one tied into capital allocation, maybe a bit of a follow-on to question I was asked earlier about M&A. With interest rates being so low, you know it sort of you know changes the deal dynamics a little bit, right. We’ve seen a couple of acquisitions either rumored or on the tape in the last few months that are very accretive, because we are borrowing it at under 2%, in some cases it’s under 1%. So with that kind of backdrop, does that at all impact maybe the appetite of both in terms of just doing deals, but also size. You know we've got this unusual opportunity, there is plenty of liquidity, you know does that at all kind of change maybe the way you're thinking about M&A today verses you know might have been a year or two ago in a different environment. 
Steve Voskuil: Sure, I'll start and Michele can add on. I think from an appetite stand point we have the appetite and the second piece, we have great balance sheet. And so we generate a lot of cash, we've got flexibility, we like where we're at and so we are poised for the environment that we're in. I think Michele did a great job earlier kind of pointing to where those hunting grounds are you know we're aware of the external environment and where interest rates are and what may or may not be hitting the market, and we want to be able to participate in that growth just like everybody else.  Anything to add to that Michele? 
Michele Buck: No, nothing. Well said. 
Bryan Spillane: Alright, great. Thanks everyone. 
Operator: The next question is coming from the lines of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your questions. 
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Michele Buck: Good morning. 
Steve Voskuil: Morning. 
Ken Zaslow: Hello!
Michele Buck: Yeah, good morning. 
Ken Zaslow: Can you talk about your pipeline for Packaging Innovation? How that should impact pricing, not just in 2021 but also 2022, and how deep it is and you're just a thought process on you know packaging innovation and the pricing that's assigned to that. 
Michele Buck: Yes, so when we think about packaging innovation, you know we think about pack types which are designed to meet specific consumer occasions. So this is – for me I would encompass this as part of kind of price backed architecture, which is as we look to capture incremental consumer occasions how do we have certain packs that enable that, so that there’s a value to the consumer that you know our products now better meet an occasion or a need.  If you go back and look at, you know we went from lay down to stand-up bags, not only was it easier to shop on shelves, but it was also, once it got into the home, in the pantry, much easier to use, much easier to see, less messy, those types of things. We will look at pack configurations in terms of you know size, like is there a smaller size than it used for certain occasions or certain demographics versus a larger pack and we'll do that on a brand-by-brand basis.  So I would say that our pipeline is largely kind of focused on what we would say price pack architecture and so as such, what we trying and do from a strategic perspective is make sure that we are at least margin neutral. I mean that would be our goal. We can get price realization, obviously that’s the focus, but short of that we want to be margin neutral. 
Ken Zaslow: Okay. I appreciate it, thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions. 
Rob Dickerson: Great, thanks so much. Just, sorry you had some good question answered there. You know I guess in the prepared remarks you had mentioned the bar business, I guess the named ONE is the brand. You had stated that it seems like some, maybe retailer shifted space to protein drinks and powders right, through just to meet the COVID demand shift. But then also saying, kind of given the discussions with retailers, the expectation is that, kind of that bar business would come back.  So just asking, kind of broadly speaking, as you look at that bar category, relative to protein shake powders, are those conversations with retailers like fairly pointed, such that either they are suggesting, oh this is what we're doing for this period of time, but as we get through lets says Q2 or what have you, you know we would look to reallocate back to certain brands and certain bars, or is this kind of more of a you know “yes, it’s going to probably come back, let's kind of wait and see how everything develops” and that's kind of a big question I guess for bars, but then also more holistically for the entire store. 
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean since retailors are – yes they are always looking to try and optimize their space according to what the current consumer demand is, and so you know – hey, nobody knows how long, what the curve of the pandemic is going to look like. So I can't tell you a specific time when it will shift and obviously it will shift at different times with different retailers too, based on who their consumers are.  So I would say it’s less – we have a definitive timeline and you know we are focused on one, on how we make sure that we got the right score behind the brand and the right innovation relative to mini’s which we think is a big idea and also plant based which are on trend, so that as the category does come back, we are well positioned to capture that. 
Rob Dickerson: Okay, fair enough. And then you know look, I’m totally impressed with kind of all the different areas that you're focused on in ‘21 right and kind of on the go forward, right where we were talking about a little bit more sugar free potentially, right, obviously there's ESG going, you got some plant based innovation maybe more on the bar side, you mentioned before touching potentially increasingly into baked snacks.  So I guess Michele you know the question is, as you step back right, it seems like Hershey continued to evolve right, in more of a broader snacking business, obviously outside of the core chocolate confection. So as we get through ‘21 and we think about ’22, like very simplistically you know would you argue that you know the point here is to kind of get Hershey bigger in the store, in a bunch of different areas such that you are increasing overall distribution points on the go-forward for broader Hershey? Or do you feel like as you step back as a whole company, yes obviously you're looking for a quick distribution, but maybe there's a little bit of in-sell on a skew maybe on Sugar Free and maybe you take one out in Kisses. So I'm just trying to right size kind of that increased distribution opportunity given all the different spaces that you're focused on. Thanks, that’s it. 
Michele Buck: Yes, so I guess I would say first and foremost you know our number one priority is always our core confection business, because it is the mother ship, it is our profit engine, we have tremendous strength, it's growing within consumer demand and so you know we always start there.  And then with that as the foundation we really looked across all the capabilities that we have as a company relative to consumer insight, to taste science, to ubiquitous distribution, all of that and say how could we leverage that to capture more and more incremental consumer occasion and so I think that’s where you know you see us with a targeted focus on, okay something like better-for-you should capture an incremental occasion, an incremental consumer. so I would think about that as kind of more incremental. And then if I look at you know flavor variety on the core, to me that’s a little bit more where we rotate in, we rotate out, you know we have one slot for that, but it’s not a permeate incremental. Some of our expansion into other categories, i.e., better-for-you in savory, yeah I look at those as gaining incremental distribution points more broadly in the store by meeting incremental consumer occasion.  So I think incremental occasion is importation for us, leveraging the capabilities, and then importantly making sure that we do a very measured expansion. We want to focus on confection, add-in area and really play to win there, and make sure we don’t spread ourselves too thin, similarly to what I would say we’d do on international. We have a focused select set of markets that we prioritize, that we really want to play to win as oppose to spreading ourselves too thin.
Rob Dickerson: Alright, great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time I’ll turn the floor back to Melissa Poole for closing remarks. 
Melissa Poole: Thank you so much for joining us this morning. I will be available throughout the day to answer any follow-up questions you may have. 
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company Third Quarter 2020 Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host. Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's third quarter 2020 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and looked into our prerecorded management presentation, both of which are available on our Web site. In addition, we have posted a transcript of the prerecorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session we will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session we may make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the Company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the Company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks so much. Good morning, everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Hi. I'm curious, for the past several years, Michele, the majority, if not all, of the company's organic sales growth has come really from pricing, as opposed to volume or consumption growth, and much of this is obviously due to the success of the company's new pricing model and the associated volume elasticity that comes with it. I guess, that said, as you look forward into '21 and beyond I'm curious if there is a sort of focus internally on maybe regaining some better balance between the two drivers, and if so, would you expect to see some of that maybe develop more fully next year? Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Yes, Andrew, absolutely. I think we've shared before that we do view pricing as an important part of our growth algorithm, but we are very focused and would like to drive to greater balance between price and volume. We have good visibility into Q4 and 2021, and we do expect volume trends to improve. Part of that will be us lapping some of our pricing elasticity from last year, and also a continuation of some of the strong share gains that we've seen to date that will carry into the first part of next year. I think you can definitely count on seeing volume being a more important part of the algorithm next year, and we feel good that the calendar of programming we have, the innovation, the media is really going to help to drive some of that.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks very much.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. Along the same lines of 2021, if I can, Michele, you pulled back a little bit on advertising this quarter. It's been a little up and down this year for understandable reasons. I'm just curious what your thoughts are in general on what the company's plan is for advertising and marketing in general as you get into what hopefully will be a more normal year in 2021.
Michele Buck: Sure. So we definitely believe in investing in our brand. That is a critical piece of our growth model and the business. So clearly, as we mentioned to you, we had pulled back on some spend in areas where we just thought, given the pandemic, it didn't make sense. For example, in refreshment, where we knew consumer usage was down significantly, but as we look to 2021, and as we've started to see the momentum that we're seeing and some of the recovery, we definitely plan on taking our investment levels to where we would like them to be, and more in line with where they have been historically. So you'll see us really gleaning in to drive the consumer and to leverage some of the behaviors that we're seeing.
Ken Goldman: Thank you, and then for a follow-up, you didn't do any share repurchases this quarter. I think that's the first time in two years, and that was -- the last time was right before you bought Pirate's Booty. I want to ask if the lack of repo is an indication of a pending deal of course, but I am curious how you would describe the current environment for potential transactions. I guess particularly are targets maybe more willing to sell because they can do so off a higher sales number than usual, or are they more hesitant because they I guess kind of want to ride this demand wave as long as they can?
Michele Buck: Steve, do you want to take that one?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I'd be happy to. So first, just on the share repurchase, I will just echo what you said. Don't read anything into that. I would say for this year we have taken a little bit more cautious approach to liquidity in general, going back to the beginning of the year, and the COVID phase, just taking a little bit more cautious approach. We will be revisiting that as we look at next year, and I would say in general our capital allocation priorities haven't changed. With respect to M&A specifically, it's probably more the latter. I think people are still -- the ones that are the most interesting are riding the wave, and they still have valuation expectations that look like they did pre-COVID, if not higher, but I would say we're continuing to have an active funnel, continue to look at a number of opportunities, and we'll continue to update the market as appropriate.
Ken Goldman: Great, thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. I think the recovery expected in 2021 in International and Other is -- you have a 2% headwind this year in 2020, but can you give us a little bit of color as to the condition of your business in Mexico, and India, and China, and is it easy to assume that things can go back to normal or has the pandemic impaired your commercial capabilities at all or the retailers' desire to merchandise confectionary products in those markets?
Michele Buck: Yes, so first of all, I'd start by saying certainly there's a lot of uncertainty and volatility with the pandemic. We all know that we're seeing the ups and downs of occasional increases and spikes in markets around the globe. That said, I would say that we were pleasantly surprised by our performance in International. Our team did a great job executing in this very challenging environment, and I think that we've seen, while each market is a little different and the use of the category is a little bit different, consumers are really looking during this time for brands they trust, and we've done a great job over the past couple of years building the Hershey equity. So we were pleased with the rebound we saw in many of our markets. I think in mentioned in India our business was up 6% versus it had been doing. We gained market share across almost every market on our core chocolate category. So I wouldn't say that we believe our ability to drive the business has been impaired in any market on a permanent basis. Just as we are pivoting in the U.S., I think we've pivoted to where the opportunities are in international, and we feel good about the recovery, and plan to deliver against that.
Robert Moskow: Thanks. Can I dive a little bit deeper into Mexico, are there any packaging requirements that the government is making on nutritional values or any concerns about the category, how that might impact the category?
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So the government did put in place front-of-pack labeling changes in Mexico, and that new packaging is now in the market, and we are beginning to monitor the trend. We believe consumers know our category is a treat, they know it has sugar, and so, we expect that we'll see less impact from that than perhaps other categories will, but we will, of course, keep a close eye on that, and I would say Mexico has been one of the harder-hit developing markets relative to COVID. So, we feel good about the progress we're seeing, but it's a little slower than some of the other markets.
Robert Moskow: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning. A question on your share gains in the U.S., and particularly in chocolate. You really, and in your prepared remarks, you touched on this how adaptive you were by market, by channel, by need state and then in terms of S'mores, and some of that is related or might be related to supply chain. Could you talk about that part of it? And then I think the reason I'm asking is because if there is a supply chain breakdown or lack of adaptability by a competitor maybe that will represent share gains that they can reverse somewhat in '21, and I have a follow-up.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So I would say I believe our share gains are a testament to both our strong brands, our consumer understanding our programming as well as to the supply chain execution, and execution at retail, both of which tend to be core advantages for us as a company. So I think we're seeing our categories and our brands are definitely resonating with consumers, and as you mentioned, we really pivoted with the consumer. So very early on we tried to understand how consumer behavior was changing, and we've talked to all of you before about the fact that our category split is a third, a third, a third take-home, instant consumable, and seasonal. And as we saw consumers shift to more at-home behaviors we very early on shifted the focus in our portfolio to really dial up S'mores, Twizzlers for movie nights, our baking product activity, and then within the season, even with Halloween we made that decision to lean in, and drive, and build a Halloween season versus back away from it, and everything related to that relative to let's set the season early so we can get consumers in, in pre Trick-or-Treat, let's make sure we were smart about the portfolio that's out there, and not overly index to seasonal skews, et cetera, and then we worked really hard on messaging, to message consumers safe ways to celebrate the holiday. We dialed up ecommerce as consumers shifted to ecommerce, and because we had invested in capabilities in that we were able to do that. And then I think a lot of the strong investments we've made in other capabilities over the years helped us during this time to execute well, and some of those go beyond supply chain. So we've made investments in better understanding consumer trends. We've made investments in our ability to forecast at a much more granular level. We've made media investments to target better, and certainly we've invested in our plants all along the way, which really enabled us to pivot quickly to safety protocol, and really be able to continue to execute, and then we made the decision to keep our retail sales team at retail sales. As I think about that share gain, I would clearly -- we would expect to continue to see share gains clearly through the spring of '21. We would expect that they would moderate after that, that we're certainly expecting to hold on to share, and we will continue to drive our outstanding programming, and also continue to execute supply chain with excellence.
David Palmer: That's helpful. Thank you, and then, just on -- any sort of one-times from this year that we should be thinking about from model perspective, I'm thinking about COVID related friction costs this year, but also you might add back some SG&A in parts and other -- so, any one-time type comparisons that we should think about. Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I think we talked about it in the prepared remarks. On the top line, we had about a two point impact. So, you can right away say there's a drop through that two point in profitability, but then if you take a look at the net of costs for COVID, so protective equipment and employee incentives that we had early in the year, and you net them against the DME optimization, the BD optimization that we did, as well as the T&E savings, it was a net -- slight positive on those two pieces, and so, that, we would expect to mostly go away. We'll have some lingering costs next year, probably less one-off in any quarter related to COVID, PP&E and so forth that continue, but net, it was just a slight positive outside of the 2 point drag on the top line.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. I had a question for you. If I look back at Halloween, I'm curious if you slipped this season apart, and you had given some information on this last quarter, sort of the early season part and the Trick-or-Treat season part, kind of how each piece performed, if you can give a little color on that? We have some information from IRI, but I'm curious if you have better information than we have, and then, I'm also curious, as I think about that early part, if that's more indicative of what you expect for the holiday season as you move into Christmas and that kind of time where you don't have a Trick-or-Treat event. Can that early season, if you start that season early in particular in stores, be more like what we saw in the early part of Halloween, if that makes sense?
Michele Buck: Yes. So, clearly, we saw that within the season, the early part of the season performed more strongly, and the later part that's more Trick-or-Treat focused performed a little bit softer. Now, we had anticipated that. So, overall, the season performed exactly in line with our expectations. As we look at the total season, we were quite pleased that our sales were actually up versus a year ago as was our sell-through up versus a year ago. So, during a time of the global pandemic I think it speaks to the resiliency of the category, and the consumers' desire to really hold on to and continue to celebrate the traditions, and fun occasions like this in their family lives. As we look at holiday, holiday has some different consumer dynamics than Halloween, and so, we believe it will behave a little differently. I don't think we're going to have some of the pressure that we anticipated coming into Halloween. The category should be quite strong. Consumers use the product in different ways. It's much more about family occasions. We aren't as big in gifting some of the areas of the category that might be a little bit more hard-hit. So, we expect solid results given that skew to at-home consumption.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you, and now, just to follow onto that, are you shipping in holiday products early, and would that have been an incremental benefit -- do we see some of that in the third quarter more than we would have seen historically?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, we did -- just like we did with Halloween; started shipping in holiday a bit early, so you do get some pick-up in the third quarter for that, that will take away a little bit from the fourth quarter. Yes, maybe on the order, you have 50 basis points, and we also do that to drive the consumer behavior early as well, just as we did with Halloween, as Halloween was still on the floor, holiday was also out there, so that consumers could also gravitate to the holiday pretty quickly.
Chris Growe: A first symbol of… [Multiple speakers]
Michele Buck: Yes, strong Halloween sell-through really helps us because it helps us get that fast start to holidays because it clears the space to be able to put holiday on the floor.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thanks so much for the color there.
Michele Buck: Absolutely.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Hey, good morning folks. Congratulations on a good quarter first of all.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Jason English: I want to pick up on the back of Chris' questions and tease out little bit more of the outlook on holidays going forward. The Halloween early part selling was phenomenally smarter much than I think any of us expected. I think a big part of that is due to the merchandizing programs that retailers had. Think they started bigger and earlier than they usually do. Has that you think influenced how they are going to approach other seasons going forward? Said more directly, you expect retailers to provide more merchandising power behind the category into holiday, into Easter than they otherwise would coming out of the success we saw in Halloween?
Michele Buck: So, we've always had pretty strong merchandizing support at every season, and one thing we always think about with season is when we get it on the floor because we know that consumers will buy that holiday or seasonal product whether it's Easter wherever early for in-home consumption. If you get it out there, it kind of sparks the trigger of fun moments earlier. So, I don't know that I could say specifically that we can anticipate that retailers are going to merchandize it even more than they ever have. I do think that they will be focused on making sure that they definitely get it out early to capture the early part of the season since that is the piece that is a bit more stable. There were a few retailers as you can imagine with the uncertainty of Halloween and the fact that all these decisions about what to do with Halloween really had to be made in early May when things were quite uncertain and schools were closed and bars and restaurants and all of that. So, there are few retailers who had pulled back on Halloween, and based on the results of the season this year, they will likely have more confidence going forward which should help to make even stronger Halloween next year and probably also build confidence for the other seasons like Easter.
Jason English: That makes a lot of sense, and then, one more question on the -- I am sticking with follow-on to Chris' questions which I thought was solid. The early part of the season versus the later part of the season, the early part of the season was exceptionally robust, and you said late part was a bit softer, but somewhere in your remarks I think you said all in total holiday, so both earlier part and late part finished mid single digits for the category. I think bathetically to get the category down in single digits, we're going to have to see some pretty sharp declines coming through the retail sales data in the next couple of weeks as we capture that late part of the season. Am I thinking about it right? Am I interpreting your comments correctly?
Michele Buck: Yes. Yes, you are interpreting them correctly. So, category was down mid single digit overall as much as our business was actually up, and, we will see some of those declines.
Jason English: Okay, thank you very much.
Michele Buck: One other thing that to just keep in mind, there is a little bit of a timing impact from the Nielsen and IRI data given the season was on the Saturday versus on Thursday and based on retail reported days. So, you'll probably even see it's down even more, and you'll have to wait till kind of mid November till you see some of those last couple of days being reported. So, some of it when you see will be just the timing shift of the day of the week, and some of it will certainly be the declines in Trick-or-Treat at the end.
Jason English: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with DD Research. Please proceed with your questions.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you. Good morning and congratulations on the great execution in the quarter.
Michele Buck: Thanks David.
David Driscoll: I had -- so two questions. The first one -- just two relatively small ones on the other expense commentary, I think the year-to-date period other expense is only very small number, but your full-year projection $100 - $110 million on that means it's a fairly massive number in the fourth quarter. Am I doing the math right? Is that correct on how the time lays up for other expense? And then related just another follow-up on your volumes expected in the fourth quarter, I think in your prepared comments, you said North American organic growth similar to third quarter are pricing only a half point. So that would mean volume is something like five percentage points positive in the fourth quarter. Am I doing those two piece right? Any color you can give on those two comments?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I would be happy to do. So, on the tax side and other expense, you're exactly right. We will have a large other expense in the fourth quarter. Now that's consistent with what we have been seeing even in the early guidance earlier in the year, and then along with that, a lower tax rate in the fourth quarter to do the math on the tax rate you also have to solve for a lower tax rate, so that's how those two lines will play out, and yes, on the volume up in the fourth quarter, you're thinking about it the right way. We do have some inventory replenishment that will happen in the fourth quarter. We saw that in the third. We'll see some more of that or that continue into the fourth. We're also lapping some elasticity after the price increase last year and in this continued strong share gains. Those three things are part of driving that fourth quarter volume.
David Driscoll: Michele, like bigger picture question, first, you took pricing in most of the portfolio outside of seasonal candies in 2018 and then in 2019. Given the negative impacts to Halloween for the entire category, would you agree that now is probably not the time for seasonal price increase actions, maybe this gets delayed to 2022 or sometime later until we get a normal consumer environment? Essentially, I'm just asking you to assess your ability to pass through cost increases through pricing actions. It's a weird environment, and I don't know how it's altered that calculus. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, obviously, I can't speak to any specifics about our specific -- any upcoming specific pricing actions. What I can say is there's been no change to our pricing strategy of smaller, more frequent increases, and that doesn't necessarily mean we're going to have the same amount of pricing every year or that we would always announce pricing at the same time. We did, for example, actually have a small price increase this past year on our food service business in the third quarter. So, if we look over time, we have been able to price at various times, at various economic conditions. So what's important to us is we do think pricing is an important part of our algorithm, but as we've talked about before, we really want to grow through balanced growth across levers, distribution, velocity, innovation, price, et cetera. So, we know that that is certainly the one piece of the portfolio that we have not yet priced, and I think it's fair to say that given that we haven't announced a price increase at this moment in time, the magnitude of pricing in 2021 would be less than we've seen in prior years at least at this point. We've been pleased that we've seen conversion be pretty good this year, even in a very difficult economic environment, and I think that continues to demonstrate what we've seen over the years, which is the category is very resilient. Our brands are strong. We continue to invest into our brands and that does allow us for an even greater amount of pricing power.
David Driscoll: Really helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hi, thanks. Good morning, I guess building somewhat on earlier questions, I'd love a little bit more color around your general mindset heading into 2021 as you work through your planning process. Clearly there are parts of your business that have been under pressure this year, international, movie theaters, vending specialty, et cetera, and hopefully all those set up for at least directional recovery in the year ahead, but at the same time you've been gaining a lot of share, you've had great success in at-home categories like baking and with initiatives like S'mores, all of which is fantastic momentum, but again could set up for difficult year-over-year comparisons. So, as you size it all together, I guess, is there a way to frame your thinking at a summary level to what degree those various puts and takes sort of just met each other out in your mind? Or are you approaching 2021 planning thinking we've got either a net easier or a net harder set up versus what one like it sort of typical? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes, so, we're pleased with the momentums that we are seeing, and I would say, your call-outs in what you shared about some of the ups and downs on the business, I think, are very accurate. We believe we're seeing that our category and our brands really resonate with consumers and especially at a time like this, where they're looking for some of those moments of goodness, moments of happiness. We're really pleased with how we've been able to pivot with the consumer and also pivot with our capabilities to be able to execute within this environment, and we feel good about that momentum and our ability to continue pivoting. So, this year, obviously, it was consumer shifted to take home, and so, we dialed up S'mores and we dialed up Twizzlers and we dialed up baking, and we leaned in to create the season to make sure that we could capture that opportunity giving consumers new ways to participate in Halloween that frankly we believe those things like candy slides and candy graveyards, and all the creative things people did, will probably become a part of their ongoing traditions, and they have just evolved. As I mentioned, we were able to dial in and accelerate e-commerce, and I think as we look to next year, we're prepared if the consumer pivots yet again to be able to pivot with them, I think we've built and we've demonstrated ability to execute well during this environment, and also to pivot from an executional perspective, whether it's at retail, or in our manufacturing facility. So we're very focused on that, we've captured as well some cultural, positive effects, I think capabilities we've built in terms of operating in this environment that perhaps allow us to make decisions more quickly, and we think that is an enabler for us going forward. So we feel good about that as we look to the future.
Steve Powers: Thanks for that, Michele. I don't know if you want to take this one or Steve, but just as a follow-up, sort of unrelated, just any comments you might have on just current levels of promotion, the promotional environment, what you expect to see over the balance of 4Q and into '21? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes, we don't see any significant change relative to promotional activity. We didn't really see it this year, we didn't execute anything significantly differently, and nor do we expect to see anything in the future.
Steve Powers: Okay, perfect. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC. Please proceed with your questions.
Nik Modi: Yes, good morning everyone. Michele, I was hoping you could provide some context on the partnership with Google that you use during the Halloween period, and do you believe this capability can be leveraged for this holiday season, but also kind of in your everyday business, as you kind of look forward?
Michele Buck: We're continuing to leverage different types of data and analytic and insights more and more across the business, and we continue to really try and stay on top of tracking consumer sentiment, and leveraging data and analytics to tailor copy to tailor messaging to tailor media. So more and more, we're operating at a more sophisticated level relative to using multiple data sources, and also using that to reach consumers at the right places, with the right message at the right time.
Nik Modi: And I guess what I'm trying to get at is, is this kind of new way of kind of targeting consumers like the return that you see from what you've done like, can you just give us any kind of understanding, because one thing I'm noticing across the entire CPG landscape is, companies are spending more money, but they're spending more money on the same message, and in fact, new consumers are being recruited, usage occasions are changing, and so it really requires a change in how you talk to those consumers, and so I find this, Google partnership incredibly compelling for you guys. So I'm just trying to get better context on how it's changing the return profile of your spend, you can provide any context on that?
Michele Buck: So we have a continuous focus on optimizing media and the returns on our media, we always have, we've had strong media ROI forever, and our challenges, how do we keep making them better, and then we continuously optimize based on that. So right now, it's a big spend area for us. So it's an area we're very focused on elevating, and it is about you making sure right now, I would say some of the biggest opportunity is that opportunity of even more precise targeting, and then once you have that target, the ability to alter the message so and then we alter our media mix accordingly, and I would say we see significant movement in that mix on a year-to-year basis as we get better at that, I think we've raised some of the opportunities of how we've gone just very deep relative to specific seasons, whether it's the S'mores by zip code, or whether it's specific holidays and looking at sell-through at the store level basis to be able to dial-up media on a zip code level basis. So you'll continue to see more of that, frankly, that's just becoming a way of how we operate now.
Nik Modi: Great, and last question, just from an innovation standpoint, can you just provide any context on kind of what's remaining in terms of innovation this year, and how things are going to work in 2021, if there's any clarity you can provide on the launch timing?
Michele Buck: Yes, so we feel very good about our innovation. Some of the innovations that we're excited about that are new to the market include the Reese pretzel product, a Reese cup with pretzels in it. We've had a range of Kit Kat flavors. We know on a global basis a big part of the Kit Kat portfolio, our flavors, they tend to do quite well. We are on a very small level launching snack cakes under our Reese's trademark which delivers that Reese experience in a slightly different type of product form, and we feel good on that, versus based on some of the early test results, and we will have more coming. Some items on our take-home side of our business, that won't get announced till early next year which is typically the time we announce those things just given reset windows. No major change in our innovation strategy. We think it's working very well for us, we think its right-sized, and we think it's delivering much more sustainable results.
Nik Modi: Great, I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: You've talked about the increase in ecommerce sales, even if it might have decelerated a little bit, but it's up very strongly. You've said in the past that basket and dollar rings are higher online. Is that still holding true with the growth that you're seeing now? And on the margin side, you've mentioned that there's a small gap, but that you were narrowing it and that scale would help that. Is that coming along the way that would have expected, how does that look now?
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean we've generally seen larger basket sizes in general across most channels this year as people are doing fewer trips and more quantity per trip. So I think that's been somewhat of just an underlying dynamic given the pandemic impact in the marketplace. For us, on our ecommerce business, we've seen very significant growth across the board, but particularly in click-and-collect where people actually go and pick up their groceries, and also in the local delivery models as well versus kind of national deliver. The margins that we have are similar to what we see in bricks-and-mortar.
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. That's helpful.
Michele Buck: In those two areas -- excuse me, in those two areas where we have similar products, obviously, that we sell in bricks-and-mortar.
Michael Lavery: Right.
Michele Buck: Steve, anything you want to add?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I would say is that, we've said in the past, that overall, ecommerce margins are a little bit dilutive, and it's there, as Michele just said, in click-and-collect and local delivery very similar, not much impact, and that's probably two-thirds of our ecommerce business. The piece that is more dilutive is the ship-to-home, and in particular cold ship, and that's an area where we continue to work with our customers and look at our overall investment with those customers and joint business planning to drive efficiencies over time so that those margins align.
Michael Lavery: Okay, thanks, and I just want to follow up on S'mores. I thought that your data analysis and insight there to push that the way that you did was interesting. As you're seeing cases rise again now are you replicating that? Are you seeing similar results? Is there a S'mores surge we should expect, and that would be it be right to assume that those Hershey Milk Chocolate Bars are probably some of the highest margin ones that you have?
Michele Buck: So we have really expanded S'mores from at one point it was a very focused time of year to really capturing S'mores as a year-round opportunity especially if you think about how different weather is across the entire country. There are lots of opportunities to continue to expand that. So we're very focused on that. We're also very focused on the upcoming baking season, where we know that consumers will be spending time at home. It's already a natural baking season, and so, we'll be looking to really optimize what we're able to drive leveraging insights around that season as well. 
Michael Lavery: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning, everyone. So just one question for me, and I think there was a little bit of a commentary in the prepared remarks about some -- inflation in cost of goods sold. So maybe, Steve, could you just give us a kind of a lay of the land right now in terms of what commodity costs, and just cost of goods inflation looks like currently? In the context it seems like freight costs are going up. You've had some competitors talk about cocoa prices going up. So, just trying to get an understanding of directionally where inflation is headed right now.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. Yes, for us, I'd say overall, it's been relatively stable; so, on the commodity side, relatively stable. You saw big movements in commodities across Q2 and Q3, and of course we've talked in the past week -- mitigate some of that volatility with our hedging program, and I would say today they're fairly stable. There are increases in freight costs. There too, our team do a great job of longer term contracting which helps mitigate some of that increase. So, that hasn't been a real material impact for us. We have seen some increased warehousing cost, and part of that's volume and flow through along with the share gains and the volume increases that we've seen. So, we called that out in the prepared remarks, but in total, at least sitting at this point, we'd say overall COGS is fairly stable, and we'll get more guidance on 2021 when we get onto the fourth quarter call.
Bryan Spillane: But, I guess we could infer from that, at least from where we sit today that at stable -- is something that looks like it kind of carries into next year unless something changes.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I think that's fair. Next year, as we get the -- you're going to have the 2020 and 2021 crops of cocoa start to bear the LID. So, there's that to consider, and then, there's other things obviously on the gross margin side as Michele said, a little bit more volume-driven than price-driven mix driving growth margin, next year we'll have our continuing productivity goal, and again, a lot more on that to come when we talk on the fourth quarter call.
Bryan Spillane: All right, thanks, Steve. That's very helpful. Have a happy Thanksgiving everyone.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: Michele, I like to follow up on the Reese's snack cake. You mentioned that it's small right now, but Hershey went down this path about 15 years ago, and it didn't really translate into anything material. So, I'm curious what the data tells you in terms of changes in the landscape now. Does this maybe mark a new phase of the snack section evolution? I guess where do you think it slots in? I mean does it compete against the Twinkies or cookies, just where's the target market? Any big picture of thoughts would be appreciated.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So, I think we've approached this in a very thoughtful and measured way, which was not a mass launch where we just threw it out there and tried to make it as big as we possibly could at one point in time, but we did a very targeted in-market launch for an extended period of time, so that we could really learn about the proposition. We spent a lot of time in terms of developing the product to make sure that we really understood some of the drivers of liking in the snack cake area, and we also really thought about where and how we wanted to play and launch. So, this for example is very C-store focused. It is a single serve type of item. So, we're keeping it as a focused launch. It is definitely bringing the great chocolate and peanut butter taste profile that we have on Reese's to the snack cake market. So, yes, it is playing in that snack cake area versus other snack cake brands. We know that -- we had participated in this category for many years through licensing, and we learned through that that our brands could participate, and extend to the category. We also know that morning snacking has been a growing trend, and our confection items skew more to afternoon and evening. So, this is a chance for us to participate in some of that growth because that is where these snack cakes get utilized. So, again, we're going to be very focused throughout, and we'll put it in locations where we think we can garner incremental space, and where we think there's a strong consumer fit, and starting at c-store and looking at other select areas, and then, if it continues to perform well, we will expand, but we will watch it closely and take a measured approach.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thanks, Michele.
Michele Buck: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Hi, Alexia.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi, Buck. Can I just talk about the C-store channel specifically? It's obviously been under pressure because of the pandemic, but I imagine that that happens in sequential improvement, and [May] [ph], could you maybe just give us some numbers about how that channel is recovering?
Michele Buck: Absolutely. So, as you said, we've continued to see strength in food, and mass, and dollar as consumers eat more at home. The c-store class did see a bit of recovery in the third quarter. So, we saw the business grow in the low single digits in the third quarter, which is definitely an improvement versus those early pandemic trends. It did then slow a little bit as summer ended and those summer road trips decreased with kids going back to school. Our business has tracked pretty much in line with the channel, and significantly ahead of the category. So, we have share gains of about 120 basis points in Q3 in that channel. So, I'm seeing some rebounds and some recovery versus where it was in the past as people are out and about a little bit more than they were.
Alexia Howard: Great, and then, as a follow-up -- follow-up actually on Bryan Spillane's question about freight costs, I remember back in 2018 as freight costs spiked back then, that was quite a bit of a headwind for you. It seems as though it's not pretty much of a problem this time around. Are you able to tell us roughly what proportion of COGS freight actually represents, and how much of that is already contracted out, and what you've learned since 2018 to make the situation this time around a bit more manageable? Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. So, yes, freight costs right now, we don't see as a material impact as it continues to rise, it will have a bigger impact right now again because we're contracted and our teams do a great job of managing those contracts, it's not having as material of an impact. It's roughly 10% of COGS overall. So, it's not in material, but right now, not seeing enough movement there given the contracting to really drive a material dock on overall COGS.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much, and thanks for a great Halloween, personally and professionally, you know, the leanest of my financial ambitions has been to give out full-sized candy bars, which I was again able to execute. So, thank you. Two quick ones; I noticed in the data, your pricing in North America is plus 19 on the take-away, plus 33 is what you reported. Is that just the math or is there some shrinking or different mix within retailer margins there is my first question. And secondly, historically, when you look at -- today's velocity is generally tomorrow's distribution and your velocity has been fantastic. This is a weird year. A lot of people's velocity is fantastic, but do you anticipate gaining shelf space in that everyday place -- you look at these baking items, you look at these take-home items, like this is phenomenally better velocity, forget about just the total sales that you're seeing there. You anticipate significant share gains, perhaps structural ones, I'm talking share of shelf here as retailers do resets for holiday and -- going forward. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Sure. So, two parts to your question, the first was around price and some of the discrepancy, and yes, there is a mix impact. Honestly, it might be best if Melissa goes and takes you through a deep dive on that because there's some complexity associated with it, but the P&L is definitely accurate. As it relates to velocity, yes, good velocity -- I like your phrase today's velocity is tomorrow's distribution, I do think that's very accurate. As we look at the seasons, you asked about holiday, we certainly have been able to garner incremental distribution, incremental SKUs throughout the year both in terms of everyday and seasons because we've been able to deliver, and the items that we then put on shelf, not only could we supply them but then they moved. So, we do feel good about that. We'll continue to take a very disciplined approach, and be very careful that we don't over-skew. So, we really have to look at the productivity of every skew, and as long as it's good, we will be there, but yes, we have been able to gain some distribution, and going forward, I anticipate that we will continue to be able to perhaps even through the first quarter of next year.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much, and I'll follow up with Melissa.
Michele Buck: Very good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: I just have one quick question. Everything has been asked and answered. You made a reference in the prepared remarks about [indiscernible] is tracking ahead of your strategic plans. Can you talk about what are the key learnings that you've developed through your years as a CEO that has really helped you kind of make this a better acquisition and implement it? What are your key learnings, and what do you take forward to future acquisitions?
Michele Buck: Well, so, I think a lot of learnings along the way, I guess I would start with there's a business model for brands that we as a company are best with, and that is branded items where -- brand matters, where the business has significant scale, probably close to that $100 million mark, and it needs to be a business that has a high growth margin because that's what our business model is. We're a branded company, we invest a lot in marketing, and we have high margins that enable us to kind of invest and grow, invest and grow, and that's our model. That's what we need. So, I think that was one of the biggest learnings was to help us select the asset. I think secondly, really understanding the strengths of the brand and really being able to do the right deep dive on which KPIs we think predict the ability for a brand to scale, and then, I would say really trying to scale the business well, and I would say hey, we've learned lessons the whole way along the way. As you know, in the past, we bought some businesses that were too small, we bought some businesses that had lower margins, and we had some that we perhaps didn't execute on the scaling as well, and I think we've had a very focused effort on the scaling as well, and we've gotten much better at that relative to supply chain, relative to the talent that we need when we buy a company like this where we want to keep the entrepreneurial spirit, we want to keep people who know the brand and the business, but we also have to be focused on the point that -- we're also at a point where we want to scale the business. I mean I'd go back to the scale, the branded nature, the high margin are probably the biggest ones, and then picking the right underlying KPIs that say it's a sustainable business, because if we can do that, we can make in some.
Ken Zaslow: Great, I really appreciate it. Thanks. Stay well.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Ms. Poole for any final comments.
Melissa Poole: Thank you all for joining us this morning. I will be available after the call to answer any additional questions you may have. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Melissa Poole: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the prerecorded discussion of The Hershey Company’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Results. My name is Melissa Poole and I’m the Vice President of Investor Relations at Hershey. Joining me today are Hershey’s Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey’s Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. In addition to these remarks, we will host an analyst Q&A-only session at 8:30 a.m. Eastern on the morning of July 23. A replay of this webcast and our subsequent Q&A session will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website, along with their corresponding transcripts. During the course of today’s discussion, Management will make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the Company’s future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today’s press release and the Company’s SEC filings. Finally, please note that during today’s discussions, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning’s press release. It is now my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck.
Michele Buck: Thank you, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of the entire Company, we hope you, your colleagues and your loved ones are continuing to stay safe and healthy. We have all experienced significant change and new challenges over these past several months. Things we never predicted are now realities that we are all adapting to. Things we thought would evolve over the course of several years have changed in weeks. I could not be prouder of the Hershey organization for how they have responded. At the center of our culture is the shared believe that Hershey and its people stand for togetherness, integrity, excellence and making a difference. These values have shined even more brightly over the past several months. Our teams have worked together tirelessly to keep each other safe, our supply chain running, our customers’ needs met, and our consumers stocked with snacks that make their lives a little more delicious during these very difficult times. Our teammates have done this with a care and compassion for each other and the communities in which they live, and they are energized and inspired to leverage this moment to drive positive change for the future. I want to thank the entire organization, from retail to manufacturing and across our corporate international and regional offices, for the hard work and commitment they bring every day. The marketplace remains volatile as the virus and consumer behavior evolves. We saw significant changes as we progressed through the second quarter, but our teams did a fantastic job of adapting to these changes and continued to execute exceptionally well. The first half of the quarter was particularly challenging, as global economic growth contracted and government-mandated restrictions and closures impacted consumer mobility and, in turn, our performance. We did see an improvement later in the quarter as economies began to reopen and consumers returned to more activities outside the home. We continue to feel good about our long-term strategies and the strength we saw in our core products and channels during the quarter. Despite new challenges and increased complexities, we delivered profitable category-leading sales growth in North America. These gains were offset by sales declines in areas heavily impacted by the pandemic and related government restrictions and consumer mobility limitations. Our agile investment mindset enabled us to quickly pivot and mitigate sales declines in areas impacted by consumer mobility restrictions. In addition, our advantaged margin structure and strong cost management helped us to mitigate incremental COVID-19-related costs to enable us to deliver adjusted earnings per share in line with last year. We expect accelerated sales growth in the second half of the year, based on momentum exiting the quarter, assuming there’s no significant disruption to current consumer trends. We also expect pricing and strong cost management to drive margin expansion and earnings growth in the second half of the year. Now, let me share some details on our North American business. While we have seen significant channel disruption and changes in consumer behavior, our brands and categories remain an important part of consumers’ lives and have performed relatively well. We saw strong performance in the food, mass, dollar and e-commerce classes of trade, consistent with broader channel trends. Our e-commerce sales growth remains significantly higher than our pre-COVID baseline, with year-over-year sales growth accelerating further in the second quarter to 200%. Category trends in drug, convenience and club channels were more pressured, though all sequentially improved as we progressed through the quarter as consumers returned to more normal activities away from home. While COVID-19 has impacted traffic to some key channels in the short-term, we continue to believe our channel diversification is a long-term strategic advantage. Despite some of these pressures, our combined retail takeaway in measured channels was up over 4% in the quarter and it was up almost 9% in June. Importantly, we are winning share in every channel this year, and our share growth is strongest in the largest channels that are experiencing the most growth. We are leading not only through our portfolio of iconic brands, consumer relevant marketing and strong execution, but with our thought leadership, as well. Within confection, this has enabled us to drive growth that far exceeds the category and expand our number one share position in the U.S. Our category share grew 225 basis points in the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date share gain to 150 basis points. The chocolate category is performing well, with growth of approximately 4% in measured channels for the first half of the year, despite a shorter Easter. Everyday chocolate sales have consistently grown 9% since the pandemic began. While take-home products are driving outsized growth, instant consumable products are also growing. Hershey’s has outperformed the category, with sales growth across brands that accelerated as we progressed through the quarter. In June, Hershey’s chocolate portfolio grew 13%, with Reese’s, Hershey’s and Kit Kat brands each growing 14%. Key variety brands, such as PayDay, York, Almond Joy, Mounds, Heath and Rolo, also all grew during the month, resulting in a combined growth rate of over 11%. Our key chocolate innovation is also performing well. As we discussed in April, much of our innovation was launched prior to the pandemic hitting the U.S. Despite softening convenience store trends in the quarter, our instant consumable innovation remains on track. Our Reese’s Take 5 relaunch is set to double the size of the brand this year to approximately $70 million of retail sales, and our Kit Kat flavor innovation is doing very well, with Kit Kat Duos and Kit Kat Birthday Cake both driving incremental brand household penetration and frequency. Distribution of our new THINS innovation was delayed slightly by the pandemic at several customers, but it’s now in full distribution and velocities are strong. We have secured strong merchandising in-store for our key summer promotions, including Smores, Twizzlers and our Reese’s Lovers In and Out Promotions. Our teams have shown great agility to adjust messaging and deliver consumer-relevant content to drive growth of 14% on these programs versus last year. Our Twizzlers and Jolly Rancher brands grew a combined 6% in the second quarter, also ahead of the category. Our strong in-store merchandising on Twizzlers has been amplified by consumer-relevant marketing to drive accelerated growth this summer as consumers enjoy this classic treat while watching movies at home or in the car on their summer road trips. As we mentioned in April, the refreshment category has been negatively impacted by social distancing, as the functional need for breath freshening has lessened. While trends have improved since April, the category continued to decline 20% to 25% in June. Our business has trended relatively in line with the category. We expect category trends to remain challenged until social distancing guidelines relax. Sales for our baking items are performing exceptionally well, with growth of over 40% in the second quarter. This growth was across products, including syrup, baking chips, toppings and cocoa, as consumers spend more time at home together in the kitchen. We have capitalized on this trend to sustain momentum, increasing marketing spend and generating more content and recipes for our consumers. This is important for the second half of the year, when baking takes on an even bigger role in U.S. households. Finally, let me touch on our better-for-you snack portfolio. Our salty snack brands have shown solid growth this year. As we shared on our call in April, we did experience some softness early in the second quarter, as our in-store presence and supply was negatively impacted by COVID-19. We worked quickly to improve our execution and in-store distribution and merchandising, resulting in accelerated performance in late May and June. In the month of June, our Skinny Pop and Pirate’s Booty brands grew 8.4% and 3.7%, respectively, in measured channels, and total sales growth outpaced these levels, bolstered by strong growth in club and e-commerce. While we saw strong sales growth in measured channels, as expected, this was partially offset by significant declines in our food service and specialty retail businesses. Trends improved as we progressed through the quarter as many locations re-opened; however, traffic and sales remained below prior year levels in June. While we expect the second half headwind in these channels to be less severe than the second quarter impact, uncertainty remains as consumer behaviors continue to evolve, COVID-19 cases rise and regions consider mitigating actions to control the spread of the virus. Before I discuss our international segment, let me spend a few minutes providing an update on Halloween. As many of you know, Halloween is our largest season and it represents approximately 10% of our annual sales. We begin manufacturing product in the second quarter and primarily ship product to stores in the third quarter. Halloween celebrations are likely to be different this year, with an earlier start to the season and more geographic differences than in prior years. We expect that there will be more at-home activities, with families sharing timeless traditions and new ways for people to celebrate with neighbors. It is important to note that nearly 50% of Halloween candy spend is on “treat for me” and “candy bowl” occasions, which start early in the season. Trick or treating represents the other 50% of the season, with sales concentrated in the last two weeks of October. While research indicates trick-or-treating participation will likely be below prior year levels due to COVID-19 concerns, the expectation of this holiday tradition has been consistently improving over the past several weeks. We expect to outperform the category given our iconic brands, strong innovation and merchandising, and great execution. While we have visibility to orders and current consumer intentions, we expect the virus and consumer sentiment to evolve in the months leading up to the season, which could present some risk to sell-through.  We will continue to monitor consumer behavior and local guidelines and partner with our retailers to help consumers celebrate the season of Halloween during this uncertain time. Now, let me shift gears and discuss our international and other segment. As anticipated, second quarter results were significantly impacted by COVID-19. As we shared in April, our owned retail Chocolate World locations were closed during the second quarter and we saw a meaningful impact on our travel retail business as air travel declined. While our locations have begun to reopen and air travel is beginning to improve, traffic remains well below historical levels and we anticipate a slower recovery in these channels. In several of our key international markets -- notably, Mexico, India and Brazil -- we have seen a significant increase in coronavirus cases over the past several months. While measures to stem the spread of the virus have varied by country, we have consistently seen these measures and their associated economic impact pressure chocolate category sales. In many of these markets, chocolate consumption is not as embedded in the culture as it is in the United States, and it is premium priced versus other food and snacking options. Category trends did improve as the quarter progressed, but they remain below prior year levels. While we saw strength in some of our other items in key markets, such as cocoa powder, syrup and spreads, it wasn’t enough to offset the chocolate declines. We have responded to these recent trends and scaled back investments accordingly to help mitigate the COVID-19 impact on our business. We remain committed to our international strategy over the long-term and we will maintain an appropriate level of investment to capture opportunities as the macroeconomic environment and pandemic improve. Now, let me turn it over to Steve to provide some more details of our financial results, as well as our outlook for the rest of the year. Steve?
Steve Voskuil: Thanks, Michele, and good morning, everyone. Before reviewing the detailed results for the second quarter, I want to build on Michele’s remarks and commend our team’s ability to adapt, execute and make smart decisions quickly during this unprecedented time. While our top line was challenged due to COVID-19-related softness in certain areas of the business, and we incurred incremental costs related to the pandemic, strong price realization in North America and proactive cost management allowed us to sustain profitability and deliver earnings in line with last year. As we look to the balance of the year, we anticipate incremental improvement to our top line, and feel good about the plans we have in place to continue to adapt and manage the opportunities and challenges that may arise in this dynamic operating environment. During the second quarter, reported net sales decreased by 3.4% versus the same period a year ago, with an organic, constant currency decline of 3.5%. As Michele mentioned, these declines were driven by COVID-19-related pressures to our international and other segment, as well as non-traditional channels in the U.S., such as food service and specialty retail. These declines were partially offset by strength in our confection business in measured channels, which benefited from elevated at-home demand and strong price realization. Despite these top line challenges and incremental COVID-19-related manufacturing costs, price realization and productivity savings enabled us to maintain our peer-leading adjusted gross margin of 46.4% in the second quarter, relatively in line with prior year. Adjusted operating profit increased 4.4% in the second quarter, resulting in a 170-basis-point improvement to operating profit margin versus the prior year period. Incremental incentives, cleaning and PPE costs were more than offset by travel and meeting expense favorability, as well as marketing spend optimization to align with consumer demand changes in the quarter. In North America, organic, constant currency sales growth of 0.4% was driven by pricing and elevated at home consumption of our chocolate and baking items. This was partially offset by sales declines in foodservice, specialty retail and our refreshment brands due to COVID-19. Price realization contributed 4.2 points in the quarter, which was slightly ahead of expectations, due to incremental trade efficiencies realized from revenue management and selective programming choices related to COVID-19. We continue to expect second half price realization to be approximately 1.5 to 2 points, driven primarily by our July 2019 price increase. Food service, specialty retail and refreshment were each down approximately 40% during the second quarter. We continue to expect these businesses to be negatively impacted by COVID-19 during the balance of the year, but improve incrementally as the economy and consumer mobility continue to recover. In measured channels, retail takeaway for Hershey was 4.1% for the second quarter, driven by strength in demand for our take-home confection and baking businesses, and strong execution by our supply chain to ensure product was available and on-shelf. We did not see this fully flow through to net sales, as retailer inventory levels continued to be depleted to satisfy a portion of this demand. As a result, we expect these inventory levels to be replenished in the coming months, contributing approximately one to two points of growth in the second half the year. Adjusted gross margin for the North America segment expanded 20 basis points to 47.5% for the second quarter, driven by strong price realization, which more than offset a challenging 2019 lap of favorable mix and incremental COVID-19-related costs for incentives, cleaning and PPE. Mix was a slight headwind for the quarter, driven primarily by lapping the significant mix benefit from Q2 of 2019, versus COVID-19- driven mix shifts this year. As Michele mentioned, our instant consumable business has continued to grow, which has helped maintain our margin strength. As a result, we do not anticipate mix being a material driver of earnings in the second half. North America advertising and related consumer marketing spend decreased 10.8% in the second quarter, driven by media cost efficiencies and selective programming optimization related to COVID-19. Approximately half of our spend reduction was driven by favorable digital media costs in the marketplace, a portion of which we expect to sustain in the second half. The remaining declines were driven by reduced investment in brands negatively impacted by COVID-19 trends, including IceBreakers and select chocolate brands that are disproportionately sold in the convenience store class of trade. As consumer trends improved in May and June, we began reinvesting in these businesses. These actions are a testament to our capabilities and willingness to adapt quickly to changes in the marketplace. As we look to the balance of the year, we will continue to be mindful of the evolving operating environment, but plan to invest more in advertising and consumer marketing as sales trends improve. In our international and other segment, organic, constant currency sales declined 33.4% in the second quarter, driven by COVID-19-related softness in our owned Chocolate World retail locations, large declines in air travel and performance in key international markets. Combined constant currency net sales in Mexico, Brazil, India and China declined 31.8% versus the second quarter in 2019. As Michele mentioned, we expect our international business to be slower to recover and likely challenged for the balance of year because of both COVID-19-related restrictions and economic conditions impacting consumer participation in the chocolate category. Our owned retail businesses were closed for nearly the entire second quarter, though all have reopened on a limited basis with appropriate COVID-19-related precautions. While our stores have reopened, we do expect significantly decreased foot traffic during the second half of the year and, therefore, expect sales to remain below prior year levels. Given these declines to the top line, we have taken a disciplined look at our variable cost base and optimized where feasible, while still maintaining the appropriate level of brand investment. This resulted in savings in advertising and related consumer marketing, along with travel expenses of approximately $15 million. The segment reported a slightly negative operating income of $4 million for the second quarter. We continue to expect gradual recovery throughout the second half of the year, but do not expect the segment to return to the same level as last year. While this segment has borne the greatest impact from COVID-19, we remain committed to the right balance of investment and support to ensure acceleration post COVID-19. Shifting to items below operating profit, interest expense was $38 million for the second quarter, an increase of $4.3 million, versus the same period a year ago, due to higher debt balances from debt issuances in October 2019. Other expense of $11.2 million represented a decline of $1.9 million, due to the purchase of fewer tax credits and lower non-service-related pension expense. The adjusted tax rate in the second quarter increased by 4.6% to 19.4%. This increase was due to the lapping of a prior period benefit related to the release of valuation allowances in select international markets. At this time, we do not anticipate any material changes to the tax and other income/expense outlook that we shared with you in January.We do, however, expect interest expense to marginally increase over the prior year due to the bond issuance in October 2019 and May 2020. Despite any short-term challenges posed by COVID-19, we remain confident in our strong cash flow and healthy balance sheet to manage through the current crisis and beyond. At the end of the second quarter, we had approximately $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet, an increase of $800 million versus last year, and $614 million in operating cash flow. To further mitigate potential risk and to take advantage of favorable rates in the capital markets, we issued $1 billion of bonds in the second quarter with staggered maturities, while paying long-term debt of $350 million that came due in May. We continue to have a peer-leading capital structure, providing agility to adapt to the dynamic environment we are operating in. Given our strong free cash flow and liquidity, we remain committed to our long-term capital priorities, with a balanced approach to investing in the business and returning cash to our stockholders, all while managing through this volatile environment. First, let’s discuss our commitment to reinvestment. In the second quarter, total capital additions, including software, were approximately $87 million, bringing our-year-to date investment to $186 million. As discussed in April, our revised capital spending full year outlook of $400 million to $450 million reflects selectively pausing portions of our ERP transformation and supply chain capacity and capability initiative. Both ERP and our supply chain initiative, while re-phased, remain on track and are critical capabilities to deliver our long-term strategic initiatives. Now, shifting to returning cash to our stockholders, which remains a steadfast priority in our capital allocation strategy, earlier this morning, we announced our third quarter dividend, reflecting a 4% increase. While the Company did not repurchase any shares in the second quarter against the July 2018 $500 million authorization, we did repurchase $42 million of common stock in connection with replenishment of stock options. We remain confident that our balanced approach to business investment and returning cash to stockholders will continue to provide sustained stockholder returns now and in the future. As you saw in the press release, we are not providing new 2020 fiscal guidance at this time. While the Company’s performance improved over the course of the second quarter, the impact of recent spikes in coronavirus cases on consumer mobility, retail operations, governmental regulations and the macroeconomic environment remains unclear. With that being said, we do want to provide some visibility into our latest thinking for the balance of the year, which is based on our current understanding of the operating environment. In the North America segment, the Company expects accelerated sales growth in the second half of the year driven by elevated at-home consumption, price realization and the replenishment of retailer and distributor inventory levels. These gains are anticipated to offset improving, but still pressured, sales in the food service and specialty retail channels. The Company does not currently expect seasonal performance to have a material impact on second half financial results, though the impact of a resurgence of COVID-19 cases on consumer participation in seasonal activities remains uncertain. In the international and other segment, the Company expects demand to slowly rebound in the second half of the year, but remain below prior year levels as owned stores, travel retail and developing markets recover more slowly. Finally, as it relates to sales, during the second quarter, we completed the planned divestitures of our Krave, Dagoba and Scharffenberger brands. These divestitures are expected to have a relatively small 20-basis-point impact to sales in the second half and an immaterial impact to earnings per share. Solid price realization and strong cost management are anticipated to offset some of the incremental COVID-19 costs we are facing. COVID-19 costs are expected to be less in the second half of the year, mainly for increased plant sanitation and personal protective equipment for Manufacturing and Sales Teams. We anticipate that price realization will continue to drive gross margin gains, though to a lesser extent than the first half of the year, as we begin to lap the announcement of the 2019 price increase. Selling, general and administrative expenses should continue to show favorability in the back half of the year, behind lower travel and meeting expenses and favorable incentive compensation versus prior year. Finally, as it relates to brand investment, we intend to continue investing in North America and further optimize spend in the international and other segment in accordance with expected sales trends. While we have not issued new guidance today, we hope this additional perspective is helpful to understand our approach to managing through the crisis and our high level expectations for the next several months pending the continued evolution of the pandemic. We remain confident in our team, our plan and our agile operating model to deliver solid shareholder returns this year and in the future. Now, I will turn it back to Michele.
Michele Buck : Thanks, Steve. During a time of extraordinary changes and challenges this quarter, our teams responded with agility and executed well against factors within our control. We have balanced delivering today with making calculated investments that we believe will enable us to emerge even stronger after the pandemic. In times of risk and crisis, cultures are either strengthened or weakened. Hershey has come together and thrived as a team, committed to serving our consumers and our communities. Our purpose and commitment to operating sustainably and responsibly continues to move us forward. Last month, we released our 2019 sustainability report that highlights some of the great progress we have made in this space, as well as some of our key priorities for the future. I encourage you to go to our website and take a look. In addition to the sustainability report, you will also find information on some of our more recent actions and pledges. Let me take a minute to discuss two that are top of mind related to recent events. We have long supported our communities and given the unprecedented need many are facing right now, we have amplified these efforts. In addition to increasing our product and monetary donations, we have invested in our own mask production line to service our employees, their families and our communities. Second, for many years, we have pursued a vision of building a more diverse and inclusive company. We have been recognized for our progress, including being named the top food company for diversity by Diversity Inc. Recently, we initiated a company-wide dialogue to listen, learn and grow together. Through that dialogue, we have seen the very best of our Hershey culture, and a genuine desire to do more in the fight against systemic racism. We announced a set of initiatives to support Black and Brown communities and accelerate increasing Black and Brown representation and internal development at Hershey and amongst our key partners to promote social and economic progress. We believe these initiatives will help address the need for meaningful, long-term change in our society, and include evolving our approach to recruiting, talent development, training and reporting, as well as pledging monetary donations to organizations to actively fight systematic racism. To close, we believe Hershey is well positioned to adapt and succeed over the long term. We have scale brands in growing categories that consumers love and trust, we have a highly efficient, yet agile, supply chain that we are investing in for the future, we have advantaged capabilities in analytics, media, category management and sales, that we believe position us well to drive profitable growth in the future, and we have a team that is dedicated to our purpose of making more moments of goodness. We remain confident and committed to our long-term strategies and financial targets. With that, we conclude our prepared remarks this morning. Thank you for your time this morning. I invite you to listen to our live question-and-answer webcast, which will begin today at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time, and will be available at thehersheycompany.com. Thank you.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company Second Quarter 2020 Q&A Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today for The Hershey Company's second quarter 2020 earnings Q&A session. I hope everyone has had the chance to read our press release and look into our pre-recorded management presentation both of which are available on our website. In addition, we have posted the transcript of the pre-recorded remarks. At the conclusion of today's live Q&A session we will also post the transcript and audio replay of this call. Please note that during today's Q&A session we may make forward looking statements that are subject to various risk and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other factors. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release on the company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information does not intend to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Voskuil. With that I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Michele Buck: Hi Chris.
Operator: Mr. Growe your line is live. Perhaps you are muted.
Chris Growe: I was muted there. I am so sorry. Thank you. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Good morning. I hope you're all well. I just wanted to a question if I could, first of all, on -- as we're looking ahead to the second half of the year, you did call the seasons to be less of a -- not a material effect on the performance of the business over that time. I'm curious, and you did have some discussion on your call this morning about Halloween overall. Can you tell based on orders how Halloween is shaping up at this point in time and the degree to which they have could have an effect on Q3 sales? Then, you also talked last quarter about having some early seasonal sort of fall product coming out, how is that -- is that in the market already or going into the market sooner? How could that play into your overall seasonal sales in Q3?
Melissa Poole: Sure. So for Halloween, we do have orders from retailers. We start to get those orders way back in May. In fact, we try and finalize the orders that by the end of May and we have already shipped some product. The way the season unrolls, we continue to ship product from really June through early October. So we have pretty good visibility to those orders. Now, it's always possible that orders could change in the coming months, but that is not a very common occurrence. I'd also remind you as we listed in our comments about half of our products for Halloween is purchase for self-consumption. So that's really candy ball. It's a celebratory kind of treat for the family and then, that about 40% of it then falls into the back part of October, which are the trick-or-treat sales. So we feel good based on what we've seen. We've been partnering closely with our retailers. We feel good about many retailers wanting to kind of lean in. We also think that consumers will find creative and safe ways to trick-or-treat. It is an outdoor event, and it's an event where a lot of masks are already worn. There is no evidence of the virus being passed through packaging or food. So we feel pretty good based on what we're seeing so far from a consumer feedback, but if trick-or-treat tends to be a little lower than expectation, clearly, we will focus even more on to treat for me and the candy ball occasion. So you already know that we shifted some of our portfolio to more everyday packaging to protect the downside should Halloween sales be a little bit later to really manage that liability. So at this point in time, based on what we're seeing, we feel pretty good. From a holiday perspective, we do have an early read on the holiday. We have started producing product. At this time, we don't really see seasonal participation being significantly impacted, and a lot of that is due to the fact that many holiday occasions and consumption is actually at home. So we think that will be less likely to be disrupted, but obviously, we will continue to monitor that closely -- to work closely with our retailers as we have with Halloween.
Chris Growe: That's great. Thank you. And just one quick follow-up if I could, which is in relation to retailer inventory levels. As you ended the quarter, I just want to get a sense of where they were. Obviously, you did under-ship demand in the quarter. There is an expectation for an increase at the second half of the year. And I just want to kind of tie into that seasonal discussion. Is that a component of the expectation for higher inventories in the second half of the year? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes. So inventory was about 1.5 point to 2 point headwind on our first half growth, and there were really a couple of factors that drove that. Part of it is, as you recall last year, we had a build of inventory as retailers were perhaps anticipating a price increase. So the lap from that creates part of that. Secondly, we were depleting inventory as a result of consumer stock-ups and the acceleration that we saw in takeaway across our portfolio. So we've been working really hard and had very strong customer service levels versus the industry. But yet, we've still been continuing to replenish to kind of catch up with that accelerated demand. And then, the third factor that really falls into that equation is non-measured channel softness. We've talked to you about owned retail locations, world travel retail, the foodservice, some of those businesses that don't show up in measured happen to be the same ones where we have some of the greatest softness. So the -- so the Halloween piece is not really a factor in that inventory piece. It is much more around the everyday businesses on the non-measured channel.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from lion of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason English: Hey good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Jason English: Good morning. Congratulations to you and your organization for navigating everything so smoothly right now. But looking at the forward, I'm kind of curious of the pricing outlook. You guys mentioned that you expect pricing in North America to moderate to 1.5% to 2%, which I believe is pretty much singularly the effect of last year's price increases. Said differently, it's suggested you're not expecting some of this trade efficiency and benefits of lower promotions to sustain. If so, why not? Because it looks like the promotional environment for both you and your competitors remains pretty subdued in July, why would it come back so quickly?
Michele Buck: So first of all, as we look at the promotional pricing that you see as you look at some of the retail scanner data, we do not believe that data is correct. There is a lot less auditing going on during this time than previously. So the biggest issue we think there is we think simply the data is just not correct. We are continuing to see the kind of promotional activity that we had planned in the second quarter behind Smores, Twizzlers, our Reese's In and Out lever promotion. And going forward, we feel good about the promotional plans that we have in the back half of the year with our retail partners.
Steve Voskuil: So yes, I -- here we're going to -- we look at revenue management all the time. And so, driving trade efficiency is part of the base plan, but as Michele said, the outsized impact that we saw in the second quarter was really more data issue. We were out in stores, Smores were out; Twizzlers were out, so we had quite a bit of promotion.
Jason English: Interesting, I heard that. Thank you. That's good context. Sticking on the same theme of pricing book flashing forward, as you mentioned, you're on the brink of cycling last year's price increases. Pricing has been part of your growth algorithm in North America for the last couple of years. I don't think you've announced anything new and you are about to cycle these. As we think beyond this year, should we expect pricing to exit part of the -- you don't want to be part of the algorithm for the foreseeable future? And if not, why not?
Michele Buck: No. I mean, we remain committed to the pricing strategy that we've discussed with all of you before, and that's really behind smaller more frequent price increases. While we have price each of the last two years, that certainly doesn't mean within our strategy that we have plans to price every single year. We really take a strategic approach where we look at opportunities across the portfolio. Right now, all of our pricing initiatives remain on track, and we continue to think that we're going to see price realization in the second half. But as you know, we have several different levers that we rely on to drive the business. Pricing is one of those, but brand investment, key retailer initiatives, innovation, merchandising and new capabilities, that balanced portfolio levers to drive growth is something we really believe in, and we think that that's very important. So we take a lot of variables into consideration when we decide, what to price, when to price, how to price, and we will be consistent with the stated strategy going forward.
Jason English: Understood. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks for the question. I guess, two smaller ones. A follow-up to Jason's, my understanding is over the past couple of years, you had taken pricing on about two-thirds of the portfolio, which left another third. It's likely to be raised as well. I mean, has something changed since the start of the year with how you're looking at your list price increased plan? I guess, that's the key thing, has something changed? And then just a quick follow-up on Mexico, I was surprised to see Mexico down so much. Is -- do you put that in the category of countries where chocolate is just not part of the overall embedded culture of the country, because I thought Mexico had been pretty resilient in the past? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes. So relative to pricing, our plans were not impacted or changed for the year. It is correct that we have a third in portfolio that wasn't priced in those actions, but we did not change our plans throughout the year on pricing. So we just continue to look across and decide when and what and Halloween was the right time. Relative to Mexico, we certainly have seen big disruptions in that market. And I would say -- I wouldn't put it as much certainly -- there are certainly pockets of Mexico where there are economic issues, but the biggest factor in Mexico has really been the trade, the spread of the virus and then the shutdown of key elements of the trade specifically, the wholesaler network, distributor network where we have about 50% of our business. And so, it was really the trade shutdown that impacted our business in Mexico.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Can I sneak one more in? Your outlook is very robust for third quarter and -- based on the strong exit rate and the visibility at Halloween. Is your assumption that the other 40% like the element that's based on sell-through, is your assumption that, that part will be down year-over-year? Have you been appropriately conservative on that element in your outlook?
Michele Buck: I think that we have been appropriately conservative. I think we have partnered with our retailers. So we've utilized that visibility. We've taken into account what we think the category will be. And importantly, we've also taken into account what we believe our market share of the category will be based on recent performance and what's happening in the marketplace right now. So I think if we see pressures in Halloween, that's probably going to show up more toward Q4 than Q3 as it will be at that -- those end periods post the holiday relative to sell-through at that point in time.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question. 
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you very much. Even -- in 2Q, even with the weaker volume and elevated COVID costs that you incurred, the company was still able to expand operating margin by 170 basis points or so. So just as we think through the second half, some of those, I guess, COVID discrete costs begin to dissipate, volume starts to pick up based on some of the comments you made about exit rate and things of that nature. So perhaps investment spending, I guess, picks up as well. So I guess, as we think about margins in the second half, what would be maybe the key points to consider versus let's say, where Hershey came out in 2Q? In other words, where do you expect margins to be up similarly to what you saw in 2Q or what are some of the discrete factors that could change that one way or the other? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Steve you want to hit that one?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I'd be happy to take that. You're quite right. Q2 turned out to be more favorable from a margin standpoint than we expected going in. While we had incentives, some of those incentives were less than what we had expected for the quarter. Insurance costs that we had expected for the second quarter came out more favorably. We talked on the last call about productivity, and productivity being a risk for the quarter and in fact, the productivity goals in manufacturing were still achieved. Probably, the lingering piece, PPE and cleaning costs, that will continue. So we kind of take Q2 and look to the future, obviously the incentives based on everything we know today are about returning. Productivity, we expect to continue along with our full-year plan. PP&E is not a big cost in the quarter, so I think $3 million, $4 million a quarter as a benchmark. We will continue to drive SG&A savings both at the corporate level with travel and meetings, as well as at the division level. And then, as you said, we're going to spend a little bit more back from a DME standpoint. So while we had an opportunity in Q2 to optimize, probably optimize a little bit more than we had expected. We are going to invest back more behind the brands as we get to the back half of the year, so -- and a little bit less pricing benefit as well. We've had a lot of pricing benefit across the first half. As we lap now, that will also start to come off. So those are the big drivers. That's the reason, again not giving specific guidance, but expecting some margin acceleration in the back half.
Andrew Lazar: Very helpful there. And then, just one last one, Michele. The market share gains that Hershey has been seeing, right, have been pretty phenomenal and unprecedented in many ways and certainly, a big part of that has been the company's execution, right, particularly at the point of sale and in-store and leveraging the advantaged distribution model that you have. I know there has been some issues that competitors, let's say, around -- let's say, supply chain resiliency and things like that. So I'm just trying to get a sense, as you think through how market share can sometimes be pretty sticky, both when it's gained and when it's lost, how do you think about the share that Hershey has picked up? I would assume that at some point, as things normalize and competitors get back there, whatever supply chain resiliency, there'll be some additional pressure on that front, but I'm trying to get sense of how much do you think of share can kind of structurally remain or be sticky versus let's say, some that might be more transitory, if you get what I'm asking?
Michele Buck: Yes. Absolutely. I guess, I'd start by saying, even pre-COVID, we had very good momentum in both takeaway and market share starting last year. And we really attribute that to the balanced activation plan and great execution that we had even then, which was a good -- I think the right balance across advertising, distribution, pricing, seasons and innovation, kinds of that suite of levers that we have. Obviously, since COVID, as you mentioned, our team has really stepped up relative to execution keeping product on shelf, while there were some struggles among some other competitors in the marketplace. And certainly, we do know some competitors also begin to rationalize SKUs to simplify their portfolios. So we do believe that the recent share performance is likely to persist for several more months. And while we do think that huge game that we're seeing is likely to revert next year as we lap the strengths, we do believe that some of the gains will remain in the long term and sustain.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. I also wanted to follow up on Jason English's question really just to make sure I understood your response, because you did say in the prepared remarks, price realization contributed 4.2 points in the quarter, slightly ahead of expectations due to incremental trade efficiencies realized from revenue management and selective programming choices related to COVID-19. So sorry for reading all of that, but I did interpret this quote, especially the part about selective programming choices to mean that you did reduce your reliance on discounting in the second quarter. So I guess, given that you're not changing your guidance for the back half of the year, doesn't that imply that you're going from a period of less discounting to a period of sort of more normal discounting, or what am I missing there? I'm just still not sure I understand exactly sure what that quote means maybe.
Michele Buck: So we did pull back a little bit in the second quarter and that was primarily around refreshment given what was going on with refreshment being so incredibly soft and the functional demand just not being there as much for that product, especially given its presence in convenience stores and also a bit on grocery just because that part of the business was doing so incredibly well on its own. A little bit on Smores, we had really strong demand on Smores, but what I would say is, the trends are now stabilizing as the most severe declines on certain parts or most severe accelerations on parts of the portfolio in Q2. We saw the wildest swings and those tend to be stabilizing a bit now. So we are kind of going back to a more normalizing approach. It wasn't a huge pullback in Q2. It was very selective against those parts of the portfolio. Does that help?
Ken Goldman: Yes, I know that is -- that's clear. Thank you. And then, for my follow-up, some of your peers in the broader sort of food and beverage industry have talked about making some pretty meaningful reductions to their product portfolios in terms of SKUs. We haven't heard quite as much from Hershey on that. I'm just trying to, or I'm hoping to get an update from you in terms of how you think the breadth of your portfolio is right now in a post-COVID world and whether there are any plans, I guess, sort of major reductions or miners to some of the products that you might have.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we had already really embarked upon SKU rationalization program really over the past two, 2.5 years. So we had pretty aggressively taken a look across our portfolio and made a lot of those cuts. So at this point in time, we're feeling pretty good about where we are. I don't see a major program. Obviously, it's always an ongoing focus to optimize and to cut some of the small things, but the biggest steps we had already taken previously.
Steve Voskuil: And meanwhile, some of the new innovations that we brought to market that you have done quite well. So where we brought in new SKUs, whether it was Kit Kat Birthday or Take 5.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Nik Modi: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So just kind of two-parter on innovation. It's nice to see retailers picking on new products. We've been seeing that trend now. Obviously, people were a little doubtful of how much new product would actually get into retail, given the focus on A level SKUs, but Michele, I was wondering if you can just opine on. Has there been a philosophical difference at retail that you can discern in terms of what products they are actually taking on the shelf? And I'm really kind of get out our large companies like Hershey advantage from the situation in terms of new product given well-known brands, etc. And then on the second piece of that, just some of the work we've done looking at numerator data would suggest there's a heavy degree of interaction between the Hershey portfolio and the snack cake category. And I know you've dabbled in that area to some degree with Mrs. Freshley's, but can you just give us some thoughts on how you're thinking about that adjacency kind of opportunity a little bit more broadly?
Michele Buck: Yes. So starting with your first question, we definitely have seen retailers, especially during the COVID situation, dial up their focus on power SKUs, must-have SKUs, really because of the huge consumer demand and needing to make sure that they were in stock on the most important items and also just because of labor needs and all of that just a focus on what's really going to deliver the business. I think that's what -- why you're seeing. Many of the manufacturers also now started to really rethink their portfolios to do the same. So I would say, yes, I think the retail trade is saying, hey, right now, this is a time where we need to focus on those biggest most important items. So I think you're right about that. And then, I'm sorry, remind me again, your second question?
Nik Modi: Yes. No problem. Snack cake category.
Michele Buck: Snack cake. Yes. So we have seen some similarity, some crossover in terms of candy and snack cake consumption. They both have some similar traits in terms of really hitting the kind of the treat sweet tooth and filling certain needs for consumers that are similar. So I think we have seen some of that crossover certainly from consumers.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone. Just two quick ones for me. One, you gave some color in the press release about performance in June. So, just curious if July has continued to progress the same way. And then, the second question is more around distribution gains. I think you referenced in response to Andrew's question, the -- some of the issues that some of your competitors have had. So I guess, if they're reducing SKUs and maybe having trouble keeping some things in stock, have you actually gained shelf space or gained distribution in this time period? And if so, kind of, if you could give some color in terms of which channels, is it more convenience and gas, more in grocery? Just some more color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Michele Buck: So we haven't really seen any material changes in July versus our trends. So there are some geographic differences, just given the big differential across geographies as a result of COVID. So now, I would say we're feeling good about what we continue to see. And market share is pretty consistent though. In terms of our market share performance, I would say we're feeling pretty good in terms of continuation of that trend.
Bryan Spillane: And I think wherever we've had opportunity to take advantage of getting shelf space or a broader distribution it's crossed over all classes of trade. 
Michele Buck: Yes. And we certainly -- those are some of the benefits that I think you don't always see immediately because you have planogram timing, etc., to realize those benefits. So some of those benefits, I think, we started to see in June and that might be what's driving some of our continued trends -- positive trends in July.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. So you have seen some shelf space gains or some distribution gains.
Michele Buck: Yes.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of David Driscoll with DD Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Great. Good morning. I wanted to ask about a little bit on the seasonal candy and then, a specific question on Halloween with the related. So I know for the full year, roughly a third of the portfolio was seasonal candy. But in just the second half of the year, can you give us the breakdown between your seasonal sales in your everyday sales? What percent of the second half is actual seasonal?
Michele Buck: Well, Halloween, we've said previously, is about 10% of our full-year business. Certainly, seasons are higher in the second half than they are in the first half because Valentine's is our smallest holiday. So you really have Easter as a big one in the first half. We don't really want to get into some of the specifics by quarter. But I would say that the season's impact is definitely bigger in the second half than the first half.
David Driscoll: And then, I -- just to be clear, I think what you're saying is -- I think you said this in the release that you don't expect Halloween to have a material impact, so it sounds like it's flat. And if seasons are 40% or something like that of the second half and the seasonal numbers are expected to be roughly flattish and your everyday is running up 9%, I think that's what you also said in the release. And is that not a decent way to think about how to model North America in the second half?
Michele Buck: I think your math is generally correct. I can't argue with the math. The one thing I would say is you're speaking specifically to measured channels, and you need to remember the impact of non-measured channels, owned retail, foodservice, air travel, world travel retail, which is airline and the trends on those businesses as that does -- that has been as we've shared the biggest hit in our business. So while those channels are certainly not shut down like they were in Q2, they're in the recovery mode. And the recovery mode is definitely going to be a slow uptick.
David Driscoll: Okay. So that -- there is a little adjustment to maybe the everyday 9% that I quoted because of those unmeasured channels and then, seasonal is where the expectation is roughly flattish given what you know today. Obviously, there's plenty of caveats and what could change. So I think I'm understanding you. My follow-up question is just on your marketing and your overall expenses. So a tremendous job. I'll give you guys huge kudos on what you did in the second quarter to get your margins where they came out. I'm just curious that is there a learning here that you can actually run a significantly tighter expense budget on a go-forward basis? I'm guessing that the COVID made you do certain things that you normally wouldn't have done, and the results here are, market share gains are fantastic. When you think a year forward, two years forward, can some of these cost reductions be very sticky because it's proving that you didn't need to spend some of those monies in order to produce, I think, excellent results at retail?
Michele Buck: I mean, I think SG&A is clearly an area that we're expecting that how much we need to spend will change permanently over time. So I think that piece, yes. I think on the marketing expenses, it's a little bit different. Certainly, some of our pullbacks were as a result of certain businesses like refreshment that were down 40%. We just didn't think it made sense to be spending into that. Then, part of what we were able to do was to leverage the fact that a lot of advertisers dropped out of the marketplace and as a result, the costs of media were less than we had planned them to be. And so, we were able to have a nice outcome there. As advertisers come back into the marketplace, some of that pricing benefit is not going to be available anymore. So while there may be some ongoing efficiencies and we are always looking to tighten our data knowledge and have capabilities around media since we are big spenders to get more for our money, and we're always building capability to take it to the next level. There were some unique circumstances there as well.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I agree. Certainly on the pricing for some of the media exposure that came down, that was a big benefit. I think we did benefit from tools and investments we made around marketing efficiencies and driving ROI and optimizing. We haven't talked as much about some of those tools, tools both on trade efficiency, but also marketing spend efficiency. And those tools allowed us also to be more agile as things evolved quickly. And so, that part is something we'll look to leverage further in the future.
David Driscoll: I really appreciate it. Those are helpful comments. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Thanks. I just want to follow up on that Halloween comment. In your prepared remarks, you mentioned that the seasonal performance would not have a material impact to second half results. That's an interesting comment. I mean, we're not doing the official guidance here. If you would think that, that would be a big variable, it might be 20% of your second half revenue. So is there something that's giving you confidence there? I know that you wouldn't be making such a comment without perhaps orders in hand or some insights around the ability for you to some of that through, even if it doesn't happen to trick-or-treaters, and I have a follow-up.
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I think the confidence drivers are orders in hand. Some of the dynamics that exist around the fact that only half of that Halloween volume is trick-or-treat. The fact that the trick-or-treat behavior is outdoor. People do wear masks. So as we get closer, we're feeling good about that. Now obviously -- certainly, we didn't provide official guidance in the back half of the year. And there is uncertainty and volatility overall given the virus, but based on everything that we know and the visibility we have and with every day we get closer, we feel that we've taken an appropriate look at what we think can happen and have really factored that into our outlook as best possible. We've mitigated some of the downside risks with the everyday portfolio versus all the Halloween packaging. Steve, anything you would like --
Steve Voskuil: No. I agree. I think for the things we can see and certainly, the things we can control, we're optimistic, but part of the reason for not providing more specific guidance is, there are things we can't control and probably can't see. And for those reasons, there still is potential variability in the back half, but everything we can see gives us a plenty of confidence.
David Palmer: That's helpful. And with regard to COVID-related costs, you mentioned those were a gross margin headwind in the second quarter. Could you give some color as to how much that might have been? And how much of a gross margin headwind do you think it's going to be for the year? Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: In terms of just COVID related costs?
David Palmer: Yes. Just COVID related costs. Yes.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, probably on the order of – for the gross margin somewhere between $15 million and $20 million of COVID-related costs. Again, we had predicted it might be more than that. In fact, it came out less. As we go forward in the rest of the year, the biggest piece that will stick around is going to be that personal protective equipment, cleaning costs and so, if I take that $15 million to $20 million, think about maybe a third or a quarter becomes sticky to the back half.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thanks so much. I had a question on c-store traffic momentum there. We've obviously seen convenience store channel improve throughout the quarter overall. It seems like hopefully that momentum is sustainable as long as people are leaving their homes more and going to the channel, but also the channel is more relevant for using a lot of other companies in this space and usually. I would think there is a little bit more of a margin benefit just given the single-serve product that you're sold there that you saw there, but with remarks, you said that margin mix really didn't have much of a headwind. It doesn't sound like you're really speaking to that as a risk going forward, which is great. I'm just kind of curious where I'd be wrong and thinking that some of that single-serve product that usually have a better price per pound and potentially better margin impact, and why it didn't and why it might not?
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I think that's generally correct. We are seeing a rebound in convenience stores as people are out and about more. And I think also as some people are choosing not to travel via air, but do vacations that are more driving vacation, so I think that's helping as well. So yes, I think certainly instant consumable and that class of trade are helping the business. We're also seeing instant consumable strong and strength in other classes of trade as people have returned more now to grocery stores and trips and shopping. So the strength is not just in convenience stores. So that is helping our margin mix.
Rob Dickerson: So, it sounds like even though -- if I think about a movie theater, right, even though consumers might not be going to movie theaters and buying Hershey products there in a single-serve format as well as traffic of C-stores that maybe like you're seeing in grocery stores a bit, that is still trying to get their fix, right? So they might not be buying the big bag, but they're going to check out. It sounds like what you're saying is maybe some of your checkout momentum in traditional mass in grocery is doing better than maybe it had. I know if we go back to couple of years that at one point in time, that was a focus of yours. Is that fair?
Michele Buck: Yes. That is fair. It has definitely -- we're seeing growth on the instant consumable piece of the business and again, I think a lot of that due to more traffic in those channels.
Rob Dickerson: Right. And it just lastly just to keep it simple and summarize because you did say instant consumer is growing right. So --
Michele Buck: Yes.
Rob Dickerson: Because there is -- it has to be doing very well. It has to be doing very well for traditional mass in grocery at checkout, and that's more offsetting the pressure away from home in other channels.
Michele Buck: Yes.
Rob Dickerson: Got it. Thank you. I pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please receive your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi, there. So two questions for me. Could you maybe just talk a little bit about what's going on in the e-commerce channels? Other companies have talked about real surges are both in terms of click-and-collect and in at-home delivery. I'm wondering whether maybe the meltability of chocolate in this hot season means that the delivery option isn't quite available to you. I'm just curious about what's going on there. And then, my second question is more about your marketing mix strategy in the second half. We know that in the TV channels, the production isn't going to be as -- there's not going to be as much in new production in the fall and therefore, the effectiveness of marketing on TV may drop off. But also, I know that you've announced that you're pulling back on your Facebook spending in the second half as well. So I'm just wondering where that spend is going to go. Is it going to be into other digital channels or how are you thinking about the mix? Thank you, and I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, we have continued to see our category and our business perform really well in e-commerce and seen that growth accelerate. So in the second quarter, we saw a growth of 200% on our e-commerce business, and that was really driven by strengths, both in the click-and-collect kind of pickup and in delivery fulfillment models. So, we saw growth across the board there. You're right that we tend to have a little bit of a softer business during the hottest months in the summer, but we're continuing to see that pretty strong growth even throughout June. So I think just the trends are bolstering that. And that growth, importantly, we're seeing across every piece of the business is a seasoned take-home and instant consumables. So in the past, we've spoken about e-commerce being roughly 2% of our business, and we believe that this channel by end of year could approximate about 5% of our total company sales, so definitely seeing a lot of strength there. When it comes to marketing mix, certainly, we're seeing efficiencies that we're going to realize in the back half in that TV class of trade. So it continues to be a really viable for a place for us to put money, given the very high household penetration on our business, and the sheer number of eyeballs that you can reach on TV is very efficient. And as we look to digital and the pullback on Facebook, we see taking those funds that were in Facebook and redirecting them still back into other digital media venues. So that -- those dollars will stay in digital, but just on other platforms like YouTube, for example.
Alexia Howard: Great. Very helpful. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Great. Thanks, everybody. I guess, first internationally, I appreciate the category itself was under pressure in many of your key markets as you called out, but can you talk a bit about your market share trends in those markets and maybe a little color as to how you're thinking about relative prioritization of investments in those markets as hopefully they begin to improve in the months and quarters ahead? I guess, what I'm thinking through is should we expect to exit the crisis with similar levels of strategic emphasis and standing in those emerging markets versus the run rate going in, or is there a risk that you slip a bit behind as navigating the U.S. landscape takes precedent.
Michele Buck: Yes. So we are gaining market share across most of our international markets. So we feel great about that. The weakness that we're seeing is really driven either by the COVID-related shutdowns in most of the markets, government-restricted shutdowns and especially in a lot of those developing markets. And in some markets, the economic impact of that, that impacts the category, but we feel great that we're winning share across most of those markets. So I don't think that we will slip relative to our strategic emphasis. We are still committed to what we want to get achieved in those markets. We still believe in the long-term potential on those markets. So we are pulling back on a temporary basis just consistent with where the business is, but continuing our focus on all of our key initiatives to win long term in those markets.
Steve Powers: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess if I could just to clean up back on the forward pricing outlook, your core category is exceptionally rational in recent years. So, I guess just given your share gain success and I guess, also just the economic pressures that might build in the back half and into '21, how do you size up the tail risk that some of that price rationality might come under challenge or at least make incremental pricing tougher to come by and at least the near term? I guess, harking back to Jason English's question earlier.
Michele Buck: We consider a lot of factors as we're trying to decide how to think about how and when to price. So as it comes to recessionary times, over the past, we've seen that our category tends to have less of the highs and lows that some other categories have, because we are an affordable luxury, so at times, when people need to cut back on other categories. So I -- we will continue to just evaluate all the different factors for when, how, on what we will take pricing. But we aren't particularly concerned that we can't price in recessionary times. We have done that at the point in the past.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Michele, just in light of your general sense of optimism for Halloween, I guess, sticking with the brand investment plans, it sounds as though, there will be some shift of March Madness and Olympic spending into H2, but could you also talk a little bit about the in-store-merchandising activity? Are you expecting an uptick in retailer support for the season this year and I guess, increased display space for your portfolio broadly?
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, we are expecting based on our partnerships with retailers, very strong in-store support for Halloween with most of our retailers. We partner with every retailer, and each retailer has their own strategy in terms of how much they support the holiday. And so, I think in general, most of them are continuing to lean in to anticipate and drive to a very strong Halloween. And we believe that given our ability to execute during this time and some of the -- you've seen the results of that on the share in the marketplace, we certainly think that even our performance within the category for Halloween should be quite strong.
John Baumgartner: Okay. And then, just coming back to international and the sales weakness there, I would guess a presumed review of the cost structure. Given the success you had in right-sizing China, which was sort of a unique animal in its own right, to what extent is COVID stress sort of identifying new opportunities in other geographies where you can use this downturn to maybe further strengthen your global cost structure more sustainably?
Michele Buck: Steve, you want to talk about that?
Steve Voskuil: Our international team does a great job of looking to optimize their P&L and cost structure on an ongoing basis. And certainly, the new opportunity here is that business, I think, curtailed in some markets, has shown even further potential there, but I think to Michele's earlier point, the strategic priority of international hasn't changed. And so, we want to continue to appropriately invest behind those businesses to unlock the long-term growth that we believe is there. But to your point, certainly, we will never waste the crisis in terms of looking at every possible way to be efficient with P&L.
John Baumgartner: Great. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Good morning. 
Michael Lavery: Can you just talk about corporate costs a little bit? It looks like it's the lowest they've been at least about seven years, certainly declined sequentially. You called out the travel and meetings' savings. How much of that should we expect to continue as there are other savings there that might revert back in the second half we should watch out for? How do we think about looking ahead on how that line might unfold?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. The progress that we made in the second quarter, we said from the travel and meetings standpoint was actually better than we expected going into the quarter. And given everything we see today, business has not returned to whatever normal was. And so, we expect in the back half, we're going to see those savings continue. As I think about the second quarter, we saw probably $20 million, $15 million to $20 million of opportunity across all of those areas. And I would expect to see something like that, maybe a little bit less, but something like that in the back half as well. And beyond that, that was really the biggest driver from a corporate cost standpoint.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great, thanks. And just following up on Halloween again, can you give us a sense of what some of your options may be? I know you recognized, there is a little bit of uncertainty still on how the consumer sell-through goes. If that disappoints, do you just have to battle back? Can you buy some down? Does it depend on the magnitude of inventory that may be left? Can you just let us know what the options are, and how you might be preparing for any of those?
Michele Buck: Yes. So the first thing we're doing is trying to make sure that we ensure sell-through, which is something we always do, which is having the right merchandising, getting product on the floor as early as possible and leveraging media investment to remind consumers, excite consumers about the holiday. Then post-sell-through, there is always a markdown period that occurs based on how much product actually sells through, both in total as well as you have to get the mix right across each piece of the portfolio. And so, every year as we build our plans, we plan for that, and this year is no different. We planned for that. So we tried to mitigate our risk by -- as we look at the trick-or-treat portion of the portfolio pulling back on seasonal packaging, having more every day, so that's one -- another lever we used and then, really working through the markdown plan.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question this morning comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Zaslow: Hey good morning everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Ken Zaslow: I just have two questions. One is have you at all has changed your innovation plans for -- I don't mean for the next two months or three months, but for the longer term? There's been a lot of companies have said look, our 150th new innovation, we're not going to do any more. So, has there been a refinement of the innovation program for the next, call it, one to two years?
Michele Buck: So I would say we already did that. A few years back, we took a look at our innovation strategy and really streamlined and focused on sustainability, and that really did lead to not having that 150th new innovation, but really being very real about a focus on sustainability that would lead to the greatest profitability and top line for us. So, we're not really making any changes related to COVID, but I feel really good about the work that we did a couple of years ago, changing our innovation strategy to make sure that we really did have that focus. Across the balance levers, innovation is one of five or six levers, if not the lever.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then, when I think about the longer term and obviously, the COVID-19 is evolving for sure, but are there certain milestones, are there certain things that would have to happen for you to rethink -- it seems like, as of now -- let me start with this, as of now, it doesn't seem like you've been meeting structural changes to your business model, changed a little bit of investment here and there, but nothing that would be longer term. Are there anything that you would see in the COVID-19 implications that cause you to have to do something, and what would that thing be that you would have to do to change your business model, if that makes sense?
Michele Buck: Yes. So I guess, I would say there is nothing that I would say is a big fundamental shift to our business model. There are some changes. So for example, e-commerce, the acceleration in e-commerce is here to stay where consumers are in terms of household penetration of people buying online is where we thought it would be maybe five years from now. So to some degree, that is a shift because e-commerce is a little more than a channel. It's almost the business model as well. So fortunately, a few years back, we had invested to build capability in e-commerce, and I feel really good that we were set up to be able to take advantage of that, but we are taking some further steps internally to develop e-commerce to really now be one of our mainstream channels versus before it was kind of I'd say in the growth development phase. There are other consumer trends, things like cocooning and people staying at home, the importance of value on the short term, some of those trends that we are making some changes to adapt to, but we always change -- adapt to ever-changing consumer trend. So I wouldn't really call those out as business model changes. And then, certainly, there will be some changes in terms of how we work in terms of some people working more from home, the ability to have people working remotely, potentially a shift to suburban and rural settings, which actually can be a strength for us. But I would say, e-commerce is probably what I would put in the -- in one of the bigger shifts like that. Steve, is there anything you would...
Steve Voskuil: Yes. Just -- if I turn the question around, I would say COVID has also shown us places where we have strengths through this and having the agility in our supply chain, the retail execution capability, as Michele said, the digital investments, the agile investment approach, I think those are things that we've learned are even stronger in this kind of environment.
Ken Zaslow: What if, Steve, refreshment like everybody is working from home a little bit more, people don't need to have their meetings and so, your refreshment category may change dramatically or maybe the size of Halloween or the size of Easter may kind of contract. Are there thoughts on those two potential outcomes, or at this point, you would say not really something that we'd be worried about? And I'll leave it there, and I appreciate your time.
Michele Buck: I mean, first of all, based on seasons, I would say not something that I'd be worried about at this point in time, given the results that we saw on Easter, which was really in a peak period of people being told not to go to grocery stores, and we still had a pretty decent Easter. I mean obviously, we will all learn more as we go through every one of these, but at this point in time, I don't see a major business model shift needing to come from that. And I would say from a refreshment perspective, yes, people will be working from home, but people are also going to be going out and they're going to be out in about doing things, I think, more so. There could be some -- I'm going to say more shifts as there always are in portfolio relative to people baking more, people doing one thing or the other more, but not that I think -- I really think about as a massive business model shift.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I really appreciate it. Stay safe.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Ms. Poole for any final comments.
Michele Buck: All right. So it's Michele. I just want to thank you all for joining us this morning. As you know, this was a new format for us, and I hope that you found it helpful. Let me close with some very brief remarks. Over the years, our great brands, our advantaged margin structure and our consumer-centric strategies have enabled us to navigate volatile environments and consistently deliver strong stockholder returns. We take great pride in our passion to create new ideas, innovation and ways to connect consumers to continue to make moments of goodness in their lives. With our relentless focus on the consumer, an adaptive operating model and our remarkable team of people, we are confident that we can once again respond to the changes in the marketplace to deliver growth and unlock long-term value for our stockholders. Melissa, we'll be available after the call to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you very much. Stay safe and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations for The Hershey Company. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Thank you, Melisa. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for The Hershey Company's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call and webcast. We'll begin with remarks from Michele Buck, Chairman, President, and CEO; and Steve Voskuil, Senior Vice President and CFO, followed by a Q&A session. During the course of today's call, management will make forward-looking statements that are subject to various risk and uncertainties. These include expectations and assumptions regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.  Actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other factors. The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and uncertainties can be found in today's press release and company's SEC filings. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information does not intend to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release. It is now my pleasure to turn the discussion over to Michele.
Michele Buck: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I hope, first of all, that you and your loved ones are safe and healthy. We are all experiencing an unparalleled and rapidly evolving global pandemic. Our thoughts go out to those that have been impacted and we'd like to extend our sincere thank you to all of the heroes working to keep people safe during this difficult time. As you all know, food companies play an important role during this crisis, helping to ensure a steady food supply and supporting local economy. We recognized that Hershey is not only a food manufacturer, but also an important link in the broader food supply chain, particularly with farmers and other raw material suppliers that rely on us. I could not be more proud of The Hershey team and how they are responding to this situation, first and foremost, with the care and support they are showing for each other, their families, partners, and communities. But also with their relentless energy and passion to continue to safely operate with excellence. I'd like to extend a heartfelt thank you to all of them, especially to those in our manufacturing plants and those working at retail to make moments of goodness for our consumers during these difficult times. The situation continues to evolve so rapidly that it's difficult to predict the future with much certainty. While comparisons can certainly be drawn to weather related disruptions or natural disasters or recessions, the reality is that we have never seen so many factors at play at the same time on such a global scale. But we are committed to being transparent about what we are seeing in the marketplace and what we are doing to respond. We will continue to be forthcoming as we navigate this uncharted territory and we believe we will have more visibility in the coming months as the situation stabilizes. Let me start by saying pre-COVID-19, our business was on track versus our expectations, both in Q1 and our outlook for the full year. Now, let me share some details around what we are doing from an operations perspective, before I discuss what we are seeing in terms of consumer behavior. The health and safety of our Hershey team remains paramount in our decision-making and action. Food safety has always been at the center of our day-to-day operations, and that will continue. As the pandemic spreads, we are monitoring the changing environment daily and we are adapting as the situation evolves. We've put in place more stringent operating procedures and safety protocols to help ensure the well-being of our employees, their families, and everyone with whom they interact. We are doing our best to enable social distancing and other safety and cleaning protocols across all functions. And meet our commitments to support consistent community food supplies and the needs of our retail partners. As you would expect all of our corporate and commercial employees who are able to, are working remotely. A big thank you to our IT team who have done an outstanding job making the transition to virtual work as seamless as possible. And also to our HR team for the wealth of resources, they continue to provide our employees to effectively manage work remotely. Currently, all of our manufacturing plants remain open and we continue to operate our supply chain with limited disruption. As the situation began to unfold, we built inventory in both raw materials and finished goods to mitigate risks and to help us to continue meeting demand. This proactive approach coupled with our experienced and dedicated team has enabled us to consistently deliver strong customer service levels. Our first quarter case fill rate was over 98.5% with a 99% case fill rate in March. And despite incremental marketplace challenges in April, our case fill rates remain close to 98%. Utilizing flexible scheduling, the majority of our sales reps remain in stores, partnering with our retailers to provide much needed support. This continued in-store presence, combined with our strong customer service, has driven confectionery share gains of almost 300 basis points during the past month. Our manufacturing and retail employees have shown amazing dedication and resilience and we have implemented incentives to recognize these contributions for employees who can safely work to keep our operations running. We have closed our own retail locations, including our Chocolate World Store in Hershey, Pennsylvania; Times Square, New York; and Las Vegas from most of Q2. While sales in our retail locations are relatively small in proportion to our total business, we do expect several months of closures to have an effect. In addition to our retail stores, there are several other parts of our business that are seeing an outsized impact, including our food service business and our travel retail business, both of which are seeing channel decline of 75% to 80%. And we saw a meaningful category decline in China during a key seasonal gifting window in the first quarter. Combined, these businesses represent approximately 6% of our sales. Now, let me share a little bit about what we're seeing with the consumer as it relates to our core business in the U.S. Pre-COVID-19, our business was tracking in line with expectations with retail takeaway up a little over 2% and confectionery share gains of about 20 basis points. Easter, an NCAA March Madness were sold in and merchandised in store. Our key innovation was largely in markets, including Reese's Take 5 and KitKat Duo and many of our key customers began selling our new thins items before any retail disruption occurred. Similar to many other food manufacturers, we saw a benefit from consumer stock up in March, though to a lesser degree than meal-oriented categories. This was consistent with our expectations and what we typically see with weather-related pantry loading. Total Hershey retail sales growth accelerated to 10% in March. This growth was across all classes of trade, with particular strength in food, mass, and dollar channels. We were in a great position to support this increase foot traffic and demand as we had strong merchandising and ample inventory in stores as we geared up for Easter and our NCAA promotion. We delivered a solid Easter season despite the significant disruptions we saw in both the retail environment and in consumers' lives. Recall we did expect the season to decline versus last year, given Easter was a week earlier this year. Overall, our selling was in line with expectations. Retail takeaway got off to a strong start and sell-through was pacing ahead of expectations heading into the final week. We did, however; see large changes in the macro environment during that final week. This impacted consumer trips and overall category performance and sell-through. Throughout the season, including a difficult final week, our teams executed well. We delivered retail takeaway and sell-through ahead of competition. While our sell through came in slightly below expectations, we expect minimal impact to the P&L or to retail takeaway in the coming weeks. As a reminder, confectionery retail takeaway for the beginning of April is elevated due to the earlier Easter. We anticipate takeaway in the second half of April to be pressured as a result of this shift. Please keep this in mind when you're evaluating retail trends in the next few weeks, particularly as it relates to quantifying any COVID-19 related impacts. Now, let me spend a few minutes discussing some of the changes we are seeing on our everyday performance. As I mentioned, we experienced the lift in March due to consumer stock up. Our grocery and snacks businesses in particular saw increases in both household penetration and basket size. Hershey syrup, baking chips and cocoa all grew approximately 30% during March, and trends have remained strong as families are spending more time together at home baking. Our Skinny Pop and Pirate's Booty businesses grew approximately 20% and gain share. While March trends were strong, the situation has evolved rapidly in April. As a result, we've seen shifting consumer behavior. More regions have been acted shelter-in-place guidelines. Retailers have limited the number of consumers in stores as well as operating hours. And the medical community is recommending individuals wear masks in public and limit grocery store trips unless essential. A significant number of American households are not working and experiencing meaningful financial pressures. All of this has impacted traffic into stores, length of time in stores, and the amount of discretionary goods people are purchasing. While many consumers have shared, how our categories are helping them cope during this time and bond with their families. They’ve also shared how their shopping priorities have changed. Within salty snacks, DSP brands have begun to outperform due to stronger in-stock and merchandising levels. In addition, we've seen a shift to lower price per ounce offerings as many consumers experience financial constraints. As a result, Skinny Pop and Pirate's Booty have experienced share declines and softening performance over the past three to four weeks. For our confectionary business, we've seen declining sales in the convenience class of trade as trips have slowed. This represents approximately 15% of our North American sales. While we still have an opportunity to capture impulse purchases at checkout in other classes of trade, the significant changes we've seen in overall trips and basket size, over the past several weeks has limited the amount of flow back we've seen to other classes of trade. In addition, the government category has been significantly impacted by social distancing. These categories are much more functional than emotional and they've experienced declines of 40 to 50% over the past several weeks. One of these trends that I've just discussed have softened, growth in other areas of our portfolio remain strong. E-commerce growth has accelerated meaningfully, as many of you would expect and have likely observed yourselves, the number of consumers purchasing groceries online has increased significantly over the past several years. Our research indicates that 45% of consumers have used one or more online grocery options in the past four weeks, 23 points of them -- 23% of which use these services for the first time. We’ve seen similar trends for confection with household penetration also doubling over the past month. Consistent with these broader trends, our overall e-commerce growth rate has accelerated significantly with growth over 120% in March versus 60% in January and February. We are seeing growth across fulfillment models and across occasions, including in our Candy Dish offering, seasonal items and our single serve items. At one retailer 80% of the full year digital sales plan was achieved in the month of March alone. In the week leading up to Easter, 43% of Easter sales at this retailer were purchased online. And at another retailer, we were able to make more Easter items available online and shift inventory to maximize sell-through as consumer behaviors changed mid-season. As we've shared in the past, profitability in this key e-commerce segment is relatively in line with total company average margins and that continues to be the case as trends have recently evolved. We believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on these trends given the strong investment and enhanced capabilities we have implemented over the past several years. Our take-home confection business such as our bags of Kisses and miniatures are growing nicely. Baking chips, cocoa and syrup are also seeing elevated growth as families spend more time together in the kitchen. Throughout this pandemic, our proactive approach with our supply chain is paying dividends. Strong customer service has enabled us to partner with our retailers to consistently capture these consumer opportunities and maintain a strong presence in store. As I mentioned earlier, our case fill rate for the first quarter was very strong and has continued into April, despite the increasingly difficult operating environment. This tremendous work by our manufacturing and sales teams is evident in our recent market share performance. Hershey confectionery category share gains were up over two points in March and are up over three points to-date in April. Now, let me spend a few minutes discussing our international markets. As you all know, these markets represent a smaller percentage of our overall sales, but they're an important growth driver for our business. Whilst, specifics vary by country, we've consistently seen more COVID-19 related pressure in these markets than in the United States. This is driven by several factors, including more restrictions on manufacturing and retail in some countries, as well as less discretionary income, which impacts consumer’s ability to afford non-essential goods like chocolate. Parts of our business continue to perform well, including non-confectionery products like syrup, spreads, and milk. And we're winning confectionery share in the modern trade and e-commerce channel. However, some of our 2020 growth initiatives that focused on increasing geographic and traditional trade distribution have been delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe there's still tremendous long-term opportunity for us in our international markets, and we're maintaining an appropriate level of investment to capture these opportunities once the situation stabilized. In both our U.S. and international markets, we are actively reevaluating priorities and resourcing to adjust as the situation evolves. Like many companies, we are partnering with our retailers to make sure we have the right level of promotional support during these unique times. Our best-in-class retail sales force is a tremendous asset to help continue executing important promotional programs such as Seasons, S'mores, and Reese's Lovers. We are evaluating our media plan and adjusting both levels of support, messaging and channel when appropriate. For example, we've adjusted our S'mores copy to emphasize family consumption at home versus larger community and friend gatherings. We have taken savings from events like NCAA March Madness and Olympics and reallocated some to digital and our Reese's Lover promotion this summer, while leveraging some of that to cover incremental COVID-19 manufacturing and selling costs. We are proactively planning for Halloween and partnering with our retailers to be prepared for a strong recovery, while also making smart choices to mitigate risk if consumer behavior remains impacted. This includes optimizing our portfolio and price point mix and activation timing, as well as amplifying our e-commerce plan. Our ability to quickly pivot and adapt to the changes, along with our strong balance sheet and cash flow gives us confidence in our ability to manage through these disruptions and emerge stronger. While we are highly focused on managing the pandemic, we are also continuing to advance strategic imperatives that will be critical levers for us to drive the business going forward. We are however, taking a prudent approach and moderating the pace of some of these work streams, so that teams can adequately focus on the situation at hand. Specifically, we've chosen to selectively pause aspects of our ERP project, until all of our functional experts are able to focus on the critical design phase. We will continue to advance the finance and data work stream efforts of our ERP project, while we delay supply chain and order to cash efforts. We expect this to delay our overall implementation by about one year. Given the current demands on our supply chain team, as well as a desire for cash flow flexibility, we've also altered the pacing on our recently announced supply chain project. We do not expect any of these delays to have a material impact on our future growth ambitions, including those we have planned for 2021. Now, before I turn it over to Steve to share details on our Q1 performance, I wanted to take a minute to update you on some strategic choices we are making unrelated to the COVID-19 pandemic. In order to better prioritize resources against assets that, fit our business model and scale capabilities, we are working to divest our crates, shorts in burger and to global brands. We will share more information regarding these divestitures in the future. It's important to note that our learnings from recent acquisitions have underscored the importance of assets scale and margin profile. We are obsessed with scale assets closer to $100 million, with high margins that enable brand investment to drive growth. These are great brands that continue to resonate with consumers, but they require a different go to market model that we believe is better supported by other owners. These actions will enable us to prioritize our recently acquired scale assets, within salty snacks and nutrition bars. Now, let me turn it over to Steve.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you, Michele, and good morning, everyone. I hope you, your families and colleagues are safe and well. I plan to start with highlights from our first quarter results, including the impact from COVID-19 and then pivot to expectations for financial performance moving forward in light of the evolving pandemic. During the first quarter, recorded net sales increased 1% versus the same period last year, with organic constant currency sales growth of 0.5%. This was in line with expectations with only a modest impact from COVID-19. North America organic constant currency sales growth of 1.2% versus prior year was driven by net price realization as expected, a shorter Easter offset solid everyday sales grow by approximately one point in Q1. We did see a larger increase in consumer demand from stock up trips at the end of the quarter with total Hershey U.S. retail takeaway, up over 10% in March. However, this did not materially contribute to net sales growth in the quarter as retailer inventory was depleted to satisfy much of this demand. As we look to the balance of the year, we did not expect COVID-19 to permanently change our base inventory level assumptions. Though, we expect continued volatility and trends over the coming months due to the virus disruptions. The International and other segments reported in organic constant currency sales decline of 5.8% versus the prior year quarter. This was largely attributable to COVID-19 related softness, particularly in China, also included in this segment are, our own retail location, and our travel retail business that Michele mentioned earlier. While these businesses so minimal COVID-19 impact during Q1, we expect a more significant impact in the second quarter, given the shelter in place restrictions that were implemented in late March and early April. Now, turning to profitability for the quarter, our lever for gross margin expansion continue to be effective, with a 90 basis point improvement in the first quarter, increasing adjusted gross margin to 46.6%. Net price realization drove the majority of these gains and in addition to some benefits from productivity, as we proactively built inventory to mitigate risks related to COVID-19, recall, we expect Q1 to be our strongest pricing quarter of the year as we benefited from both the final phase of our July 2018 price increase and the implementation of our July 2019 price increase. Pricing in Q1 was in line with expectation and remains on track for the year. These gross margin games enabled strong investment in our brands and capabilities, selling, marketing and administrative expense increased 4.8% versus prior year, driven by planned elevated advertising level and investments in strategic growth capabilities. Operating expense for capabilities, including our ERP and supply chain program, or slightly ahead of expectations for the quarter due to timing, however, remain on track for the year. Recall, we also increased our incentive program for key levels in our organization in Q4 of 2019. For the full year, there's minimal impact from these changes versus 2019. However, due to the timing of the decision last year, the related incentive expense will be unfavorable in Q1, Q2 and Q3 and favorable in Q4. Adjusted operating profit increased by point 2% in the first quarter versus the prior period, and adjusted operating profit margin came in at 23.1%, reflecting a 20 basis point declines versus the same period last year. Gross margin gains were more than offset by operating expense timing. Adjusted earnings per share diluted were $1.63 for the quarter, an increase of 2.5% versus the same period last year. Continued growth margin strength and favorable tax enabled additional business investment and offset the Easter sales headwind and the International COVID-19 pressures to deliver solid overall earnings growth. Note the favorable tax in Q1 was driven by the tightening of tax credit. And we did not expect material changes to the full year tax outlook we provided in January. Given our strong cash flow and balance sheet, we are confident we will be able to manage through the current crisis, including maintaining strong liquidity. We believe we have adequate liquidity to meet our operating, investing and financing needs through operating cash flow, further supported by access to bank lines and commercial paper. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $1.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet with $261 million in operating cash flow from the first quarter. We will continue to evaluate the situation moving forward and plan to prioritize cash utilization to meet our liquidity needs. Our strong free cash flow and healthy balance sheet continue to remain a core strength and competitive advantage in these uncertain times. Recall in January, we announced two significant investments for 2020 and 2021, including the ERP transformation and the supply chain capacity and capability initiative. We plan to continue to move these projects forward, as both investments are strategically important for long-term growth. That said, as Michele mentioned, we did pause certain aspects of these projects, and reprioritize other capital projects to enable our teams to focus on the current crisis. This is anticipated to be late our ERP implementation by approximately one year. As a result, we now expect capital spending in 2020 to be approximately $400 million to $450 million, rather than the $500 million we communicated in January. In addition to investing for growth, returning cash to our shareholders remains a key priority now and over our 126 year history. This morning, we announced the second quarter dividend, which is our 362nd consecutive quarterly dividend on the common stock. Additionally, the company repurchased $150 million of common stock in the first quarter under the $500 million authorization approved by the Board in July 2018 $260 million remain available for repurchases under this program. We also repurchased $19 million of common stock in connection with the exercise of stock options. We remain confident that our capital stewardship and allocation priorities will allow for continued strong and sustainable shareholder return. Let's move now to a discussion of our financial outlook and expectations for the balance of the year. Due to the rapidly evolving situation and the high degree of uncertainty, we do not believe we are able to estimate the full year financial impact with reasonable accuracy, and therefore, believe it is prudent to withdraw our fiscal 2020 full year guidance at this time. As we navigate this dynamic situation, we understand transparency is more important now than ever before. The uncertainty around a few key variables and the subsequent impact these could have to our outlook influenced our decision to withdraw guidance. These variables include the length and severity of the pandemic, the shape and timeline for recovery; the associated impact on retail restrictions both in the U.S. and internationally; the changing consumer behavior from shelter at home restrictions, including potential impacts to participation in key season; and the ability of our supply chain to execute and meet customer and consumer needs. Each of these variables could have significant implications to our growth and profitability. Michele shared with you the trends that are impacting the retail environment and consumer behavior. Some of these sales risks and opportunities also have impacts on profitability, namely risks related to our high margin, instant consumable products, particularly in the convenience class of trade, and our refreshment brands could dilute profitability. The announced compensation program for the manufacturing team along with increased plant sanitation and personal protective equipment, will add approximately $25 million to $30 million of incremental costs. However, we are seeing some efficiencies in the plant from running our largest, most efficient SKUs, which is helping to partially offset some of these expenses. Let me now spend a minute on our supply chain productivity initiatives. We had a strong start to productivity in Q1 with over $20 million of savings. However, to enable our teams to focus on COVID-19 priorities, we have deprioritized some planned productivity initiatives worth approximately five to $10 million in Q2. We remain confident in our ability to deliver against our long-term productivity goals. While commodity prices for some of our key ingredients have recently declined, given our hedging program, we expect minimal benefits to 2020. These declines do, however, improve the profile for 2021 versus our outlook in January. Operating expenses are expected to increase approximately $10 million to $15 million as a result of a new incentive program for sales representatives and increased sanitation and personal protective equipment. We anticipate savings related to travel and entertainment, given travel restrictions and social distancing practices to at least partly mitigate these impacts. While we feel there is too much uncertainty at this point to provide a reasonable estimate of the full year financial impact related to COVID-19, we want to provide reassurance that we are being both proactive and agile in managing our performance as the pandemic unfolds. We build inventory in the first quarter to anticipate demand and limit disruptions. We've taken a hard look at capital spending and reprioritize to ensure adequate resources to address both COVID-19 related projects and those critical for strategic growth. We are dynamically adjusting our trade and advertising plan. We are actively monitoring the commodity and financial markets for long-term opportunities. All of these decisions are being made with the priority of ensuring the safety of our employees and communities, while being fully prepared for the recovery. Michele and I could not be prouder of our team for bringing their best every day. This forward leaning, agile mindset, and high performance culture will help us persevere through this crisis and seize opportunities in the recovery. We are confident the uncertainty we face is temporary and then our decisions and adaptive operating model will help us forge relationships with customers and consumers, allowing for sustained long-term growth. Now, let me turn it back to Michele for some closing remarks.
Michele Buck: Thanks Steve. As we look ahead, we expect the environment to remain volatile as the COVID-19 pandemic and consumers financial security both evolve. But we remain confident in the strength and resiliency of our category and brands over the long-term, and our remarkable leaders and employees who are executing against our strategies, reacting to current changes, and capitalizing on the opportunities that this change presents. The Hershey Company has more than 125 years of experience managing through tough, fast moving, and unprecedented moments in time; two World Wars, economic depressions and recessions, and other momentous events. Each time we plan, we took action, and we learned and adapted. And we kept our focus on making the best decisions for our employees, our partners, our stockholders, our communities, and the consumers that we serve. This moment in time is no different. It calls for us to be our best working together with compassion and understanding to do what's best for our global society. And we believe that this resilience will only make us stronger in the days and the years ahead. Steve, Melissa, and I are now available to take any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody, and hope everyone is doing well. And thanks for a lot of granularity in the prepared remarks.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. I want to start with -- obviously, things are still incredibly fluid and they will remain so for quite some time. And none of us know exactly how or if, you know, ultimately, consumers will alter the way they sort of -- alter the way they celebrate key seasons and things. But you mentioned Michele, a couple of them a couple of actions to sort of mitigate risk or making some smart choices around being able to pivot quickly if there are changes. Adding three of the things you mentioned, were optimizing the portfolio, potentially some changes to net price realization, and activation timing. I was wondering if you could just maybe comment just briefly on each of those. Just want to make sure I have a sense of what are some of the levers you could pull if there are some changes in the way we all think about and celebrate key holidays.
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So, relative to Halloween, I know that you were asking about -- and there was actually a fourth lever of e commerce. So, let me talk about each of those. So, first of all, we are looking at the portfolio because we have seasonally dressed items for Halloween. We also have in the season, everyday assortment bags that play a key role. So, one area we're looking at is how do we mitigate potential risk of not knowing what consumer behavior will be by really optimizing what's the right balance of seasonal and everyday type items? We're evaluating the price points relative to understanding that some consumers may be financially strapped. How do we look at some of those higher price points and make sure that we have enough entry level price points and that the balance of the portfolio across price points, accounts for the fact that there will be some consumers going through financial pressures. Activation timing is really trying to keep our pulse on -- we know that we can impact these seasons based on when we set the season, we know that consumers will buy a season to bring the product in their house and there's some celebration in the house before the community events of Trick or Treat. And so leaning in a little bit earlier on some of the timing is a very reasonable option that we're discussing with our retail partners to be able to capture more celebration outside of just the Trick or Treat occasion. And then lastly, we are seeing e-commerce really dial up in Easter we saw that and so we are increasing our investments and activity to really have a great presence in Halloween, the right portfolio, bundled solutions across the needs for Halloween. So, those are really the key actions there.
Andrew Lazar: That's very helpful. And then just follow-up, I think you mentioned the number of 6% of sales was for food service, some of the retail locations, and I wasn't clear, does that include also China or was China separate from that number?
Michele Buck: Yes. No, that includes China and also our world travel retail business, which of those stores that -- product we sell in duty-free stores in airport.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thanks so much. Hope everyone stays well.
Michele Buck: Thank you. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you for the question. I appreciate it. I guess -- there is a lot to cover here. Let me ask about 2Q. Is your visibility better for 2Q than it is for the rest of the year? And can you give us -- maybe Steve, some of the puts and takes here. The gross margin benefit you've got in the first quarter, does that come out of 2Q. And then secondly, the retail sales growth as measured by Nielsen was really high, much higher than your shipments. And is there any timing impact with respect to 2Q like will that come back at all or is that just Easter being a week earlier. Thanks.
Michele Buck: Hey, Rob, let me start by addressing some of that. So, first of all, I would say we do have greater visibility to Q2 because we're already halfway into the quarter. So we do have stronger visibility there. As you may recall, we had planned for a difficult Q2 prior to COVID as a result of some of our year-on-year lapse. And then our decision to close our retail locations for most of the second quarter, that's a known that's within our control. Certainly the impacts that we're seeing with restaurants closed in the second quarter that's a known that we can see the known impact on food service, the reduction in flights, we can see that that's a known relative to travel retail and then we also had some elements of cost that are knowns which include manufacturing and retail incentives, one-time costs on PPE and safety protocols. So, we do have a lot of visibility around those things. Relative to the kind of the gap or the disconnect in Q1 between retail and shipment, let me address that and then I'm going to let Steve make some other comments about Q2. If you look at Q1, you can really break up that differential with about half the differential with retail being ahead of shipments was driven by Easter. As you know, we always have Easter in Q1, but the amount of Easter that gets consumed in Q1 is all dependent on the timing of the Easter holiday. This year, Easter was a bit earlier than last year and therefore, much more of the season was actually consumed, taken away in Q1 versus last year. The other half of the differential in the retail sales to shipments, part of it is innovation. We shipped Take 5 and Kit Kat Duos in December to set up for strong merchandising in Q1. So, you got shipments in December, you got the takeaway in Q1, and then the other component is some inventory.
Steve Voskuil: Yes and I want to add, of a good complete answer. We have good visibility into the costs I think for Q2 and Michele went through most of the things like the incentives and the sanitation are well known and we talked about those in the prepared remarks. The productivity piece, the 20 that we saved in Q1 doesn't come or doesn't go away in Q2, but we would have expected to add to that, and you need to grow and that's the piece that won't happen that we had in the plan. And then maybe the third piece that we touched on a little bit sort of implied as we talked about the top line as there is probably going to be some negative mix impact coming through, again, thinking about refreshment in convenience store impacts in the total mix. And that's probably a $5 million to $10 million gross profit impact for the year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. I do have a follow-up. You mentioned your in-store execution and your sales incentives as a way to maybe mitigate some of the category declines and take share. But are some of your retail partners, limiting the amount of people that will allow in the stores, just for social distancing reasons and does that impact your execution at all?
Michele Buck: So, some of course are, but as we've worked out with our retail sales reps and partnered closely with retailers, even before that we had worked with them with a lot of our partners to have our team go in during off hours to try and bring our product and set displays when they're either work consumers in the store or at the very lowest periods of time. So, I would say, well, there is some impact. I would say, largely we've partnered really closely with retailers to work around that, both in terms of the safety and social distancing of our employees as well as helping the retailers to kind of protect and manage the number of people in their store. But largely, they've been really supportive and appreciative of the extra help which they desperately need obviously as consumers are purchasing a lot.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with DD Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Michele Buck: Hey David. Good to hear from you.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
David Driscoll: What a pleasure, thank you. Good to be here. So, let me follow-up on Rob's, because I -- while I think you guys gave a good list of things in 2Q. Maybe there is some numbers that you gave that I feel like were annual like the PPE expense, the personal protective equipment and then something specific to the second quarter. So, I'm just a little confused on what expenses were allocating to the second quarter that you know of right now versus the sales side. And then can I can I just follow-up on this. I mean you've said it I think twice now, but I still think I'm not clear, it sounds like there are some -- there is at least one positive with how the retailer inventories ended at the end of the first quarter. And I think you said in the script that you haven't made any changes to your retailer inventory assumptions. So, that sounds like there is going to be a recovery of those retailer inventories in 2Q, which would be favorable to sales. So, again if you -- I apologize here, I do appreciate you've said this, but are you saying that Q2 sales are maybe a little bit better than expected versus where you previously had it, but on the expense side, that's significantly more negative because of the PPE costs, the incentive costs. And then there is I think a couple of other items that you wanted to call out right there in 2Q that we're hitting it the mix. Sorry. Appreciate it. The mix to what's going on in the business? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes, David. The large majority of the cost increases really do hit in Q2. If you think about the biggest pieces of that the manufacturing and retail incentives, one-time costs around PP&E, the pull back on productivity was around Q2, there is some mix impact with the pressure around refreshment and C-store. And so if you look at that, by far the biggest impact is in Q2. Some of the PP&E and safety will continue throughout the year. And then there are some potential offsets, less travel that will have the benefit of throughout the year. We continue to kind of look at trade in DME optimization. There could be commodities, but not a large number. And as it relates to the inventory, I think, my gut would be that at some point we get a little bit of that back, but we don't know for sure and we definitely don't know that it will be in Q2. In fact, if I was just looking at what's going on in the world right now and at retail, my gut would be that likely wouldn't be in Q2, but instead, would be some point later in the year.
David Driscoll: All right. That color is really helpful. Just one follow-up from me. I don't think you said how your China business was performing in April. Is there any insight we can gain right there? Are you seeing any sign of recovery? I mean a nearly 50% decline in that business in Q1 is really large. So, is there any color you can give us on how 2Q might shape up for Hershey China?
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean it's better than we anticipated. It's better than we saw in February, but it's clearly in a ramp-up recovery. So, it's not close to back to normal yet. But we are watching that on to leverage any insights and I think the biggest insight there is just the move from offline to online is very real, it's continued and just like we think it will here in the U.S.
David Driscoll: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Good morning. Thank you. My first question is, is there anything you can do to protect yourself right now, whether it's buying product ahead of time or potentially considering diversifying your geographic sourcing. Because there is obviously Western Africa has not been hit very hard by COVID yet. There have been some suggestions that maybe it will get hit harder later in this year. What are your concerns about that? Just given how much cocoa you source from one region and, again, what can you do to maybe mitigate some of those concerns, potentially?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, right now our supply chain team has done a fantastic job and so aside from cocoa some of our more specialty small ingredients even certainly in the first quarter as COVID starting to get traction they bought some of those ahead to get ahead of it. Right now, I think we feel pretty strong about our cocoa supply, I can tell you our procurement team is very deep into that market on a good day, and they are even deeper here in looking at alternative suppliers and so. So, far harvest looks strong and we don't see anything in the medium term, that causes a lot of concern on cocoa supply.
Michele Buck: Yes, what we need for the year, like those quantities are already here. So, they're out of that region. So, as we look at this year, we're in good shape and that gives us time and we're working closely with those governments as well. Obviously, this is important crop for that geography and we're working closely with them to make sure that they are set up to handle it.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then one quick follow-up. Thank you for the color on what's in the 6% number in terms of branded stores and World Travel locations and so forth. One question that I was asked, I wasn't sure how to answer was, how big our movie theaters, sporting events, things that maybe are not captured in Nielsen, first of all, is that in that 6% number as well and second, can you give us any kind of any kind of rough size for what you would think those types of channels might be. I know I'm being vague with the question there.
Michele Buck: No, that's okay. Some of that falls into our broader specialty business and that might be another 2% to 3% of sales again some impact.
Ken Goldman: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi. So, again focusing on the trends that you're seeing in Q2 now that the doctor settled on the panic-buying phase. Could you give us by channel, how things are looking. So for example, how big are you overall in e-commerce and how quickly is that growing right now and it's not different from the past. The C-store channel I think you mentioned that was about 15% of sale how soft is that right now? And we assume that the food service in China that 6% of the business as well down at the moment. And then also taking a look at it by product type, if you think about import versus seasonal versus every day, how fast are each of those growing or shrinking if I imagine some of the maybe relative to what you would normally expect? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Okay. Let me do my best on that one to try a great set out. So, C-store is about 15% of our sales. It's declining about 10%. E-commerce is about 2% of our sales and we're seeing the growth rate double there. Now, of course, that's just what we've seen recently. So, all of these are the recent trends. So, of course, I can't predict exactly how that will play forward. Walmart and mass channels and dollar stores, grocery have had pretty good trends as people are really shopping there. They are frequenting those places and also all of those places tend to have or many of them and e-commerce leg that's being leveraged. I'd tell you the other place we are seeing some softness is around drug. So, drug and C-store are the two channels that I think we've seen the biggest softness, plus there were initial huge stock-ups of the initial stock up behavior with huge at clubs, that's moderated a bit. Melissa might have to come back and give you maybe more of the details around the specifics on each piece of trade. But I would say C-store is 15% and drug in that probably 8% range of our total business, and those are the places that are most pressured and then, of course, the rest kind of fall in the middle. If we look at take impulse, take-home and seasonal clearly the softness on impulse is a little bit less than you see in terms of the 10% decline in C-store, because we do still have business coming through, food, drug and mass, so less than that 10%. Take-home obviously driving our growth and seasons we had a really good Easter. So, at this point, what we're gearing up to do is to -- we met our expectations, our sell-in, our net sales shipments, we fell just short on takeaway. So, seasons, I call kind of a wash and then take-home is where we're seeing the strength. But Melissa can give you more details I think offline on that.
Alexia Howard: Perfect. And then a super quick follow-up. I think you said that Easter was down as expected, because of the shorter season, but it was also a bit weaker than expected, presumably because of the pandemic. Is that the way that we should be thinking about it?
Michele Buck: The sell-in was on expectation. The sell-through was -- yes, was a little bit weaker than we anticipated. Really strong sell-through up until the final week. The final week of Easter happened at the same week that the government started to recommend the consumer is not going to grocery stores, unless it was essential and many of the big retailers started limiting the number of consumers they would allow in their store at one time. And we saw a direct impact on that, on that last week of Easter. But basically that will not cause that softness in the sell-through in the last week really shouldn't impact the P&L.
Alexia Howard: Okay. Thank you so very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good morning everyone.
Michele Buck: Hi Bryan.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So, I had a question just on -- just one question around the end of line manufacturing flexibility you have with packaging. And I guess my question is around, if we're looking going forward at a scenario where it's more e-commerce, which is, it's sort of a different type -- it requires a different type of packaging, maybe more grocery and mass more at home less convenience and gas. And then also maybe needing packaging flexibility to address affordability, maybe different pack sizes or different types. Do you feel like with the investments you've made in recent years that you have the flexibility to sort of make those shifts and be able to kind of service if that's where the business SKUs over the next six to nine months?
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say, largely, we have flexibility in our manufacturing. I mean we already have a portfolio of products that we're meeting e-commerce demand and that demand has been across every pack type whether it's candy dish, whether it is instant consumables, et cetera, we already have a multitude of pack sizes that we've always done. This is a category that that lives on many different pack types for many different occasions. And then certainly as we're doing some of our supply chain work going forward, one of our goals is to put an even more automation to hopefully improve margins as we do that, but we are well set up to be able to adapt to different packs and sizes right now.
Bryan Spillane: And if I could just one follow-up to that is, we've seen in other categories where retailers are kind of narrowing SKUs, want to be in stock, with the highest-velocity SKUs. Have you seen any of that yet in your categories?
Michele Buck: Yes, we are. And we think we're well positioned there. As you know, we had just gone through a big SKU rationalization program to get rid of some of the smaller SKUs and on the normal course of business, as we grow our business, we have all of our SKUs categorized with the very highest movers, there is a must haves, must be protected at all cost and then we kind of go through our portfolio. So, we've always managed our business in that way. So, we've been well set up to serve in that priority environment.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thanks Michele.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning. Thank you for sliding me in. I guess I'll pick up on one thread from Mr. Spillane in terms of e-com. As we think about maybe what could be different in 2021 assuming all these issues come to pass. The amount of sales going to e-com sounds like it could be the one durable change. So, quick question, just to get a little more context around it. And I guess what really my angle here is to understand the impact on your impulse oriented sales. I think historically you've said about a 30 year portfolio is impulse and you're saying today 15% of that's going through C-store. How much of that is going through food, drug, and mass?
Michele Buck: I mean the other -- that would be the other 15%, basically the other between the difference between 33% and 15%, I would say, largely. Let me just think about--
Jason English: And there is a little bit of lending in there too I think.
Michele Buck: Yes, that's what I was trying to think how much would be in those specialty channels spending would be the biggest piece of that. We have some in Club as well in terms of reseller packs at Sam's. I mean, I guess I would estimate, I'm going to say may be 15% maybe fundraising Lending Club and specialty are 5%, so I'd say maybe 15% goes through drug and mass.
Jason English: And how is that 15% tracking today?
Michele Buck: It's tracking much better than the C-store. It really varies by channel. The drug piece would be the softest piece because overall drug is just not getting as much traffic. I think a lot of people are using drive through all options; people are trying to stay away from smaller stores. So, the larger majority of that is really going through mass and grocery. It's still softer than take-home, but it is still growing in some of our retailers.
Jason English: Okay. So, is that sort of reflective of what life looks like in the lower trip frequency environment and people stick with the sort of online replenishment and trip frequency is lower. Do you think it's reasonable to assume that if there is risk to like lost business that can be a bit more durable? That's the risk. So, we're talking about a couple of points of sales which may -- that may not come back. And is there anything else that you would highlight that we should be cognizant of as we think about the impact to your earnings power in 2021 or beyond?
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean I think with less trips, certainly there is some risk there and that creates some of -- some bit of a mix and sales risks. However, I guess the other thing I'd ask you to think about is, as we look at our e-commerce business, we have instant consumable strength in e-commerce. So, one of our biggest selling items has been instant consumable, both singles, as well as we sell case packs that have maybe 24 instant consumable items in them. And given that our margins are strong, we don't really discount and bulk the instant consumable items. Driving the growth there, our goal there is to continue to drive the growth there which offsets how the consumer behavior is evolving and changing. I think the other opportunity is really for us to just kind of drive against kind of the push that as consumers have less trips they're also executing bigger baskets and so really focusing on that as an opportunity as well.
Jason English: Yes, got it. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on. Stay safe, be well.
Michele Buck: Thank you. You too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Hi, great. Thank you so much. So, just sort of question on pricing, I mean it seems like you're saying the last week pre-Easter weakness really shouldn't impact the P&L in the near-term. Maybe that suggests that the promotional plans have really been altered, but then I think it also sounded like, you said promotional spend could be increasing your price mix sharpened as you go through the year, right, to maybe increased demand overall, but then I also heard that maybe you're pricing plans remain on track. So, obviously, there are just a number of comments in there. I just wanted to clarify. Just in general pricing environment and we've heard Easter didn't go so well seasonally let's say in Europe, but obviously because the COVID buying, right, you kind of mask some of that seasonal weakness is there too much product still on the seasonal based on the shelf does that have to be sold through sounds like inventory levels have come down, but pricing sounds to be okay. So, any commentary you can just give kind of around the overall pricing dynamic will be great. Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes, I guess, first I'd start by saying, we feel good about our pricing strategy for the year and our current initiatives are on track and we really don't expect any material changes as a result of COVID. So, we were expecting in that two to two and half points of pricing in 2020 and we continue to believe that, that will be the case. As we look at promotional spending, at this point in time in our category a lot of our promotional spending is utilized to drive display. So, we are unlike some other categories that are less impulsive where people use price to have a temporary price reduction and really low pantry. That's not really how our category works. So, given our retail sales team is out there in force, we're continuing to get display. And so we aren't seeing a big pullback. There could be some small coupled -- couple of million dollars that come back from trade, but I think in general, we're continuing to drive against that. And then really relative to the -- we're just trying to be sensitive to the consumer environment around the financial constraints which is one reason that we continue to believe some of our promotional support makes sense than the display. And then during the holidays just making sure we have the right array of price point. So, I don't think about that as being an absolute reduction in price, because that's really not about the price realization per pack, it's just more what is the absolute price point. So, that consumers have options if they want to buy multiple or a bigger pack, they can and if they're going to buy less, so that's less kind of about the price per pound. Does that answer your question?
Rob Dickerson: Yes. No, that's actually very helpful. I mean it sounds like basically if there is somewhat of a mix shift -- you talk about mix in terms of margin and time to make some pack size, et cetera, could affect pricing. But it sounds like maybe you could offset some of that with potential reduced promotional spend and display, so kind of net-net, at this point you feel like we're kind of okay. Does that make sense, back to you.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say net-net, we think we're okay, yes.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, cool. And then just quickly and more broadly look over time, we've heard a number of larger food companies have said they actually do better online, but their online share can actually be better just given page one display and overall brand awareness. Obviously, there is a whole conversation around the channel shift. If we just think about online specifically in all the other channels, would you just say yes, we think, given our investment brand awareness, what have you. If we do shift into more than online purchase society over the next few years that we should be taking more share of category. That's it. Thanks a lot.
Michele Buck: Sure. Yes, I mean we feel good about our ability to drive the business and capture share online. We're looking at total online share is a little difficult because there are a lot of unique businesses that have direct to consumer businesses online. But if we look at kind of the big retailers and the pure play big retailers in that space, yes, I feel pretty good that that we should be able to continue to drive share there.
Rob Dickerson: Thank you, Michele. Stay safe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Nik Modi: Yes, good morning everyone. Michele, the share gains look really healthy and obviously you indicated they accelerated. So, I'm just wondering, what do you think is driving that? Is it a function of just the fact that your fill rates were so good? So, you have the product available. We are hearing about one of your major competitors of scaling back on some of the SKU count. So, I'm just curious what you're seeing and what you would attribute some of that market share gain to?
Michele Buck: Yes, I would absolutely attribute it to our customer service levels. So we've been able to maintain incredibly high customer service levels at that 98%, 98.5%, 99% depending on the month. I think within that we have had very good availability across our portfolio. So, we've been pretty much able to meet the specific product demands as well. So, huge kudos and credit to our manufacturing team who has just done an outstanding job of being ahead of this, building inventory ahead of this, getting raw materials in ahead of this, working with their teams and all of our manufacturing employees who supported doing this. And then I would also say having our retail sales reps out there building displays, stocking shelves, that has also been a very positive impact. So, yes, I would say a lot of it is about the strength of our company in the past has always been a lot around operational excellence and execution, and I think that's really benefiting us on top of course the fact that we feel great about the brands and the programs we've had out there, but I do think that's been a difference maker.
Nik Modi: And just going back to the question, any changes in the competitive landscape. We are hearing again, one of your major competitors is looking to do their own SKU rationalization program. So, I'm just curious if you've seen that in the marketplace or if you've heard the same?
Michele Buck: No, I mean, I'd say the only -- we've probably heard similar things as you had regarding a couple of competitors in the category, who may have supply, not a solid position on supply.
Nik Modi: Great. And then just quickly on the size of SKU. So, if you think about a lot of the volume that was probably sold over the past several weeks, my suspicion is and maybe you can confirm that it was all large bags multi-packs. Just curious how you guys are thinking about at home inventory depletions just given general consumer behavior. I mean, my sense is, it's going to take some time for them to work that inventory down. But just love your thoughts on that. I could be wrong.
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean, obviously, we didn't get as big of a stock up as like say some of the main meal categories. So, I don't think that that there is a huge backlog. But certainly as we get through the quarter, that will be something that we will learn more about. We do know that the things that are selling best or things that are around take-home occasions, snack size assortment bags, six packs of Hershey Bars for people to make S'mores at home. Twizzlers which one of the key uses for Twizzlers is when you're watching movies or TV, so I think we know which items are getting consumed the most rapidly. And like I said, we don't have a huge stockpile, but that is something that will play out in Q2 and we'll get a better feel for how quickly people utilize those. We also, know, hey, they are baking a lot at home and so there are other indulgent categories that we're competing with for those usage occasions at home.
Nik Modi: Great. Thanks a lot. Stay healthy.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Growe: Hi. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Hi.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. I just had two questions, if I could. I was curious first of all, Michele if you could speak to your thought here, the concept of the thought around guidance. And it sounds like and I'm taking good notes, and there's a lot of little factors you've given around the second quarter, but you seem to have pretty good -- a pretty good visibility into that quarter. Is there a factor too that worried you about giving guidance for the upcoming quarter or having a good read on the quarter given you seem to have good visibility across a number of different areas of the other P&L?
Michele Buck: Yes. So, as we mentioned, we do have a lot of visibility into Q2 of some of the things that we know will hit us. We mentioned the 6% of the business, a lot of those businesses essentially being closed or down based on governmental regulations. We certainly know that we've got in that $45 million of cost that will hit in Q2. If you add up manufacturing and retail productivity some of those elements, so we do have that at the same time, we still don't know how the rest of the quarter will play out and we're seeing that every single week we get new pieces of news or information that make it difficult to know if something else is coming our way. And certainly, then I think as we look to the rest of the year, we have significantly less visibility there. We certainly have tried to share what we think the biggest risks and opportunities are in the portfolio. The opportunities we're driving at, how we're managing against the risks, but much less visibility there. So, yes, I would say that's where we kind of stand.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then I just was curious, a quick question about your international business. Obviously, China has gotten better rather still down as you noted. Are the -- the other countries, in India, Brazil and Mexico, just a bigger risk of declines is that one area of uncertainty you have also in the second quarter?
Michele Buck: Yes, international is definitely an area that remains a risk. Each country, each area is in a different state in the growth or stage of the pandemic and each government is acting quite differently. So, we have some markets like Mexico or India, India is really on a lockdown for four weeks. We have some of those markets where it's difficult for our employees to actually get to work, based on what's happening with public transportation, based on government regulations about people in certain areas, not traveling to other areas. So, we are facing a lot in those markets. And I'd say that's really primarily in Mexico and India as the two biggest impacts. But yes, it is in that camp of more uncertain at this point in time.
Chris Growe: Just one final point on that. Is it likely that the international business could be weaker in Q2 than it was in Q1 even though you don't have that unique China experience?
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say there is a lot of uncertainty in international such that I'm not really sure that I could say for sure how that's going to play out. I think that's one of the uncertainties for Q2.
Chris Growe: Okay, that's fine. I appreciate it. And again stay safe. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lavery: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: With the heavy traffic at retail are you -- what adjustments are you making if any to promotional spending? And if there is any change in plans or those things that can drive savings or is it just shifting timing to a different point in the year?
Michele Buck: Yes, we haven't made a lot of big wholesale changes in promotions, because our promotions are really geared against display, because our retail sales teams are still out there and are able to build those displays and obviously there remains a lot of space in stores given outages in certain categories. We continue to be focused on making sure that we are really driving as much of our spending as possible to display any place that we didn't have any kind of temporary price reduction. We are trying to pull back on those and then certainly we are trying to gear the spending around the right programs that are relevant at this point in time. So, we continue to look at where we are there. We continue to partner with retailers in terms of how we meet their needs. At this point in time, I would say we are largely executing according to our plans for the year, but always looking if there is opportunity where promotions aren't going to make sense. They aren't going to drive consumers like a temporary price reduction. I don't think, well, how we convert that more to a display driving initiative or use it for something else.
Michael Lavery: Okay, that's helpful. And then you talked about it a lot of the puts and takes on the cost side and specifically a lot of cost headwinds that are more 2Q focused. You also have some of the marketing savings you mentioned and efficiencies from the bigger SKUs running to the extent that it goes both ways on the full year how does it net out? Is it a net negative or is it about a push, how do you see assuming just at least what you know now?
Michele Buck: Are you saying a net negative or a push on total cost impact to the business?
Michael Lavery: Exactly, yes.
Michele Buck: Steve, do you want to talk to that?
Steve Voskuil: The cost impact on a full year basis will be a net negative. I think we're not giving guidance for the full year until all of the other puts and takes on the variables that we're watching will come into play. Obviously, depending on the shape of the recovery, we would expect to see improvement in those costs, after we get past the challenge in Q2. But I don't think there is enough new savings to offset some of the deeper incremental costs we are going to face in Q2.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thanks. And just a last quick one on the Hershey World Stores, how much seasonality is there to that with the percentage of sales in Q2 and 3Q typically be much higher?
Michele Buck: So, it depends on the location. Clearly for the Hershey-based store, there is big seasonality in the summer, because we are right outside Hershey Park. So, that one is highly seasonal. Las Vegas, I would say not so much and Time Square has a bit of a SKU to summer and to holiday because it's driven by that traffic, but not quite as much of a seasonal SKU.
Michael Lavery: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] It will come from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hey, thanks for taking the question. I guess if we just wrap all this up, I mean before we -- before this the COVID-19 situation, I'll started we were looking forward to an Investor Day update from you in March, which seems like a long, long time ago. But as you think back and think about what you intend to communicate that day, how much of the content that you feel would remain unchanged as it relates to your medium to long-term strategy at this point versus what degree do you think we're all going through now is likely to have lasting impacts on Hershey's future playbook?
Michele Buck: I don't think that what we are going through right now would have any impact on that content on our long-term strategies. What I would say is, some of it may shift a bit. So, certainly, I think there has been a step change in e-commerce that just now occurred that probably would have taken longer to occur in society around consumers' adoption of e-commerce around retailers' readiness. It would be smaller things like that, but largely our strategies remain unchanged. Our big initiatives in terms of what we think is important remain unchanged as well.
Steve Powers: Okay. And I guess maybe just a quick follow-up. I can tie it to your comments that you made today on the plans to divest the businesses that you highlighted. I guess how much -- was that a March communication or is that a decision that you've definitively come to more recently. It feels just a little bit surprising in the context of what were all -- what were in the midst of. So, I just wanted some clarity there as you -- I mean obviously you've made comments about this business in the past, but with the X now intend--?
Michele Buck: That was pre-COVID. That's been under way. It has been Q1, late Q4, probably started in Q4 or early Q1 activity to explore and to begin that work.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, I'd say we're always looking at everything in the portfolio, testing where its best place is and so no COVID impact on that.
Steve Powers: Okay. And is there any way you can dimension the size 2019 sales profitability of those businesses, just for some frame of reference?
Michele Buck: I mean they're small.
Steve Voskuil: Yes, they are small.
Steve Powers: Okay, fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Ms. Poole for any final comments.
Melissa Poole: Thank you all for joining us this morning. I'm sure there are still additional questions, I'll be around all day to answer as many of them as I can. Thanks so much. Stay wealthy -- stay healthy.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The Hershey Company Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company's fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, Chairman of the Board, President and CEO; and Steve Voskuil, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on our current expectations, and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in these forward-looking statements contained in our 2018 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information does not intend to be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Michele.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning to all of you on the phone and webcast. We had a strong 2019, with accelerated business performance and differentiated financial results. This was driven by momentum in our core U.S. confection portfolio in both retail takeaway and margin expansion, like incremental and profitable international growth, and by further expansion of our snacking portfolio, and we continue to invest in our brands, capabilities, and people. I would like to extend a sincere thank you to our employees and all of our partners for their hard work to make this possible. For the full-year, we delivered net sales growth of 2.5% and EPS growth of 7.8%, a testament to our strong brands, business model, and a commitment to balance top and bottom line growth. Constant currency organic sales growth of 1.8% was ahead of expectations, driven by incremental pricing and core base strengths of our U.S. confection business. These gains drove stronger than anticipated gross margin expansion of over 100 basis points for the year, which enabled incremental investments in our brands and employees, and enhanced earnings for our shareholders. We're pleased with the consistency of our results throughout the year, and the momentum we're taking into 2020. In the fourth quarter, net sales grew 4% behind 1.9% organic constant currency growth, and our gross margin expanded 96 basis points. For the full-year, our Hershey Candy Mint and Gum retail sales increased 2.6% resulting in a category share gain of approximately 10 basis points. While a long Easter contributed to this performance, we also finished the year strong with retail sales growth of 2.8%, and a category share gain of approximately 20 basis points in the fourth quarter. As was the case with the entire year, this growth was driven by balanced activation across the portfolio, and we are seeing the benefits from our investment in marketing spending carrying through to retail performance. Our Reese's brand continue to outperform the market with growth of over 6% in the fourth quarter, driven by great advertising, innovation, and strong in-store execution. Kit Kat grew 2.3% in Q4 behind incremental capacity, and our new Kit Kat Duos innovation, which launched late last year. Early results of this innovation are encouraging, and we expect continued momentum on this brand in 2020. Our media and packaging investments on our mid-tier iconic brands also drove strong growth with Payday up over 8%, Almond Joy up 6%, Rolo up 5%, and Heath up 35% in the quarter, resulting in a combined share gain of 20 basis points. Pricing remained an important lever for us in the fourth quarter. Net price realization of approximately four points in Q4 was slightly ahead of expectations as we began to see a benefit from our most recent price increase announced in July of 2019, and we expect this to continue in 2020 with planned price realization of 2 to 2.5 points on our U.S. confection business in the U.S. for the year. As we look at 2020, we have another great year of activations planned within our confection business. In just a couple of days, for the first time in brand history, Reese's will be running an advertisement during the 2020 Super Bowl. This will be a great opportunity for America's number one confectionery brand to increase awareness of one of its best tasting, highest consumer rated items in the portfolio, Take 5. As we had shared with you last year, our re-launch of this item is off to a strong start, and we're excited to build on this with an ad during America's most watched sporting event and additional in-store merchandising and distribution. We're also excited about our product innovation for 2020. In addition to our Kit Kat Duos innovation, we are excited to announce the expansion of our THiNS platform in 2020. York THiNS and Reese's white THiNS will launch in March, and will be available in both the take-home bag and peg formats. This provides York lovers a unique way to enjoy one of their favorites, and it enables us to secure strong year to merchandising for our core milk and dark Reese's items that we've launched this past year. Our snacking portfolio also delivered solid growth in the fourth quarter. SkinnyPop ready-to-eat popcorn retail sales grew over 13%, resulting in a category share gain of 170 basis points. And as expected, Pirate's Booty performance accelerated as we began to recapture distribution lost earlier in the year, and had strong promotional activity behind our on-pack Disney promotion. Retail sales grew 1.4% in the fourth quarter, and over 4% in December. Our most recent acquisition One Brand grew 35% in traditional measured channels with additional strength in non-measured channels such as e-commerce. Now, for an update on our international markets, we have made significant progress over the past several years by focusing on branded high margin products, streamlining our operating model and right-sizing our investments. Since we began this journey at the beginning of 2017, we have increased our segment income by $125 million over the past three years, while continuing to grow our organic constant currency net sales. This is a significant accomplishment made possible by the hard work and dedication of many employees around the world. A sincere thank you to everyone who helped drive this business transformation and financial performance. Our international business provides us with important geographic diversification and incremental growth, and we're excited to build on this progress with another year of profitable growth in 2020. In Mexico, we will continue to focus on increased distribution and innovation on our Hershey and Pelon Pelo Rico brand. After strong test results last year, we will be launching a new business model more broadly in 2020 aimed at securing incremental and profitable distribution in traditional trading. Additionally, we will continue to innovate with new flavors and packaging to drive growth in our existing channels. In Brazil, despite a continued heightened competitive environment, we delivered profitable growth in the fourth quarter. Our Dark Chocolate Hershey's portfolio has performed very well, and we're excited to bring new innovation within that platform to market in 2020. Additionally, we're focused on growth in non-traditional retail channels, and we're expanding a successful 2019 test to more regions this year. In India, our National Kisses launch remained on track, and we are leveraging important learnings from our regional launch last year to further optimize the proposition as we expand in 2020. We continue to see this market as a strategic growth vector for our business. In China, we had a strong finish to the year, and we plan to build upon last year's successful flavors of life promotion with new varieties in 2020. Due to the timing of Chinese New Year in 2020 and 2021, we expect 2020 shipments to be slightly pressured, but we continue to feel good about our in-store activations and our base business momentum. In summary, we're pleased with our performance, and believe we will deliver another year of high-quality financial results in 2020. We're proud of what we have accomplished and the momentum we're seeing on the business, but we also recognized we must continue to adapt and invest to elevate the business further. Over the past several years, we've invested in incremental capacity and planning capabilities. I'm pleased by the progress that we've made here, and the opportunities that this has unlocked for us. In 2019, we delivered our best case fill rate in a decade, and saw meaningful increases in our Advantage Survey rankings. Since 2017, our supply chain ranking with our customers advanced from number 15 to number four, and our customer service is now ranked number one amongst our peers up from number 12 just three years ago. We will build on this with additional investment in our supply chain capabilities over the next several years. As a part of a multi-year capital project, we will add additional capacity for our largest and fastest-growing brand, build agile fulfillment and late-stage customization capabilities, and invest in new data and technology within our supply chain that increases visibility, automation, and digitalization. We believe these investments will enable us to respond to changing needs from both our consumers and customers, while maintaining our advantage margin profile. We look forward to sharing more details about this at our Investor Day in March. In addition to investing to advance our business capabilities, we're also very focused on elevating our talent and culture. In December, I announced several organization changes that I believe will enable us to take our business to the next level. Chuck Raup has been promoted to President at U.S. Chuck is a proven, results-driven, commercial operator with a successful 10-year track record at Hershey, most recently leading the acceleration of our U.S. CMG business. Chuck's deep expertise across snacking, having led all areas of confection at Hershey, and from his previous experience at Craft will be instrumental to our future success as we pursue our strong growth ambition across traditional and digital channels. Kristen Riggs has been promoted to Chief Growth Officer. Kristen started with the company more than 14 years ago, and has worked across nearly all commercial functions. Her focus on driving growth is underpinned by a strategic and analytical understanding of the modern consumer, strong marketing expertise, and tenacity for creating positive change in the organization. Together, the U.S. business and growth office will work seamlessly to ensure the delivery of both 2020 and our growth plan over the next several years. And finally, Chris Scalia has been promoted to Chief Human Resources Officer. Chris joined Hershey in our legal department in 2005, and transitioned to human resources in 2011. Since that time, Chris has led talent management, recruiting, HR operations, and business partner teams as well as workforce development. Chris brings a strong commercial business acumen and analytical rigor to talent planning and development, and a passion to help people and culture drive performance. These changes are a testament to Hershey's talent development succession planning, and I couldn't be more excited about the opportunities ahead with this tremendous talent across the organization. Thank you to Todd, Mary Beth, Kevin, and Terry, for all their contributions to our success over the past several years. I'll now turn it over to Steve, who will provide you with details on our financial results. Steve.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you, Michele, and good morning, everyone. It was a strong year and quarter and we are pleased with the quality of delivery across our segments. North America achieved net price realization and operating leverage, enabling incremental investment in brands and capabilities throughout the year. We saw consistent solid retail takeaways on our core confectionery brands in the U.S. and our international business delivered another year of incremental profitable growth. We feel good about the momentum we have heading into 2020 to deliver in on algorism year for both top and bottom line. Fourth quarter net sales increased 4% to $2.1 billion versus the same period last year, with a slight headwind from foreign currency exchange. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures contributed 220 basis points of growth. Organic, constant currency net sales growth of 1.9% was consistent with expectations and driven by price realization in the U.S. and volume growth in our international markets. Net price realization for the quarter was 360 basis points partially offset by anticipated elasticity-driven volume declines of 170 basis points. Adjusted earnings per share diluted were $1 28 for the quarter, an increase of 1.6% versus the same period last year. This was driven by gross margin gains, which were more than offset by increased incentive compensation. For the full-year, net sales increased 2.5%. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a one-point benefit. Organic constant currency net sales growth of 1.8% was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange of 30 basis points. The delivery of our net sales and gross margin expansion plans allowed for investment in brands capabilities and our employees to drive future growth. This translated to adjusted earnings per share for the full-year of $5.78 cents, an increase of 7.8% versus prior year. In the fourth quarter, our North America segment net sales increased 3.8% versus the same period last year. The net benefit of acquisitions was 250 basis points. Organic net sales of 1.3% was driven by price realization of 400 basis points partially offset by elasticity-driven volume declines of 270 basis points. Recall, in the third quarter, price realization was approximately one point lower than expectations due to the timing related to our July 2019 announced price increase as anticipated, this headwind reversed in the fourth quarter. Without this timing shift, price realization was approximately 300 basis points, about 50 basis points ahead of expectations as we began to get a slight benefit from our most recent price increase. This incremental pricing contributed to stronger than anticipated gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter. Adjusted gross margins in North America expanded 130 basis points versus prior year. This was driven by net price realization and favorable commodities, which were partially offset by increased logistics and packaging costs consistent with other quarters. North America advertising and related consumers marketing spend increased 5.1% in the quarter driven by planned advertising increases enabled by our gross margin expansion. Fourth quarter international and other segments net sales increased 5.8% versus the year ago period. Constant currency net sales grew 6.3% offset by a 50-basis point headwind from foreign currency exchange. Volume was a 5.7-point benefit and net price realization contributed 60 basis points to net sales growth; combined organic constant currency sales, net sales in Mexico, Brazil, India, and China grew 6% versus the fourth quarter of 2018 with growth in all markets. International and other advertising and related consumer marketing decreased 11% versus prior year as we continue to optimize investment in these focus markets. Now turning to gross margin, adjusted gross profit of $898 million in the fourth quarter increased 6.4% versus prior year. This resulted in adjusted gross margin of 43.4%, an increase of nearly 100 basis points driven by net price realization and favorable commodities. Fourth quarter adjusted operating profit of $370 million resulted in operating profit margin of 17.9%, a decrease of 70 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2018. Gross margin gains were more than offset by higher incentive compensation. This incentive increase was related to a strong 2019 performance, and a structural market-based increase of variable compensation linked to company performance for our managers and individual contributors. This increase was planned to occur gradually over the coming years. However, our strong performance in 2019 allowed us to accelerate this change, which we believe is important for retaining and securing top talent in our organization. As you saw in our press release reported operating profit in the fourth quarter declined $135 million versus the prior year period, driven by the recognition of a long-lived and intangible asset impairment loss associated with our 2015 acquisition of KRAVE. While meat snacks remain a growing category, volume has been driven by mainstream and value brands. The Premium segment slowed, and became even more competitive, which pressured sales and margins. While disappointing, this acquisition was an important step to beginning to diversify our portfolio in the U.S. And we have leveraged the learning to improve the propositions and performance on our more recent acquisitions. Moving down to P&L, interest expense of $37 million was in line with the prior year period. Full-year interest expense was $144 million in increase of $5.3 million versus 2018 due to increase debt associated with acquisitions. The adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 9.8% versus 9.5% in the year ago period. This rate was favorable versus our expectations due to the execution of additional tax credits. For the full-year 2019, the adjusted tax was 17.4% versus 19.2% in the year ago period. This full-year favorability was driven by excess tax benefits from stock based compensation and valuation allowance releases in our international markets. In the fourth quarter other expense with $34 million, a decrease of $5.1 million versus the year ago period, driven by non-service related pension expense. For the fourth quarter of 2019, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately $210.5 million, reflecting a slight decrease versus the prior quarter. The company did not repurchase any shares in the fourth quarter against our July 2018 $500 million authorization, and $410 million remain. Total capital additions including software were $82 million in the fourth quarter, totaling $318 million for the full-year 2019. This was slightly below expectations, as some of our IS initiatives were delayed due to employee resource constraints related to our large ERP and supply chain projects. We continue to return cash to our shareholders with fourth quarter dividends of $157 million. This was our 365th consecutive quarterly dividend on the common stock. We have solid underlying momentum in our core business that we believe positions as well to keep the momentum going in 2020. We expect full-year net sales growth of two to 4% consistent with our long-term algorithm. This includes an approximate one point benefit from the acquisition of ONE brand. We anticipate our growth in North America will accelerate versus 2019 as we lap our SKU rationalization program. While we continue to expect profitable growth in our international markets, we expect the contribution will be lower than 2019 due to less favorable macroeconomic conditions impacting the confectionery category growth. Like 2019, we expect our North America growth to be driven by pricing while our international growth is expected to be more volume-driven. We expect gross margins to expand again in 2020, but at a slower pace than 2019. While we plan to benefit from slightly more price realization, commodities will change from being a tailwind in 2019 to a headwind in 2020. As a result, we expect the adjusted gross margins to expand 40 to 50 basis points. As was the case in 2019, we will leverage this pricing and growth margin expansion to lead into investments in our brands and capabilities. We expect advertising to grow slightly ahead of sales this year, and will continue to invest in data, technology and other initiatives to drive sustainable profitable growth in the future. We expect 2020 interest expense to be relatively in line with 2019, and other expense to increase 30 to $40 million versus 2019. As we plan to execute additional tax credits. As a result of these higher tax credit investments, we expect our 2019 adjusted tax rate to be between 16% and 17%. The net impact of investment tax credits and our adjusted tax rate is unfavorable versus 2019 as we lapped the one-time benefit of valuation allowance releases. For 2020, we expect elevated CapEx spending as we advance our ERP transition and initiate a strategic supply chain program. As Michele mentioned, this multi-year capital project will not only add capacity, but also give us new fulfillment and technology capabilities that we believe will help us deliver on the needs of our consumers and customers while maintaining and advantaged market profile. Given the significant investments, our CapEx for 2020 is estimated to be between $475 million and $525 million. Our core business sales growth and another year of gross margin expansion are expected to deliver full-year adjusted earnings per share growth of 6% to 8% consistent with our long-term algorithm. Given some of the timing of this year's key initiatives, as well as events we are lapping from prior year, we do expect second-half financial performance to be stronger than the first-half, while we have more pricing in the first-half, and are lapping our SKU rationalization program, we're also lapping a strong Easter pipeline still associated with our package and candy transition tax strategies that resulted in a low first-half 2019 rate and second quarter margin benefits associated with our July 2019 price increase. Similar to 2019, while these factors create some volatility in our quarterly financial results, we expect retail performance to be more consistent throughout the year and remain confident in our ability to achieve our full-year guidance. We remain focused on delivering balanced growth with a disciplined approach to building our brands and evolving our business model for the future. We have strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet and we'll continue to make the necessary investments to drive the business and deliver long-term shareholder value. That concludes my financial discussion, and I'll now turn it back to Michele.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Steve. I'm proud of what we have delivered over the past several years, and I'm optimistic about 2020 and our future, we continue to operate with a healthy level of dissatisfaction and constantly push ourselves to elevate the business even further. We are excited about the opportunities ahead, and we look forward to sharing more details about our strategic plans in March. Steve, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi, there. So, two things for me; first, as we think about some of the various pieces that drove the fourth quarter unallocated corporate, maybe can you give us a sense or help quantify a bit, you know, how much sort of is expected to stay in the base as we go through 2020, and how much of any sort of reverses out and perhaps helps to become a bit of a tailwind to 2020 operating income? And second, I know it's a smaller business, Michele, but your comments on a new business model in Mexico just peaked my interest, I think you were talking about a new model to gain some incremental distribution, I didn't know if that was something along the lines of more of like a partnership or perhaps you can expand a little bit on that, and that's it. Thank you
Michele Buck: Andrew, why don't I take that one first, because I think that's a quick one, which is really the focus there in Mexico is a new model to capture traditional trade. So, it is not anything beyond that, but really it's a focus to go after that traditional trade business.
Andrew Lazar: Got it.
Steve Voskuil: And just picking up on the on the compensation and what stays and goes just in the fourth quarter really had three things that rolled in, one was if you look year-over-year, there was a re-based impact on incentives, the prior year period had below target performance and payout. So, in the fourth quarter, you sort of catch up to target. We had then a predicted over-target performance, and then the market adjustment that we talked about, and clearly as we roll into 2020 that one-time market based adjustment will go away, and so will the performance will reset at a target level. So, roughly 50% of that increase will stay going forward, and about half of that will go away.
Andrew Lazar: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Moskow: Hi. The results are pretty much in line with what we'd expected, maybe incentive comp is a little higher than we thought, but -- so I was just going to jump into CapEx, the CapEx spend is a big step up. You mentioned it's related to the ERP and supply chain program. Are there any expenses that run to the income statement related to this step up in your ERP program, or is this really just a kind of a CapEx kind of effort, and also what steps are you taking if any if you need to mitigate customer service issues? Thanks.
Steve Voskuil: Sure. The ERP program has been going for a number of years, and so, you're right, there's a portion of that CapEx step up in 2020 is due to the ERP program continuing. There is a portion that hits the P&L. Year-over-year for '20 it's not a material factor, and it's obviously factored into our guidance. As we get to the March Investor Conference, as Michele said, we'll talk more about the supply chain project, and probably also talk more about the next couple of steps that we expect on the ERP program, but for 2020, it's fully reflected from both OpEx and CapEx.
Michele Buck: And we have a big focus on change management to the end of your question relative to really managing the risks and business continuity during that period of time, and we can talk a bit more about that in March.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Well, I'll wait till March then. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Hi. First the increase in CapEx, does that change your outlook at least in the short-term on M&A? I know most of the M&A you've been doing is relatively, I guess, tack on in nature. So, my guess is probably you'll stay opportunistic, but I'm just curious for your thoughts there. And then my second question is, thank you for the guidance on the gross margin outlook, I guess, in that guidance, are you assuming any incremental pricing action, whether it's list prices, whether it's reduced promos or pack size changes, things like that, or is it just sort of status quo and you have all the pricing actions that you need already baked into hit that gross margin number? I'm asking because obviously, cocoa has gone up a little bit, and I know your heads there and so forth, but just curious.
Steve Voskuil: Maybe I'll take the first part of that question relative to thinking about M&A relative to the additional CapEx. So clearly, it has an impact on free cash flow. Our capital allocation priorities aren't changing. You know, we continue to look first and foremost at funding, both organic and inorganic growth, protecting the dividend and obviously watching overall leverage. I would say as we sit here today, we have with the incremental CapEx investment we're not pulling back, are looking for potential inorganic opportunities as they come available, we'll always do that with an eye towards leverage and the value proposition for shareholders. I would say no change in our posture from that perspective. On the gross margin side, we don't comment about specific pricing actions that we might have planned for the coming year. We can say price continues to be a strategic part of our repertoire of tools to use along with all the other components. So, anything you want to add to that, Michele?
Michele Buck: Yes. I would just say, I mean, overall, we are expecting price in that 2% to 2.5% range for the year in North America, and our gross margin guidance is consistent with that being a part of it.
Ken Goldman: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: So, it seems as though the core business is chugging along, you've got the modest price increases rolling through each year. In terms of the future business development, acquisition strategy from here, can you talk a little bit about what the key learnings have been from what's worked with SkinnyPop Popcorn, and what seems to be improving with Pirate's Booty, and maybe some of the things that didn't work so well with KRAVE and Brookside? And then also maybe just talk about what your priorities are for it from here, is it going to remain within salty snacks in the U.S., are you thinking about more overseas acquisitions, what's the priority list from here? Thank you very much, and I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Sure. So, let's start with our overall strategy, which is about capturing incremental snacking occasions, and if you look within that, certainly the number one priority is in categories outside of sweet indulgence in the U.S. So, both salty snacks savory as well as we recently bought the ONE brands nutrition bar. So, I'd say it's largely about better for you in savory in the U.S., not to say that we will not move forward with something in confection if there's a gap in our portfolio we will, and we would entertain international acquisition, but our bar is much higher given the risk levels of that business, and obviously, given we don't have scale internationally the businesses that makes sense for us are just a bit different than in the U.S. Relative to our key learnings, I would say, probably the first and biggest learning is that is around selection of assets, that is, we are a branded high gross margin company that is -- those are the kinds of brands we're used to growing and building. SkinnyPop and Pirate's Booty fit right in that sweet spot on both of those elements, and I think especially if we're going into a newer category or segment within snacking. KRAVE in particular was an acquisition that did not meet either of those relative to adequate scale nor adequate gross margin. So, I think that's the single biggest learning was that piece of what fits our business model and staying true to that, and then certainly along the way, I think we learned other things relative to integration and how to get the best of both leveraging our scale as well as enabling some of the entrepreneurial spirit, but realizing the businesses we're buying are in a phase of scaling up in growth and there's help needed to do that.
Alexia Howard: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for citing me in and happy belated New Year.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Jason English: You're welcome. I want to come back real quick on the CapEx piece because it's a surprisingly large number. And it sounds like we'll get more detail on where that spends coming at the Analyst Day, but given that you're spending a lot more into supply chain and you explain at the same time that your prior margin for growth productivity savings are poised to step-down. Is it unreasonable to think that we should expect a larger or some sort of news around renew productivity goals over the next couple of years?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, we're not announcing today any renewed productivity goals, I would say productivity is and will remain a key part of our algorithm inside the P&L. You're right last couple of years with margin for growth that probably had higher than historically typical productivity. 2020 is down a little bit from that as that kind of peak of that program passes. And we will do as we always do, kind of continue to look for additional productivity opportunities and some of the improvements coming in terms of fulfillment with the supply chain investment will actually set the future for some more as we go forward.
Michele Buck: Yes, little bit additional context. In the past, we did big supply chain projects and those tended to be much more focused on utilization of capacity and also margin enhancement. This supply chain project is very much focused on enabling growth and doing so by providing increased flexibility and customization capabilities that will then allow us to meet consumer and customer needs while maintaining the advantage margin structure that we have.
Jason English: Thank you. That's good context. I understand a little bit better. I appreciate that. Switching gears real quick to the growth side, so new capabilities help drive growth, but from a volumetric perspective, there's not a lot of growth right now in at least in your North American portfolio, and I know there's some elasticity components there, but how should we think about the growth trajectory for both the category and your portfolio as we track through the next 12, 24 months?
Michele Buck: So first of all, we think both volume and price are important to our long-term algorithm. During the years where we have pricing, those years will be much more pricing driven than volume driven. And we do a lot of hard work on our programming to keep our volumes flat during that time. Otherwise, according to the models, we'd actually decline in volume. So we're pleased that we've been able to do that. But over the years, you'll see a bit of both. And as we look at the actual growth outlook, we continue to think that the CMG category is going to grow at that 1.5% to 2% type of range. We believe in 2020, that it will be at the higher end of that range given the pricing in the marketplace, but we believe it will not be as high as 2019, which also had the additional benefit of a long Easter and we look to grow in line or slightly above the category growth rate.
Jason English: Got it, okay, Thanks a lot. I'll see you in Florida.
Michele Buck: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Strycula with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good morning. Just piggyback off of Jason's question on organic sales for the year, how should we think about maybe how the China and Brazil macro situations really kind of play into how you think about the international business, I know it's a smaller part and then on the U.S. front, anything to comment on Snap and how that any potential developments in legislation might potentially impact that business as you think forward? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes, so certainly we have seen macro economic softness in several of the developing markets in which we participate. As we developed our plans for the year, we tried to take that into account as other factors that were known at the time, clearly the coronavirus would be the one unknown that really we didn't have visibility to at the time, and we are tracking that carefully. We do anticipate that will have an impact on our business in China. But as you know, we're a predominantly North American based company. So not as big an impact as we may see from some others, and we are carefully tracking, and always do kind of what happens with Snap at this point in time; we have not built in nor anticipate something significant there, but we'll keep a close eye on that.
Steven Strycula: As a quick follow-up to that, Michele, I appreciate the color for China, as you think about it being a potential impact as you noted, is it more from a manufacturing standpoint that facilities or maybe offline until maybe the beginning of February, as is the case for the industry, or is it more just an early indication that depletion rates in the retail channel are already starting to come in a little bit as travel slows, any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say it's more the latter which is our business tends to have a seasonal skew around Chinese New Year, we sold in our volume and now consumers are not able to go to retail and so we're trying to carefully watch what's the take away will be and any waste implications from the fact that that portfolio is seasonal in nature. So that's the biggest hit for us.
Steven Strycula: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Feeney: Good morning, thanks very much. A couple of detailed question first and then a real question. The detail question is on looking at your takeaway data you gave us, so 28 on Candy Mint and Gum or 11.3 on salty snacks, 2.5 overall, is it like last quarter where all that gap is that all KRAVE that were kind of flushing out of the system is my first question that because it would seem to me it'd be something like in the threes overall if that was the case. And second question, real question is, it seems like pricing works a lot better than it used to, and it's worked fantastically at times in the past decade. But it seems like you get it, you see less elasticity, you grow gross margin like, is there something just new under the sun here where you have better capabilities, and you can just price more tactically going forward than used to be, if any detail on that, I'd appreciate it.
Michele Buck: Okay. So relative to your first question, you're right that there are some of the smaller emerging brands like KRAVE that are a drag to our total consumption. The other piece is our grocery business, which is comprised primarily of syrup and baking chips. Syrup tends to be a pretty stable business. But baking chips has big promotional windows, and it's very competitive. So, we always have decisions to make relative to which pieces of business to go for at which just don't have the profit margins that we're interested in. And so we passed on some less profitable business this year. And that was a drag in our total retail takeaway. Relative to pricing, I would say we think about the impact as being pretty consistent with what we've seen over the years that we've always had a pretty solid ability to leverage price, and we believe that's only though because of all of the investments that we make with retailers in retail specific programs. The high level of advertising we put behind our brands that creates the brand value proposition for the consumer then it enables that. So but we see basically the elasticity is being somewhat in line with what we've seen historically.
Jon Feeney: Well, it works whatever it does. Thank you.
Michele Buck: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Michele Buck: Good morning, John.
John Baumgartner: I guess, Michele or Steve, I just like to hear a bit more about the operating leverage, given the importance of that to the P&L. We've seen plant closures over the years you've had the modernization in Hershey. Now there's talk about, I guess, the smart plants. So as you exit the margin for growth, how do you think about leverage from here, I mean how large of the contributor will manufacturing be given the increases in capacity, flattish category growth relative to leverage from SG&A at this point and a lot of moving pieces, just trying to get a sense for the factors and how it materializes?
Michele Buck: Steve, you want to take that?
Steve Voskuil: Driving operating leverage over time is going to continue to be a key part of the algorithm. And so, all of these investments whether we're talking in the manufacturing area or some of the capability investments, all are with an eye towards driving a return over time and ultimately driving leverage of itself. Some of the investments in digital and data, all have a business case around leverage at the end, and so as we've done in the past, as margin for growth wraps up, we will kind of that Michele said in the past go right back through the P&L and attack each one of those to continue to drive sustainable leverage. Anything to add there, Michele?
Michele Buck: Nope.
John Baumgartner: Okay. And just as a follow-up there. Based on the guidance, it looks as though non-advertising SM&A for 2020 should increase a fair amount year-on-year. Are there any particular callouts there in terms of the plan, whether it's in-store programming, your sales force feed on the street or anything else worth note that we should think about here?
Michele Buck: Our data and technology investments do fall in that line. So investments around ERP, investments more broadly around data and technology when it comes to analytics and how we evaluate the business, new data sources, et cetera filling up buckets, that's a significant piece.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Michele and Steve, thanks for the time.
Steve Voskuil: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Dickerson: Great, thank you. I guess first question, Michele is just, given the amount of investment, you deployed over the past two, three years to now, speaking to the next two to three years, to become more efficient. With that in mind, as we see brand support increase, I feel like at least, usually that brand support goes to larger brands, right, just higher margins that are leverage overall. But you've also acquired a number of smaller companies that are faster growth, smaller with faster growth, on trend, et cetera. So, like, when you step back and say, okay, we kind of, let's say, we've kind of gotten through the first part of kind of our investment overall supply chain ERP, now we have further investment, like should we be expecting, increased innovation in the marketplace on brands like Skinny and Pirate's Booty and One, and I just asked because, you seem to be kind of the on-trend growth to your brands, not as big, but there's a lot of potential there, and I feel like we just haven't seen a tremendous amount of new innovation come out of those brands so far post acquisition?
Steve Voskuil: Yes. That's a great question. I would tell you that overall, as we look at growing a business, we do really believe in balanced -- the balance levers we've spoken with you all about relative to distribution, advertising that can drive base velocities, seasonal presents, pricing et cetera, and so, we believe all those levers are important, but at different phases and different brands lives, different of those levers are more important. So, with brands like SkinnyPop and Pirate's in particular, we want to make really sure that we take full advantage of driving the cores on those businesses because they were not at max distribution capacity for what they deserve, given their velocity levels. So, making sure that we continue to focus on that core distribution and also that we advertise to maximize household penetration, so there are many brands and confections where we have 40% household penetration, and it's significantly less on the brands like Pirate's or Skinny. So it's intentional that we first focus on the core, and that we judiciously add innovation. And we did do that with some seasonal items and some items, the right flavor profiles, but we think that's a key learning from the past is to be very measured in the innovation approach. We learned that on some of our early acquisition models focus enough on the core.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, fair. And then, just a quick follow-up, I guess what's implied with further capital spends, especially in 2020 on the CapEx side and overall investment, I'm assuming, as leader of a company, right, the expectation is that this does build efficiency obviously. So, essentially, hopefully de-risk further acquisitions, even a smaller in scale. So, basically KRAVE doesn't happen again?
Steve Voskuil: Yep, we're always focused on making better and better decisions and learning from every action we take in the past. So and we feel good about what we're seeing on SkinnyPop and Pirate's in particular and One is on track integration and acquisition model wise as well.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Super. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Palmer: Great. Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
David Palmer: In recent years, Hershey has been smarter about pricing and smoothing out the price increases in any one year and you've been hitting different parts of the portfolio and using weight outs and new packaging, but volume is still down, it's down this last quarter and wondering how you're thinking about pricing power levers that you might have up your sleeve. Should we get into a inflationary environment particularly with cocoa into '21 that looks like it's shaping up to be. In other words, do you do you think you could defend that 45% type gross margin should we get an outsize lumpiness in inflation?
Michele Buck: So, of course, we can't really talk about the future pricing actions, but we can talk a little bit about what we're seeing in commodities and cocoa pricing and how we're thinking about how that flows through the P&L. I think if we take a little bit of a step back and talk a bit about that, and Steve and I'll kind of tag team this. So we are very focused on watching cocoas commodity, because it's critically important for us, we do know it's a headwind as we go into next year, and that headwind is built into the guidance that we've given you. So, every year going forward, we focus on the right combinations of programs, which include hedging, which includes sometimes deciding to price, which include making tradeoffs across the P&L to really accommodate whatever's happening in cocoa pricing. We do have pretty strong visibility going forward, so we have a chance to plan around that. And Steve, do you want to talk a bit more about that?
Steven Voskuil: Yes, I would say, as Michele said, we have good visibility in 2020. As you point out, David, if things like the lid and some of the pressure on cocoa remain into 2021, you know, that puts some pressure for sure from a commodity standpoint into the P&L. That said, between pricing levers, productivity levers and others, we will use our toolbox to work to continue to drive leverage through gross margin as we go forward. The bar will be tougher, depending on how that cocoa pricing shapes up as we get to the back part of 2020 and into 2021, and we'll have more visibility into that as the year progresses.
Michele Buck: It's certainly something that's been volatile over time. So I think we have experienced managing that volatility.
David Palmer: That's very helpful. And just a real small one, that the re-launch of Take 5 as you said, at the Super Bowl, that's an interesting move, it's only in the measured channel looks like it's about half-percent of your channel mix. So, it's not a huge trademark, but there's probably something you see in that that's making you think there's an opportunity there. So, may be a couple of comments about why you think that is? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Sure. So Take 5 has the highest repeat purchase of any competitive innovation, and has one of the highest repeat purchases of many of the great brands we've seen over time. It lacks the awareness and trial, and so we began re-launching that brand putting it under the Reese's trademark because that is one key way to drive trial, it has great Reese's peanut butter on it, but that's where a placement like Super Bowl can tend to really help you, which is it garners a lot of awareness and trial and eyeballs, and we think that that will be really helpful for us as part of our overall marketing plan behind Take 5. So, we look at Take 5 as -- I look at it as one of our great innovations for the year. We know it's a great product, and we'll have consumers get a chance to try it for themselves.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Melissa Poole for any closing remarks.
Melissa Poole: Thanks for joining us this morning. We will be available for the rest of the day if you have additional questions. Please feel free to reach out.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company’s Third Quarter 2019 Results Conference Call. My name is Catherine, and I will be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is scheduled to end at about 09:30 a.m. So, please limit yourself to one question, so we can get to as many of you as possible. Please note, this call may be recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Poole, you may begin your conference.
Melissa Poole: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company’s third quarter 2019 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, Chairman of the Board, President and CEO; and Steve Voskuil, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call, we may make Forward-Looking Statements within the meanings of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in these forward-looking statements contained in our 2018 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information does not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Michele.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning to all of you on the phone and on the webcast. We are pleased with our third quarter results and the momentum we are seeing on our core business. Investments in our brands and capabilities as well as strong execution are driving solid conception sales and share gains, in both our U.S. and International markets. Our Amplify portfolio continues to deliver mid to high single-digit growth and we continue to execute against our broader snacking ambition with the acquisition of One brand, a portfolio of higher growth better for you nutrition bars that enables us to capture incremental consumer occasions. I would just like to pause briefly and say thank you to all of our employees who work so incredibly hard to deliver today and also to create momentum for our future. In the third quarter, net sales increased 2.6%, organic constant currency net sales growth of approximately 1.6% was in-line with our expectations, driven primarily by pricing in North America and volume growth and international. The net impacts with acquisitions and divestitures was 120 basis points benefits driven by our Pirate's brand acquisition, and FX was a 20 basis points headwind. We had another strong quarter of gross margin expansion that enabled a double-digit increase in brand reinvestment as well as adjusted earnings per share growth of approximately 4%. We remain focused on investing in our brands and capabilities for growth, while also delivering consistent earnings performance overtime. Something we believe is a differentiator for us and critical to driving shareholder value. Our key initiatives within our U.S. core confection business continues to perform well and are driving strong retail takeaway and accelerating share performance. For IRI, Hershey Candy Mint and Gum retail sales increased 2.2% versus prior year in the 12 weeks ending October 13. This resulted in a shared gain of approximately 23 basis points. Our $2 billion Reese's brand had another outstanding quarter, with retail sales growth of over 6%. Growth was balanced across multiple levers including strong advertising, distribution gains, smart innovations, new packaging, seasons and pricing. We Reese's brand performing well and we are encouraged by the sustainability and incrementalality of the launch. We also re-launched our Take5 brand under the Reese's umbrella late this summer, and early results are strong. As some of you may know, Take5 is my favorite Hershey Candy, so I couldn't be more thrilled to see takeaway up to over 50% since the re-launch, and we believe there is more opportunity to capture on this great tasting product. Reese's, along with several of our other brands, like Hershey miniatures Kisses and Kit Kat are seeing nice lifts from our new packaging in the take home isle. Performance on these improved bags has been consistently trending up since the transition and we are achieving all of our key benchmarks and driving growth both for us and for our retailers. Our Halloween season is off to a solid start and selling was strong after a successful 2018 season. The power of our core brands, breath of our product line up and incremental capacity are enabling us to deliver great assortment and innovative packaging for our consumers. Additionally, this year we have an Addams Family movie partnership that we will leverage to drive shopper engagement via advertising, merchandising and on tech promotions for key items. Our ecommerce confession business continues to perform well, with net sales growth approximately of 50% in the third quarter, driven by a strong Halloween selling and balanced performance across all fulfillment models. We are measured Hershey’s share of the chocolate category continues to increase with gains of 610 basis points in the quarter according to third-party sources. Our pricing initiatives remain on-track and are performing in-line with expectation. As we have discussed previously, we believe strategic pricing is an important lever for us to enable investment in our brands and capabilities. In 2019, we have invested in capabilities such as media targeting, digital commerce, new business models and supply chain. These capabilities in addition to our brand investments in innovation, advertising, seasons and distribution are driving balanced, sustainable growth in the marketplace. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, we are excited to keep the momentum going with some great activation. Our ICE BREAKER brand is partnering with Disney to bring character packaging and high impact merchandising to stores for the highly anticipated release of Frozen 2 next month. This is a great opportunity to capitalize on the cultural momentum of the movie and secure incremental merchandising opportunities in store. Four, our holiday program this year, we will build on last year’s success by continuing to drive our core and leverage a hero innovation item to secure incremental merchandising and engage with our consumers. This year's item is Reese's Mystery Shapes, which combines the anticipation and surprise of the holidays with the perfect ratio of peanut butter and chocolate that our consumers craves during the season. It is the first new Reese holiday shape in 20 years, and it will be available nationwide for a limited time only. And as we announced earlier this year, we will be launching Kit Kat Duos in December. Our supply chain investments and incremental capacity and new production capabilities allows us to bring consumers to crispy light wafer they love surrounded by dark chocolate on the bottom and mint cream on the top. The launch will be supported with merchandising, national TV and digital media. Now for an update on our recent acquisitions. SkinnyPop continues to perform very well in the marketplace, with retail sales up over 10% in the latest 12 weeks, this growth has significantly outpaced competition, resulting in a share gain of a 170 basis points in the ready-to-eat popcorn category. Both household penetration and frequency has consistently grown this year, a testament to the underlying strength of this brand. We will leverage this strength to continue optimizing placements and facings on shelves, as well as secure incremental space for new pack types that meet different consumer occasions. Pirate’s Booty performance is improving versus the first half of the year in-line with our expectations. In the latest 12 weeks, the business has begun to stabilize and trends are strong where distribution has been maintained. Well, performance is not yet where we want it to be, we remain confident in the strength of the brand and our visibility into recapturing lost distribution as planograms reset. Now for a few more details on our most recent acquisitions and venture investments. Last month, we closed our acquisition of One Brand, and I'm excited to welcome the team to the Hershey family. One is a portfolio of low sugar, high protein nutrition bars with net sales of approximately $100 million. As many of you know, the nutrition bar category is approximately $3 billion and its growing mid to high single-digits. The One portfolio is growing 40% to 50% and has a strong presence outside of measured channels, including a robust ecommerce business. We expect the acquisition to be slightly accretive to earnings in year one, and highly incremental to our existing portfolio. We also announced two minority investments in emerging snacking businesses Fulfill Holdings and Blue Stripes in August. Fulfill was one of the leading makers of great tasting vitamin fortified, high protein nutrition bars in the UK and Ireland. And Blue Stripes the town shop offers experiential retail that combines the goodness of coco with a unique customer experience. This sensor model provides the Company with new avenues for growth through the deployment of small capital investments in disruptive or emerging platforms focused on new occasions, new technologies and new go to market opportunities. Now for an update on our international markets. Constant currency organic sales grew 3.7% in the third quarter, and we continue to see strong segment operating income growth of almost 27% as we focus on increasing gross margins and right sizing our brand an SG&A investment. Our business in Mexico continues to show strong high single-digit growth behind increased distribution and innovation of our Hershey’s and Pelo Rico brands. In India, we continue to see robust growth of over 16% behind distribution gains and our and launch of Hershey Kisses. The Kisses launch remains on-track and we plan to expand to additional cities in 2020. And our China business is also growing high single-digits on an organic constant currency basis, driven by improved velocity on our Hershey bars, and reason specific flavor innovation, which is driving incremental growth. In Brazil, our performance has been challenged by difficult macroeconomic environment and increased competition. While we have invested additional trades to remain competitive, we are also being disciplined about the returns on our investment as we look to balance both the top and bottom line. In summary, we continue to feel good about the momentum we have a property strategies and the business results we are delivering. We will continue to invest in our brands and capabilities to take the business to the next level and drive sustainable top and bottom line growth. I will turn it over to Steve, who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Steve Voskuil: Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, everyone. Third quarter net sales of $2.1 billion increase 2.6% versus the same period last year. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a 120 basis points benefits and foreign currency translation was a 20 basis points headwinds. Organic constant currency net sale growth of 1.6% was driven by pricing, which contributed 1.1 points of growth, while volume contributed 50 basis points of growth. Our 2018 price increase remains on-track and as anticipated, the impact increased in the third quarter versus the first half. This was offset by our pricing transition period related to our July 2019 price increase, which executed in-line with expectations. We continue to expect minimal full-year sales and earnings impacts from our most recent pricing action. Adjusted earnings per shares diluted were $1.61 an increase of 3.9% versus the same period last year. This was driven by continued gross margin gains, partially offset by increased brand investments, and higher incentive compensation versus prior year. By segment, North American net sales increased 2.7% versus the same period last year. Price realization was a 150 basis point benefit and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was also a 150 basis points benefit. Volume was a 20 basis point headwind and foreign currency exchange was a 10 basis point headwind. North America gross margins expanded 80 basis points in the quarter as favorable commodities and net price realization, offset incremental logistics costs. This was slightly higher than our expectations. Recall in the second quarter, we experienced the gross margin benefit related to external inventory mix and fixed cost absorption, both related to our July price increase. While we expected most of this benefits to reverse in the third quarter, as inventory levels normalize, we now expect the majority of the impact to occur in the fourth quarter. Given this timing shift, and the more difficult lag from the year ago period, we expect Q4 gross margin expansion to be less than the third quarter. We continue to be pleased with the underlying momentum in our margin expansion initiatives and the business reinvestment it is enabling. North America advertising and related consumer marketing spend increased 14.4% in the quarter, driven primarily by advertising. This increase is in-line with expectations as we prioritize reinvesting gross margin expansion gain back into our brands to drive growth. As we have shared previously, the dollar spend increase is more meaningful in the second half of 2019 versus the first half. As we are lapping significant media efficiency gains in the year ago period. Third quarter total international and others segment net sales increased 1.8%, volume was a 5.3 point benefit driven by organic growth in our key focus markets. Net price realization was a 160 basis points headwinds as we invested more in response to increase competitive activity. Foreign currency exchange was a 100 basis points headwind and divestitures were a 90 basis point headwind. Combined organic constant currency net sales in Mexico, Brazil, India and China grew 7.4% versus the third quarter of 2018. International and other advertising and related consumer marketing decreased 14% versus prior year as we continue to right size investment and increase ROI in China in our regional markets. Total Hershey adjusted gross profit increased 4.4%, resulting in an adjusted gross margin of 44.8% an increase of 80 basis points versus the third quarter of 2018. This was driven by favorable commodities and net price realization. Third quarter adjusted operating profit of $477 million resulting in operating profit margin of 22.3% a decrease of 30 basis points versus the third quarter of 2018, as gross margin gains were offset by incremental brand investments and higher incentive compensation. Moving down the P&L, interest expense of $35 million decreased $1.5 million versus Q3 last year due to lower short-term interest rates. We expect full-year interest expense of approximately $145 million, the high end of our previous range due to our recent acquisition of ONE Brand. The adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 20.1% versus 22.9% in the year ago period. These gains were driven primarily by excess tax benefits from stock based compensation, along with higher tax investment credits. For the full-year, we expect an adjusted tax rate of approximately 18.5%. Third quarter other expense was $18 million an increase of $5.5 million versus prior year driven primarily by unfavorable pension expense. For the full-year, we expect other expense of approximately $70 million to $75 million. This is below our previous estimates, as we plan to exercise fewer tax investment credits and is offset by a slightly higher tax rate for the whole year. Then net impact of these two changes is negligible versus our previous estimates. For the third quarter of 2019, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 211 million, reflecting a slight increase versus the second quarter due to a increased number of stock option exercises in the quarter. The Company repurchased $191 million of common shares in the third quarter in connection with the exercise of stock options. The Company did not repurchase any shares in the third quarter against our July 2018 $500 million authorization and $410 million remaining. Total capital additions, including software were $60 million in the third quarter. For the full-year 2019, we continue to estimate CapEx of around $350 million. We continue to return cash to our shareholders with third quarter dividends of $168 million. This was our 359th consecutive quarterly dividend on the common stock, a testament to our strong balance sheet and strong cash flow generation. Before I close, let me provide some additional information on our recent acquisition of ONE Brands. As Michelle mentioned, net sales are approximately $100 million. Given our mid September close, we expect approximately $25 million of sales in the fourth quarter for this acquisition. The margin profile on this portfolio is attractive, and we expect it to be slightly accretive to earnings in year one. Given acquisition related costs, we expect it to be slightly dilutive to recorded earnings in the fourth quarter and have a negligible impact to adjusted earnings in Q4. Our focus will be on maintaining the brand's current momentum, [indiscernible] links have to built brand equity and secure incremental distribution and capturing supply chain and procurement synergies. To summarize for the full-year, we expect full-year recorded net sales to increase to around 2.5%, an increase versus the previous guidance driven by the acquisition of One Brands. The net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures increases to approximately one point. Full-year FX impact is anticipated to be slightly negative based on current exchange rates. Full-year reported earnings per share diluted are expected to be around $5.58 relatively flat the prior year. Full-year adjusted earnings per share diluted are expected to grow 6% to 7% consistent with our previous outlook as the impact of One Brands acquisition has a negligible impact on earnings in 2019. That concludes my financial discussions, and I will turn it back to Michelle.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Steve. We remain confident in our strategies and in our ability to deliver our financial commitments for the year. We are pleased with the progress we have made over the past two years. But we continue to operate with a healthy dissatisfaction that drives us to push and elevate the business even further. I continue to be energized by the opportunities presented by this rapidly changing environment and the power of our amazing brands and remarkable people to capitalize on this change to unlock new opportunities for the future. We will continue to focus on delivering today and building for the future in a way that is consistent with our values and purpose. Steve, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Hi there. So I guess in thinking ahead a little bit, Hershey’s already discussed some incremental pricing for 2020 roughly 2% on average. In terms of volume, the SKU rationalization drag I think is behind you at this point. The volume elasticity from the previous pricing, I think is largely behind you. And as Hershey's you have talked about a stepped up brand investment quite a bit. I do recognize there will be some volume elasticity on the new pricing increase, could be a partial offset a little bit on volume going forward. So, I was just hoping you could just comment maybe even more broadly on how sort of all of these factors are expected to come together in terms of how we think about volume moving forward. At a high level do it seem like volume could at least be maybe flattish or given the puts and takes if not a bit better, or the discrete maybe other volumes headwinds we should be aware of maybe it's Easter timing or things along those lines? Thanks so much.
Michele Buck: Yes, I think if we think about our retail takeaway trends and revenue going forward, I think that there is no reason to expect that to - the trends wouldn't be similar with what we have been seeing and are seeing here in the back half of this year. As you think about going from 2019 into 2020, clearly, we will gain a little bit from SKU wrap being behind us. We lose a little bit in terms of Easter and going through a shorter Easter. But net, net, I think those are two of the single biggest changes you are right, that pricing kind of continues at a pretty steady pace. So I think it's fair to assume that the trends would be roughly similar to what we have been seeing during the back half of the year.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And those trends in the back half have been around consumption. I think it's been, I guess what you say today around 2ish or a little above 2ish more or less? Is that fair?
Michele Buck: Yes, exactly. That is fair. I think we have always said 1.5 to two of growth we would get from North America and yes, retail takeaway trend is around 2%.
Andrew Lazar: Great. Thank you so much.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Thank you and Michelle, congrats on the added title and responsibilities.
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Ken Goldman: I wanted to ask two questions. One, sort of the mechanics of the gross margin impact on a benefit that you got into 2Q was originally expected to reverberate and hit 3Q, now you're mentioning 4Q as a bigger impact. Can you walk through the mechanics of that, because to me, it was more of a fixed cost absorption benefit, and I just don't understand how the timing is delayed by a few months so that would be helpful? and then I have a follow-up.
Steve Voskuil: Sure, yes, happy to take that one. As we talked about the second quarter, and as you said Ken really two pieces there, one mix driven, we were selling a richer mix for us of instant consumable that was a benefit for us and then the inventory build both our inventory build in the second quarter and third-party inventories. We expected to see more of that inventory come down in the third quarter and we got a little bit of that benefit back probably about a third of what we expected. We expect more inventory reduction in the fourth quarter and that is really the reason for the delay. With more inventories we got into the third quarter, both in third-party and ours, it took longer to bleed it out.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thank you for that. And then my follow-up, Steve, is on the always exciting topic of working capital, but if you look at working capital forget inventory for a second, because I know there is timing issue there. But I look at your payables on a last 12 months basis and a percentage of COGS they have been decreasing for lowest they have been in a few years. Your last 12 months receivables as a percentage of sales is at a highest they have been in over decades. So can you just walk us through what is going on with these items that is running a little bit less favorably for you at least as I look at it and maybe what the opportunity is to turn them around?
Steve Voskuil: Yes, it's a great question. If you look at say the phase for the balance sheet and cash flow today, I think networking capital year-over-year through nine-months is about $10 million drag across all three of those components. And if you stick strap one there, so one sort of clouds up the numbers a little bit. It's just a slight positive cash generator year-over-year, but inside that you're exactly right we have opportunities to be more efficient on working capital. I think inventory in particular is one within our cross years and think about the future. But we do feel they need to be efficient in working capital as one of the sources of funding that helps funding investments and the other thing we want to do with the business. So you can expect we will try to talk more about that as we think about 2020 plans and beyond.
Ken Goldman: Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: Hey good morning folks and thanks for sliding me in, I appreciate it. I wanted to I guess come back to the direction of the question that Mr. Lazar was asking in terms of price contribution as we look into next year, but first kind of close out this year. Do you still expect to see roughly 250 bps of price contributions in North America for this fiscal year?
Michele Buck: No, in the fourth quarter, yes, not for - the full-year was always around more 1.5%, because of the time it takes for pricing to build. So we took 2.5% as we mentioned till that hits fully through the year because of price protection timing we expected more like 1.5 on the annual basis to even out the year.
Jason English: And that price protection timing. How much longer does it run for, is it not behind us now?
Steve Voskuil: Largely behind us as we exit the third quarter, but there is still inventory that will be getting run down into fourth quarter, some of which was still price protected, I would say largely behind us.
Jason English: Right. So I guess that is the component what I'm just having a hard time bridging because we have got the bracket changes of 50 bps, the gum, et cetera and sugar confection, we have got to weighed out benefit. And we should start to see what price protection behind us albeit volumes muted, because the inventory reduction, I would expect to see some of that single serve pricing come through. If you add all that up and it's a much bigger chunk than say 250 bps in the fourth quarter. What am I missing in the math, and maybe what I'm missing is just sort of reinvestment, or reinvest in SG&A, maybe there is reinvestment in above the line type investment as well. If you could help me understand that I would really appreciate it.
Steve Voskuil: I will take the bigger - the total P&L side and then we can talk about - if Melissa wants to add on the growth line. When you look at the fourth quarter P&L in total, you have got a couple of headwinds. One is the incentives that we mentioned on the call, that was an impact in the third quarter, will also be a drag in the fourth quarter. We have got a tax drag in the fourth quarter, this year we had a lot of our tax planning benefit across the first three quarters. Last year, the fourth quarter was a big tax planning quarter. And so that by itself is order of magnitude an $0.08 drag. So you have those two pieces working against, we will have some more DME investments in the fourth quarter, similar to what we saw here. And then that gross margin, roughly reversal from the second quarter. That Ken talked about just a few minutes ago. So from a total P&L standpoint below sales, those are some of the big drivers driving the I would say deceleration in the fourth quarter P&L. Melissa, you want to add anything on the top-line specifically?
Melissa Poole: Yes, just from the pricing piece. You're right in how you're thinking about the builds of last year's than this year's kind of compounding it. I guess the two pieces I would point you to is we did have most of our Halloween Business shifts in the third quarter. So that the jolt we get from that is mostly behind us. So we don't have Halloween pricing in the fourth quarter just because we don't really ship too much in the fourth quarter. And then the last piece on price protection, there is still a little bit of price protection for some of the promotional activities of our most recent price increase. So we kind of give in the third quarter would have been more around kind of base volume, time to transition to the new prices that everybody gets on everything. In the fourth quarter, there is a little bit of promotional activity that we will also deal back. So absolutely right that it should be higher than what it was so far a year-to-date and in the third quarter. But I don't know that it's enough to kind of trip you into a pretty significant pop in earning given all of the points that Steve had walked you through.
Jason English: That is helpful and the elevated trade in the fourth quarter, would we expect that to persist into next year?
Melissa Poole: No.
Jason English: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: We will now go to Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Michele Buck: Hi, Alexia.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi there. This is probably quite linked I guess to Jason’s question, but again focusing on pricing in North America, but the measured channel pricing was up pretty sharply sort of mid single-digit numbers on the whole portfolio and particularly on chocolate this time around that is obviously meaningfully higher than the 1.5 the price growth that you reported this morning. Is that just a timing effect, because of the timing of shipments or all the retailers temporarily increasing the markups on the product because of the upcoming pricing increases. And similarly the volumes were down only 2.2% in the numbers you reported this morning and that is a lot better than the mid single-digit declines that we are seeing in measured channels. So I'm just trying to figure out whether there is something going on a non-measured channels that were backed out or whether the inventory, some inventory shifts are recycling that if you could maybe speak to that? Thank you very much.
Michele Buck: Sure. So it is not a measured channel non-measured channel. There are a couple different factors going on. So first of all you right, retail takeaways is trending a little bit ahead of shipments in North America and we expected some of this and part of that is tied to the inventory contraction that is associated with our SKU rationalization program. So we knew that shipments will have a little bit of a drag there were shipments would be lighter and takeaway. We also know that as we take price, there is some retailer margin expansion from our price increase, so you do see retail prices go up slightly higher than the Hershey prices. And then some of that is just tied to the timing of that new price increase, because as you know we have got kind of the two price increases, the one from last year that hit, and then the new one, where again retail prices will go up before we see that in our data because of how we manage those price increases and allow a buy-in period.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. And I would say - all I would add is by the end of the year we expect those two to tighten up between shipments and take away.
Alexia Howard: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: We will now go to Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Growe: Hi good morning.
Michele Buck: Hi, Chris.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi. And so actually a follow-on to Alexia's question there, because related to the - what we are seeing in measured channels the increased level of price realization, we are seeing an equally or weakening volume and performance as well. So I just want to understand how that - maybe from a higher level how elasticity is playing off for you right now and then how we should read again what we are seeing in the measured channel data, which is obviously a increasing in pricing, but a much weaker volume performance overall?
Michele Buck: Yes, so what we are seeing at retail is very consistent with what our model would indicate. We normally see a conversion timeframe, when we take retail prices up, we see volume goes down, obviously we do a lot of work with one of our programming to mitigate some of that volume declines during that conversion timeframe to bring back the volume even more quickly, but typically in periods of price increase, we do see those volume declines and they are pretty much in-line with all of our elasticity models.
Melissa Poole: And just to build on that Chris and we can talk with this a little bit more offline, because there is some extra noise in the third quarter, but if you kind of break them into pieces, and think about last year's price increase, the price of that retailer are to Michele’s point pretty much in-line with expectations. So they are a little bit ahead of us as retailers are expanding margins, but nothing out of bound by any stretch. I think a lot of the noise in this quarter there is some timing of promotional activity where there were some losses and some higher prices on promotion that you're seeing place through for why those retail prices are a little bit more elevated in the in the quarter, year-to-date they are pretty much in-line with what we are seeing on the P&L, but a little bit of noise in the quarter. And then especially this most recent price increase to the timing of the protection causes a pretty big disconnect as they start rising prices and we don't see that in our P&L right away. So overall feeling really good they are where we expected, it is just there is a little bit more noise in this quarter.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then just a quick follow-on in terms of how that relates to the gross margin, as I think about the fourth quarter, you have a bit of an easy comparison on the gross margin, have you given indication in terms of your pricing in relation to cost inflation, kind of how that stands today, you talk about input cost being down and then what that would mean for a full-year gross margin and we can kind of imply what it could mean for the fourth quarter.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I mean our full-year gross margin guidance isn't unchanging. We kind of said in the order of 100 basis points year-over-year, and we are just sort of tracking to that. I'd say there is nothing new relative to commodities versus price, we are playing out the way we expected, again because we have got the hedging program against some of the commodities that smooths out and give some forward visibility, so not a lot of change there. I don't know if that answers your question.
Chris Growe: Yes, it does. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Thank you. And I will second your remarks Michelle, on Take5.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Robert Moskow: Yes. And, in my channel checks, what I keep hearing is that actual physical shopping trips to stores are on the rise, which is not what you would expect with the growth of e-commerce and I think that is a positive for your business, more impulse purchases. And then secondly, I saw on the data that it looks like your points of distribution are rising. You didn't really talk about those in your prepared remarks. Can you comment on those two things and would you confirm or not?
Michele Buck: Yes, I think as you look at the IRI data it can be - there is a little bit of noise in that this year, because of the standup packaging bag transition where we had an overlap of inventories transitioning from the old lay down bags to the stand up bags. So we are always pushing to drive against distribution, getting additional points of distribution and actually additional disruptive placements in-store primarily. So we did have a program at one of our big retailers where we got significantly expanded distribution points around the front end, but it’s a little bit of both, we are expanding some distribution with some customer specific programs, but there is also - it probably looks a little higher in the numbers in the IRI data than actually is just because of that conversion on stand up bags.
Robert Moskow: Thanks, try to see you up. So net-net it is a little higher, but it might be temporary or it's a -.
Michele Buck: No, I would kind of say it's higher, but not as high as the numbers would show. So there is growth, but it's just not as high as the total IRI looks.
Robert Moskow: Okay, and physical shopping fixed stores, I think IRI also indicates that people are going to stores more frequently.
Michele Buck: Yes, we are seeing some good signs there, relatives consumers and I think as consumers are shopping on omni-channel basis we see them in-stores, also looking at the retailers websites, while they are in-store, so we are seeing a lot more of that versus a net shift.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Alright. Very good. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible] with RBC. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, good morning, everyone. Michelle maybe you can just give us some perspective on some channel dynamics, maybe just talk about what you're seeing in big box and the convenience per channel. And then maybe Steve, if you could just address, no one recently talk about inflation and a sided sugar and milk prices. So I just wanted to get your thoughts around that kind of what you guys are seeing and if you are hedged for 2020. Thank you.
Steve Voskuil: Sure.
Michele Buck: Yes, so if we look from a channel perspective, we are really seeing growth across most all classes of trade, with the exception of drug which tends to be a little bit soft, particularly given some of the strategies and actions taken focus in that class of trade. I would say particular strength in big box, for sure. In club stores and in the dollar class of trade, but pretty much growth across everything except for drug.
Steve Voskuil: And Nick on the commodity side. Obviously we are watching commodity prices very closely as we put together our plans for 2020. Hedging gives us some visibility. I think probably the biggest takeaway across that group is that as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we have got a tailwind this year on Coco. But if you look at the Coco prices today versus the last 12 to 24 months they are higher and so at minimum, we are not likely to have a tailwind in 2020 that we have been able to enjoy this year on Coco. Hedging will help to smooth out that transition and we will get more guidance on commodities in general as we get closer to 2020.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Good morning thank for the question.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
John Baumgartner: Why don’t dig into the ONE Brands acquisition a bit, because that nutrition bar space is increasingly crowded. Can you speak a bit to the diligence that went into that and how you're thinking about the competitive tension there, how you think one stands out and maybe how you're envisioning growing that business, whether it's in distribution channels or different product formats?
Michele Buck: Absolutely. So we continue to be excited with the growth that we are seeing in that snack bar segment and particularly if you look across total snack bars, and you really dissect that market, you see that the real sweet spot where that has the strongest growth is that high protein, and particularly high protein with low sugar. So I think my first direction would be to kind of dissect within that category to say where is the sweet spot where we think that there really is growth and we certainly think that there is room to have a couple brands that play in that space in the marketplace consistent with other categories. What we really liked about it is, it's very consistent and fits right into our stated desire for scale to growing assets in attractive categories that give us access to incremental snacking occasions. High protein, low sugar it provides on the go convenience, it also gives us a play in the morning snacking occasion where we are underdeveloped. We like a lot that that business has a strong presence and growth in e-commerce and non-traditional channels, which again provides some incrementalality for us and we certainly like the growth rates that we are seeing on this business. We think it fits in a nice sweet spot for us in terms of where we can add value, because there is still a distribution opportunity. So I'd say job one, as we look at growing the business is securing that incremental measured distribution expansion, continuing to build on the brands equity, we like the fact that this asset has good margins that are in-line with Hershey margins and that is one thing that has always been important to us to the kind of businesses that we run best, and then of course we will capture any opportunities for supply chain and procurement synergy. So we see it as a platform that has - our primary focus for growth will be around to close in - at least for the next several years the close in driving against the core. So unlike perhaps some of the other assets in that space where maybe some of their focus is expanding to a lot of other categories. I think there is a lot of upside expanding within snack bars. But then later some opportunity to take that one trademark more broadly in terms of the platform it stands for.
John Baumgartner: Is it fair to think just given you know how in the bar business already that this is something you could repatriate overtime internally in-house?
Michele Buck: I mean, we certainly make a lot of bars and that technology of kind of slab and slip is something certainly we do well. So we always take an approach of getting our arms around the business and then looking at how we leverage repatriating for opportunity whenever and if it is appropriate.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thanks for your time.
Operator: We will now go to Steven Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Strycula: Hi, good morning.
Michele Buck: Hi, Steve.
Steven Strycula: So I have a question, Michelle, could you walk us around the globe, some of your key markets internationally such as Brazil, China and Mexico, just give us a feel for how Hershey is performing versus the competition or whether you're seeing more competitive dynamics or macro acceleration, deceleration, multinational brands versus local, because you called out specifically Brazil, but be helpful to understand the dynamics across Brazil, China and Mexico and then I have a follow-up?
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say across all of our international markets, we are feeling good and performing well, in most of those markets we are gaining share. For some of my highlights in my opening comments, we feel particularly good about Mexico where we have strong, very strong growth with a real focus on Hershey’s Pelo Rico, but we are seeing growth in India in China. Brazil is really the market that is been challenged given that combination of macroeconomic as well as some competitive activity around deep discounting where we have just made some choices around. Investing additionally, but still being very rational about balance top and bottom line. But I feel good growth and good share progress in all the other markets.
Steven Strycula: Okay, and just to clarify, was Brazil more of a multinational or a local competition?
Michele Buck: Yes, Brazil is more multinational competition.
Steven Strycula: Okay. And then to close out a question on pricing, I know you guys have three levers you pulled for pricing this year that are kind of cascading or phasing in throughout the year and then we have another piece from the price increase announced this summer. So can help us understand as we go from fourth quarters into the first half of next year how do we stack pricing on top of pricing. So basically, when does it peek out versus when does it starts to kind of like normalize to a more moderate rate? Thank you.
Michele Buck: So we will start to see the pricing come into our P&L mostly as we get into Q1 and flow from there. So Q1 should be a little bit higher, but I would expect on an annual basis, you're going to see similar to what we saw with our last price increase of around 2%. That we will see on an annual basis next year. And it will build we won't get from the second price increase any impact this year. But as we go into next year, you will see that build in the marketplace.
Steven Strycula: Thank you very much.
Michele Buck: Does that, answer your question?
Steven Strycula: It does. Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to David Palmer with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: [Technical Difficulty] on 2019 is coming to an end here. How do you think this year will shape up versus what you think will be a typical year for your growth in terms of the complexion of the growth. On the phase of it looks like there has been some nice pricing gains relative to input inflation, you even had some pretty clever way of doing pricing with a stand up bags and that weighed out there. You are reinvesting heavily in advertising, you're getting some very nice growth out of your Reese's trademark, which is sort of the trademark of growth of your year. So in some ways it feels like an unusual period in terms of reinvestment room and reinvestment behind what might be your best trademark there and in some ways you might be thinking about a different type of growth going forward. Any thoughts there would be helpful?
Michele Buck: Yes, I guess as I think about the growth model this year and then the growth model for next year, I would say that there are some similarities and I can call of a few differences. So think in terms of similarities pricing certainly this year, pricing will play a key role next year. So I think that is kind of one platform that you can think is even though taking a little bit differently comparable on a year-to-year basis. While we don't get into specific guidance, we are continuing to look for strategy to continue to reinvest and invest in our brands and capabilities and certainly, that will be a priority for us next year as it was this year. We always focus on trying to achieve that balance between driving our everyday brands and really driving the core brands. So you should continue to expect to see strong support and programming around Reese when you have built a brand that is $2 billion in revenue. There will always be a focus on that brand just because of how big a pieces it is at the portfolio but also support by some of our other big brands. We talked about Kit Kat Duos and Kit Kat will certainly be a brand that will have a lot of focus next year as well. So I think a lot of commonality in terms of some of those elements that you called out, I think relative to growth where the biggest differences are is more around the timing of Easter, which is a little bit of a heard about half a point for next year, but then the benefit around SKU wrapped cycling which is a help. Does that provides perspective?
David Palmer: Yes. No that is. That is helpful. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Good morning. Thank you. Could you just touch on your thinking on the consumer marketing spending is obviously up very strongly in the quarter. But looking at the last few years it's typically been 7%, 7.5% of sales and 2018 was just a little bit of 6%. Should we expect it to get back above a 7% level or are some of the increase this year a little more one off. Can you just give us a sense of how sticky it is and where your optimal range might be. And then just related to that what were some of the things that changed last year where there were the cutbacks and what are some of the things that are coming back or maybe this year in terms of how you're deploying the spending?
Michele Buck: So our kind of stated strategy around marketing investment is to grow in-line or slightly ahead of our sales growth. So to grow the dollar investment in-line or slightly ahead. There can be some noise around that, because sometimes we are able to get efficiencies in how we are buying and so we can actually get greater impressions than the dollar budget. So it's not always perfect, but I would say that is overall how you should think about it. When we took our spend back from 7%, 7.5% down to 6% there were two key places that the spends really came out of, one was we did start gaining some efficiencies as we started developing some of our creative in-house and also some media efficiencies from very strengthen targeting capabilities. And then we also cut back on some of the smaller emerging brands where we believe that frankly we were over investing beyond what we should. As you look at where we are now and the reinstatement of spend, you will certainly see that in terms of strength behind the core brands, but then also really tapping into unleash some of our smaller brands like a ROLO, HEATH bands that have been around forever, brands that are very stable and with a slight amount of increase in advertising we can drive some significant growth. So that is I would say where the biggest priorities of reinvestment has been.
Michael Lavery: Just when you talk about some of the cuts on emerging brands, could you give any examples of what those might have been?
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say, let’s say KRAVE would be an example, some of the emerging brands that we have in our Amplify portfolio. Some of our snack mixes that were in the warehouse isle under the Reese or Hershey trademark, things like that.
Michael Lavery: That is helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will now got to with Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Hi Ken.
Steve Voskuil: Good morning.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just a one follow-up question here. On the thin platforms can you talk about how broad that could be to other products, how big you think that could be. It just seems like that is something very similar to the expansion of other products that you have and other real opportunity that this can actually become a bigger product offerings. Can you talk about that?
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So, we feel great, first of all about Reese’s performance in the marketplace, it is on-track with our expectations, we are seeing signs of sustainability and incrementality. So certainly we always look as we develop innovation to see if there is an opportunity to develop the platform and certainly this does feel like one that could cut across multiple brands and that certainly an opportunity that we are evaluating?
Kenneth Zaslow: How big do you think the platforms can be, can you put any like parameters around it about which brands it can go to? It just seems like there is a lot that can be happening with this. Can you kind of put some parameters to it and I will leave it there?
Michele Buck: Yes, I mean, I think there are multiple brands that can go to, I think what we always try and focus on with our platform is not spreading it too far. But having it focused on a couple brands where it really makes the most sense. And clearly, if you look at the history of how we have built other platforms in the past and just beside the brands, Reese given its size, will definitely be the largest of opportunities, but I do believe that there can be growth beyond that.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would like now to turn the call back to our speakers for any additional remarks.
Melissa Poole: Hey thanks so much for joining us this morning. The team will be available today and all of next week for any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks so much.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at anytime.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company Second Quarter 2019 Results Conference Call. My name is Catherine, and I'll be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is scheduled to end at about 09:30 a.m. So, please limit yourself to one question, so we can get to as many of you as possible. Please note, this call may be recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Poole, you may begin your conference.
Melissa Poole: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company second quarter 2019 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Steve Voskuil, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in these forward-looking statements contained in our 2018 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Michele.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning to all of you on the phone and webcast. First, I'd like to start by giving a special welcome to Steve. He joined the Company following our last call, and he's been a great addition to the executive leadership team. Some of you have already had the chance to meet Steve, and he and I look forward to visiting with more of you in the coming months. Now on to business. We are pleased with our second quarter results and the momentum we are seeing behind our key initiatives for this year. Our balanced plans and capability investments are enabling us to deliver accelerated sales growth and differentiated earnings performance. We are maintaining our market share leadership in our profitable U.S. confection business, and driving incremental profitable sales with our snacking and international portfolios, both of which continue to perform well. These have been and continue to be the strategic priorities of our business. And I'd like to take a minute to thank my colleagues across the business for their contribution to the strong quarter. As we look to the back half of the year, we remain confident in our ability to deliver our financial commitments for the year. In the second quarter, net sales increased 0.9%, in line with our expectations. Organic constant currency net sales growth of approximately 1.8% was driven by pricing and the launch of key innovation, including Reese's Thins and Reese's Lovers, as well as our new packaged candy bags. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a 60 basis-point headwind as the Tyrrells and Shanghai Golden Monkey divestitures offset our Pirate Brands acquisition. The majority of the impact of these divestitures has been realized, and we expect the net impact of M&A to be a benefit for the remainder of the year. Foreign currency exchange was a 30 basis-point headwind in the second quarter. We had another strong quarter of gross margin expansion, which enabled brands and capability investments as well as robust earnings growth. While some of our second quarter margin and earnings gains were training related, the underlying trends remained solid. This strong gross margin expansion of almost 200 basis points drove second quarter adjusted EPS growth of 14.9%. Steve will share more details around second quarter gross margin performance as well as our expectations for the rest of the year. As we've previously discussed, price realization is a strategic focus area for us. The price increase we announced last summer remains on track, and the final portion is implementing now as we execute our Halloween program. Additionally, last week, we announced a new price increase on our confection instant consumables business. These products represent roughly one-third of our overall sales, and they were priced high-single-digits, contributing to an estimated two points of pricing to our overall portfolio. Consistent with previous practices, we will have a transition period for our retailers to adjust to these new prices, and we do not expect a material, sales or earnings impact in 2019 from this pricing action. We anticipate category retail prices for these impulse items to begin to increase in the second half of the year. These actions reinforce our commitment to a more agile approach to pricing strategy that protects our advantaged margin structure while enabling continued investments in our brands and capabilities to drive category growth. Other key initiatives on our U.S. confection business are also progressing well and on track. Retail takeaway was slightly ahead of our expectations coming out of Easter, due to accelerated activation of our Reese's Lovers in and out promotion. For IRI, Hershey candy, mint and gum retail sales, increased 1.9% versus prior year, since the Easter season ended. This was in line with overall category growth of 1.9%, resulting in flat shift. This growth was led by our powerful Reese's franchise, which grew 12% during the time period behind our new packaged candy bags, our Reese's Thins innovation, and or Reese's Lovers instant consumable promotion. Our new packaged candy bags are on shelf at all major retailers. And we are pleased with the increased branding and improved shopability that we are seeing to-date. We are also excited by the response we are seeing from increased media on some of our smaller iconic brands. These profitable brands are a tremendous asset for us that deliver unique consumer proposition, and incrementality to our portfolio. We are leveraging our new media capabilities, both for content, as well as targeting, and increased investment to drive growth on many of these brands. Over the past year and a half, we've increased support on our Almond Joy, Mounds, York, Payday and Twizzlers brands. Our strong gross margin performance has enabled us to support additional brands, Heath and Rolo, in the second quarter. Early results are encouraging with our Heath brand growing 37% and our Rolo brand growing over 7% over the last four weeks. While not all of this growth is incremental, having more brands in our portfolio, staying relevant with our consumers and growing is critical to our overall category leadership. Our e-commerce business continues to perform well, with second quarter net sales growth of over 60%. Customer-specific data, as well as industry reports indicate that our growth is consistently outpacing competition by 10 to 15 basis points in 2019. As we look to the second half of 2019, we expect to build on last year’s seasonal success with solid performance in Halloween and holiday. Additional Kit Kat capacity is further enhancing our assortment bags for Halloween and enabling our Kit Kat Mint Duos innovation that was launched towards the end of the year. Now for an update on our Amplify and Pirate Brands acquisitions. Per IRI, SkinnyPop ready-to-eat popcorn grew approximately 10% in the second quarter, resulting in a share gain of over 100 basis points. We continue to focus on expanding distribution and optimizing our shelf placement, which is leading to consistent gain in household penetration. As we discussed on our April call, Pirate’s Booty sales performance has declined recently due to distribution losses at a few key retailers and the lapping of some significant promotional activity from prior year. The distribution of losses occurred during the sales transition, but we remain confident that trends will improve in the second half as planograms reset and year-over-year promotional activity normalizes. Retail sales trends for the latest four weeks are already improving versus the last 12 weeks, and expect that that will continue to improve. Now, for an update on our international business. Constant currency organic sales grew 8.3% in the second quarter. And we continue to demonstrate disciplined investment, resulting in segment operating income growth of 32% versus prior year. In Mexico, we grew our net sales high-single-digits in the second quarter, behind continued strength in our core chocolate business, and the launch of a new Pelon Pelo Rico flavor. In Canada, our Reese's brand eclipsed Kit Kat and is now the number one brand. Our Reese's brand is also seeing great momentum in the UK, recently receiving the Gold IPM award for best new product launch for Easter Reese's Creme Egg. We will continue to focus on our core brand equities to drive profitable sales growth in the second half and beyond. To wrap up, we have good momentum across all of our key strategies, with strong financial results in the second quarter. We will continue to invest in our brands and our capabilities to take this business to the next level and drive sustainable top and bottom line growth. I'll now turn it over to Steve who will provide you with details on our financial results. 
Steve Voskuil: Thank you, Michele. Good morning, everyone. Before I get started, I'd like to take a few minutes to say how excited I am to be part of the Hershey team. Hershey is a great company with strong brands, leading marketing positions and a balanced approach to profitable growth. I've been energized by the talented team here and their passion for innovation, growth and transformation. I look forward to partnering with Michele, our Board and the whole team to achieve our strategic vision, and deliver strong and sustainable shareholder return. Now, on to the financial results. Second quarter net sales of $1.8 billion increased 0.9% versus the same period last year. Organic constant currency net sales growth of 1.8% was driven by net price realization of 1.2 points and volume growth of 60 basis points. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a 60 basis-point headwind and foreign currency translation was a 30 basis-point headwinds. These results were all in line with expectations. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted were $1.31, an increase of 14.9% versus the same period last year. This was driven primarily by gross margin expansion, and was ahead of expectation, driven by two key factors related to the price increase we announced last week. First, a few select customers increased inventory on our most profitable items in anticipation of a price increase, while total retail inventory levels were not up significantly from prior year. We benefited from positive mix for the quarter. Second, we increased internal inventory levels to support more demand from our retailers in the coming weeks as we transitioned to the new prices, which resulted in favorable fixed cost absorption. About 90 basis points of our gross margin expansion in the second quarter can be attributed to these two factors, and is expected to be offset in the second half, primarily Q3 as the internal and external inventory levels normalize. We are pleased with underlying momentum against our margin expansion initiatives, the business reinvestment it is enabling and the balanced top and bottom-line growth it is driving. By segment, North America net sales increased 0.5% versus the same period last year, driven by pricing, which contributed 1.5 points of growth in the quarter. Volume was a 50 basis-point headwind, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a 30 basis-point headwind, and foreign currency exchange rates or 20 basis-point headwind. These results were in line with expectations. North America gross margins expanded 180 basis points in the second quarter. As I mentioned, about half of this was driven by favorable product mix and fixed cost absorption related to the price increase we announced last week and is expected to reverse in the second half, primarily Q3. The remaining 90 basis-point expansion was consistent with expectations and was driven by favorable commodities, price realization from our July 2018 price increase, and improved ways as we continue to execute our SKU rationalization program. These factors are expected to continue contributing to solid underlying gross margin expansion in the second half, though will be partially offset by the reversal of Q2 gains from product mix and fixed cost absorption, as well as some additional supply chain costs associated with fully integrating Pirate Brands into our operations. North America advertising and related consumer marketing expenses increased 2.7% in the quarter, driven primarily by advertising. We expect dollar investment to continue to accelerate as we move through the year due to the lapping of last year's media efficiency gains and increased investment in our confection brands. Second quarter total International and Other segment’s net increased 3.9%, driven by volume gains of 960 basis points. This was partially offset by a 320 basis-point headwind from divestitures, a 130 basis-point headwind from net price realization and a 120 basis-point foreign currency exchange headwind. Organic constant currency net sales in our focus markets, Mexico, Brazil, India and China, grew 5% versus the second quarter of 2018. International and Other advertising and related consumer marketing increased 38% versus prior year. Most of this increase is driven by increased investment to support Ramadan in EMEA, our India Kisses launch and timing of consumer marketing spending. Total Hershey adjusted gross profit increased 5.3%, resulting in an adjusted gross margin of 46.5%, an increase of 200 basis points versus the second quarter of 2018. As mentioned, approximately half of this expansion was driven by favorable product mix and fixed cost absorption that are expected to reverse in the second half. The remainder was driven by favorable commodities, price realization from our July 2018 price increase, and efficiencies from our SKU rationalization initiatives. Given the progress we have made year-to-date and our visibility into the second half, we now expect full year gross margin to increase approximately 100 basis points. Second quarter adjusted operating profit of $370 million resulted in operating profit margin of 20.9%, an increase of 150 basis points versus the second quarter of 2018. Gross margin gains and continued SG&A discipline were partially offset by incremental advertising on our confection brands. Moving down the P&L, interest expense of $34 million decrease $1 million versus Q2 last year. Full year 2019 interest expense is now expected to be in the $140 million to $145 million range due to lower interest rate. The adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 14.8% versus 16% in the year ago period. These declines were driven primarily by valuation allowance releases, and access tax benefits from stock-based compensation, partially offset by fewer tax credit investments. Second quarter other expense was $13 million, a decrease of $8 million versus prior year due to fewer tax credit investments. We now expect our full year 2019 tax rate to be approximately 18% versus our previous estimate of 17%. However, we also expect our full-year other expense to decline to $80 million to $90 million as we expect fewer tax credit investments. The net impact to the full year of these two changes is expected to be negligible versus our previous estimate. For the second quarter of 2019, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 211 million. This is a slight increase versus the first quarter due to an increased number of stock option exercises in the quarter. The Company did not repurchase any shares in the second quarter against our July 2018, $500 million authorization and $410 million remaining. The Company repurchased $56 million of common shares in the second quarter in connection with the exercise of stock options. Total capital additions, including software were $176 million in the second quarter. For the full year 2019, we estimate cap adds to be towards the high-end of our $330 million to $350 million range. As a percent of net sales, this remains slightly higher than our long-term target, as we continue to implement our new ERP systems and invest in core capacity. We continued to return cash to our shareholders with second quarter dividends of $149 million. This was our 358th consecutive quarterly dividend on the common stock. Additionally, this morning, we announced a 7% dividend increase, a testament to our solid balance sheet and strong cash flow generation. To summarize, for the full year, we expect full year reported net sales to grow around 2%, the midpoint of our previously communicated range. We continue to anticipate approximately a 0.5-point net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures and the full year FX impact to be negligible, based on foreign exchange rates. Full year reported earnings per share-diluted are expected to be around $5.58, comparable to prior year. We expect full year adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of around 6% to 7%, the top half of our previous range. As we look to the second half, we want to highlight a few areas where we expect trends to vary versus the first half. Underlying gross margin is expected to continue to build as pricing builds. However, recall we expect approximately half of the Q2 expansion to reverse in the second half, primarily Q3. Advertising and related consumer marketing expense is expected to grow more in the second half than the first half as we lap media efficiencies from last year, as well as increase support on our core confection brands. Given current sales and EPS guidance, compensation is anticipated to be a headwind in the second half of 2019 versus the second half of 2018. Due to the timing of tax strategies, we expect the second half net tax impact to be unfavorable versus prior year. For the full year, we continue to expect a slight benefit to EPS, from tax. That concludes my financial discussions. And I'll now turn it back to Michele.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Steve. We had a strong start to the year. The actions we are taking to drive core confection momentum, to capture growth via incremental portfolios and regions, and to invest in our brands and capabilities will continue to drive this business forward. We have a portfolio of beloved brands and amazing team of individuals that are excited and proud to come to work every day. And we remain focused on achieving balanced sales and earnings growth to continue delivering peer leading shareholder returns. Steve, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody, and welcome, Steve. As you noted, consumption in North America was a bit above shipments, organic growth. And I assume some of that was certain things like SKU rationalization and such. But, I guess, with SKU rationalization, I think, expected to moderate some in the second half and pricing expected to build and certainly a greater level of innovation that will hit as well, given some of the, I guess, understatement, if you will in 2Q relative to takeaway, I guess, why wouldn't organic sales in North America, not necessarily keep, let's say a similar level of momentum, as we've seen more recently? And then, just, I may have missed it, but the incremental pricing that you've announced, is that all list pricing or similar to last year's pricing, where it was a mix of all the various revenue management levers? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Andrew, it's Michele. Hey. So, let me get your first one -- your second part of your question first. The incremental pricing is indeed all list pricing. So, that's a pretty simple one. As we look in our consumption and our sales, let me start with, as we told you in the past, on a full year basis, we always expect our net sales and our takeaway to be relatively in line. But we continue as we have in the past, again this year, to have some volatility from a quarter-to-quarter basis. I guess, the easiest way that I would advise you to think about it is, if you look at our takeaway trends, first half second half and you see that basically on our CMG business, we were up first half about 2.6%. So, we all know that about 1 point of that was driven by Easter. If you take the first half minus the Easter bump, we expect that same underlying trend to continue in the back part of the year. So, we think we're going to have -- continue to have pretty solid takeaway on a full year basis. There are several puts and takes as you look at the net sales piece relative to a little bit less SKU ramp in the second half, but at the same time, we are -- have a bit of a harder ramp as we lapped some of those seasons, and as you recall how strong seasons were in the back half of the year last year, some inventory related things in the second quarter, but by full year ends, we think it'll level out as it has in the past.
Operator: We'll now go to Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi. Good morning. You said you don't expect a material sales impact from the new pricing action this year. But, I think, I also heard you say that category retail -- retail prices for these impulse items will increase in the second half of the year. So, I wanted to reconcile this a little bit, if I could. Are your customers taking up their pricing before you are? If so, why are you protecting your pricing? I just wanted to clarify when you expect wholesale and retail net prices to rise, and if there is any synchronicity with each other?
Michele Buck: So, we do expect that we will see some impact at retail on the everyday business, particularly in the fourth quarter. But, as you know, as you look at the back half of our year, we are heavily weighted towards seasons. So, seasons is a much bigger piece of the portfolio than the everyday piece. So, we expect we’ll see some there. But, we also do some price promotion protecting. So, many of our retailers have price promotions, trade promotions that they have booked that we've committed to six months out, sometimes slightly more. And we do price protect those promotions, when we go out with our pricing action. So, that's why you don't see the full impact. Again, we believe the impact will not be material to us.
Ken Goldman: But, will the increased retail prices -- and maybe you're saying that there really won't be because they’ll be built back. So, I just want to understand, will that potentially lead to a situation where you're not getting the pricing yet, but retail prices are going up and therefore your volume could get hurt because of some elasticity trends? Again, I just want to make sure I'm understanding all the puts and takes here from a net pricing perspective?
Michele Buck: There's a little bit of impact there, but it's minimal and all the pricing is baked into the guidance.
Ken Goldman: Okay. I'll let it go. Thanks so much.
Operator: And we’ll now go to David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Thank you. And good morning, and welcome Steve. So, nice to have you on the call, nice quarter to join the Company. Can you talk a little bit about the pricing and the impact on the king size bars. I think, as we understand it, the king size bars will break the $2 price point, the over $2 and this may cause some down trading. So, just kind of building on Ken's question, just trying to understand the impact of the price increase here and how it affects the loose bar portfolio. Is this something where -- can you just walk us through these impacts, as I find it kind of complicated? King size was always such an important component of your loose bar business, so profitable. So, if it forces some down trading to the standard bar, walk me through the impact on how you see the price increase playing through on this issue?
Michele Buck: So, David, we have pretty sophisticated price elasticity modeling that we do. Whenever we take any price action, including this one, that model takes a look at the impact of crossing key price thresholds, it also takes a look at the relationship between regular counts, the single bar and the king size because there's an impact there. It looks that other competitive items in the marketplace and any impacts there. So, all of that is taken into account as we do those elasticity models that help us to predict the conversion curve. And then, we also take a look at that. And in some cases, if there's an area where we think we need it, part of our total pricing action could include some level of reinvestment in trade on specific areas to either maintain the current price point. We certainly also reinvest in advertising, because we know back from the past, if we take pricing and at the same time reinvest that that also helps to accelerate the conversion curve. So, we believe all that is taken into account as we do the analysis. And you are right that on some of those businesses, some of those -- you do hit some of those issues, but we think that's fully taken into account in our plans for the marketplace.
David Driscoll: One quick follow-up on your comments on Reese's. We also understand that the Reese's Lovers promotion was very successful. But ironically, the criticism that I heard was that it was such a good product, people were disappointed -- the retailers were disappointed, they couldn't reorder it. Can you give us some thoughts as to what you do with something like this that’s gone this well? Is there any thoughts in making any part of that promotion and everyday part of the lineup, or do you just repeat the promotion sometime in the future? How do you think about that?
Michele Buck: So, David, it's certainly a great problem to have. And we will evaluate all of those things. Interestingly, there is sometimes a good thing to have something consumers love and they look forward to seeing it return to the marketplace. And I think frequently, we found that that's a really good strategy to employ. It was a great in and out promotion. And we could do it again in the future. So, we'll be evaluating those options -- all options to determine whether something like that should become permanent or we just leverage it to keep news and excitement, which is key in this category.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English: I guess, I want to come back to the price increases as well and focus a little bit more on what's different this time. Looking back at some of the pricing cycles, particularly on single-serve, arguably, they were all cost justified? And we don’t certainly see kind of what the cost justification is for this magnitude of pricing in single-serve. So, question number one is, are we missing some sort of cost pressure out there that necessitates this price? And if not, without the cost pressure, how might this be different? Do you expect to have to deal back more to reinvest more to keep retailers happy, or do you expect the relationship with retailers to be very similar to what we see in the past cycles?
Michele Buck: As we shared, we’ve evolved our pricing approach from one in the past that was very much -- much more cost and commodity driven to much more of a strategic pricing capability, where we think strategically across the portfolio at where we have opportunity, on an ongoing basis more than versus that kind of episodic approach. But we approach it in much the same way as we have in the past in terms of how it gets impacted and executed through retail. And I wouldn't anticipate that we would see any type of different scenario versus other times when we price instant consumables in the marketplace. We haven’t priced that part of the portfolio for probably more than five years. And we expect to see similar results based on what we've seen in our elasticity models.
Jason English: And looking back to the 2014 hike or even the 2011, the buy-in period -- the protection period was eight weeks in duration for both of those cycles, and it effectively caused the deferral of the P&L flow through benefit by one quarter. So, you announced in July last time, by the fourth quarter, we actually saw material flow through of price benefit. You're suggesting, this time will be different. It seems the entire thing is kind of consistent. So, what's the disconnect there? Why shouldn't we be expecting a more material benefit coming in the fourth quarter?
Michele Buck: I mean, we expect that we will see some impact in Q4, but we don't do view impact to be material. And I think some of that will be associated with what -- some of that varies on how much we see relative to what kind of inventory position people are carrying and how that kind of flows through.
Melissa Poole: Jason, it's Melissa. I mean, I think, the one piece that we had talked through that was a little different than the last time is we did have retailers kind of building inventory on these packs, before we announced. So, there is a little bit more inventory in the marketplace at those old prices. So, it’ll take a little bit longer to cycle through that just because the speculation was out there in advanced. So, that is a little different from the last time.
Operator: We'll now go to Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good morning, everyone. So, just I guess a question, first, just about Reese’s Thins. It's been in the market now for I guess almost two months. And so, any sort of takeaways in terms of how that's performing in the market, better or worse than expectations and how you're thinking about that for the balance of the year?
Michele Buck: So Reese's Thins is performing well. It is exactly in line with our expectations. We are feeling good about not only the trial, but also the repeat, which is strong and building. And we believe that based on what we're seeing to-date, it will be a sustainable item for us, and that we may be able to extend further off that platform.
Bryan Spillane: So, I guess, following up on that, just in terms of extending off of that platform, is that possible to go with Thins across some other brands, maybe as we look into next year?
Michele Buck: Yes. While we don't want to make any firm commitments on our future innovation plans, I think, we clearly look at a platform -- an idea like that is something that really can be a platform that can be expanded. And if you look at how we've run platforms in the past, many times it is a basic idea that we take across brands and just allows us to get scale for merchandising, et cetera.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about -- you made a couple of comments about the popcorn brand earlier. I'm curious about the pricing on the SkinnyPop line, it seems to have come down fairly sharply in the last, I guess, three quarters or so. The rest of the category doesn’t seem to have followed. I'm wondering, if -- what the competitive dynamic were, what the thinking behind that was, and whether you anticipate needing to continue with that -- those kind of pricing strategies going forward? Thank you.
Michele Buck: So, one of the things we love about SkinnyPop and believe is a key part of the business prop is the premium pricing that we have on that brand. We are delighted that we're continuing to see really strong growth, overall strong retail growth in the double-digit range, which -- to us, which suggests that the price volume piece is working. Though this is a brand where given the channel dynamics, we can see bigger swings on promotional pricing impact in the marketplace, just given how that product skews by class of trade. For example, there's a bigger clubbed [ph] business on SkinnyPop than we're used to seeing on the rest of our portfolio. And that can drive bigger swings there. So, I wouldn't be concerned about it relative to -- that we are looking to change the pricing strategy on that brand.
Alexia Howard: And just as quick follow-up. I mean, you've made a number of diversifying snacking acquisitions of late. Are you still very actively looking for more opportunities to do that? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Yes. I believe that M&A is a key component of our growth algorithm and of our strategic vision for the Company. And we continue to stay very active in the market, investigating categories and assets. So, as you know, it's all about finding the right one. But, you can expect to continue to see us be focused on further expanding the portfolio.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Steve, I hate to be the one to greet you with an accounting question, but you're CFO. So, the benefit you had in second quarter from the inventory build, and that relates to inventory and your own inventory, right, it hasn't shipped out the door yet?
Steve Voskuil: There are two parts that we talked about on the call. The one is, retailers or distributors built some inventory. And that doesn't benefit us from fixed costs, but the mix that they built and gave us a favorable mix impact. And then, we built a bit of our own inventory, because build our inventory this time of the year anyway for Halloween. But beyond that, we built some more in anticipation of the price increase. And that's the portion that drives a fixed cost absorption benefit, basically those cost and inventory until it bleeds out in the third quarter.
Robert Moskow: So, I understand, like your volume was down in North America in the quarter but retailers were building up inventory, does that mean, it would have been worse if they hadn't been building up inventory?
Steve Voskuil: In total, inventory, the retailers didn't build, as they built it, they built some in anticipation of the price increase in -- I'd say are more profitable brands that we touched on. In total, they weren't up. And so, I don’t know if that sums around.
Michele Buck: The counting impact has more to do with our internal inventory than external inventory.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Well, then, the next question is, if it hasn't been shipped yet, how do you accrue for inventory benefits on that kind of volume? Is it like you just get better rates on your labor or better rates on your -- growing your commodities? Like, it seemed, you wouldn't enjoy that benefit until it actually shipped to a customer, but maybe I just don't understand the accounting.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. You're getting more efficiency in your plans by running more volume, and then it goes into the inventory, so off the P&L into the inventory until it comes back when you do the sale.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open.
Chris Growe: I just had a question for you in relation to the price increase. Obviously, it's well validated by competitors taking prices up too. I guess, I'm just curious, with input costs down, are you getting much pushback, say from retailers, on this pricing strategy, especially at this time when input costs are more favorable?
Michele Buck: So, our retailer conversations around pricing have gone well so far. The retailers know and appreciate that we continue to invest in our brands that we provide a lot of investments to drive category growth in terms of our category management and other investments with the customer. And we really jointly work together to drive revenue growth and profitable growth, which benefits to all of us. So, at this point in time, we're feeling good. As you know, the category has price. So, it's been a category initiative. And we're feeling good at this point.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then, the next question for you, you talked about a second half North American sales growth rate largely in line with the first half, I think ex the Easter benefit. And if I understand that right, you're going to have pricing coming through at least at that that level? You've got marketing up and new product pipeline looks pretty solid. It would seem volumes could grow in the second half of the year, although I don't think that's what you were implying. So I'm just trying to understand those -- that factor and how that could affect your second half growth rate?
Michele Buck: Sure. So, as we think about the back part of the year, I did mention that some of the last were a little bit tougher for us as we look at the back half, given the strength we had in season. There's also a bit of pipeline fill that we had in the second quarter from our new products. If you think about the new products that we had in the marketplace, we had the new packaged candy bags, we had Reese's Thins, we had Reese Lovers. Reese Lovers actually hit the market a little sooner than we anticipated; it hit in Q2. We thought more of it was going to hit in Q3. And so, those things come out of our numbers in the back half of the year. And then, if you think overall about the business, we are increasing our DME spend and we'll have impressions up similarly to the first half of the year. But it's going to cost us a little bit more on that just because we're mapping some of the efficiencies that we realized as we brought some of our creative production in-house year ago. Hope that helps.
Chris Growe: It does. Yes. Thanks so much for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Just a little bit of a follow-up on Chris's question on volume and your return on advertising. This summer is the summer of Reese's, and you've already been spending back in the quarter on advertising. And it sounds like, you’re going to be doing even more in the next quarter or two with the benefit of pricing behind you. So, I guess the question is about volume. It’s been tough to grow for a lot of players in the instant consumables area. What makes you think or how confident are you that you're going to get a volume response from this advertising in the second half? And I guess, it doesn't seem like that's baked into the numbers. So, how are you going to be judging this return on investment? Thanks.
Michele Buck: So, generally, as we price, we expect to see a different volume. That's just how the conversion works. So, the first year of pricing, you take the drop in your volume, and then the consumer kind of converts and gets used to it. Certainly, we try to accelerate that conversion curve by spending into advertising, which we have found to help -- really drive that conversion curve to be a bit stronger than it otherwise would. So, that's really what's occurring when you think about that, because our last year price impact is really what’s hitting the marketplace this year, just as this year's price impact primarily comes into the marketplace in 2020.
David Palmer: So, perhaps safer to say that you would be hoping to see a volume response as the year progresses, and perhaps that exit rate on volume is going to be how you judge this advertising push?
Michele Buck: Yes, I would say that -- yes, that progressive getting better piece towards the end would be how we judge it. Yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Michele, I just wanted to touch on the international business. The focus markets are growing mid-singles, but that's a slowdown from last year, especially in LatAm and India. So, how much of that decel would you say is just harder comps relative to anything incremental on the competitive front on the consumer side? And then, I guess secondly, the non-focus markets, I guess, the export markets. I mean, those are still in [indiscernible] part of the business and your growth seems to accelerating. And so, just what's driving that pickup? And how do you think about the export businesses fit in strategically over the longer term for you?
Michele Buck: Yes, absolutely. So, if you think about our international strategy, certainly, we believe international is an important part of our business model. And we will be continuing to focus on profitable growth across the key markets. The way we think about that business, we have scaled businesses in Canada, Mexico, and Brazil. We have a very highly profitable export business, just because we don't have those fixed costs of feet on the ground as we export. But we found that to be a very viable piece of our business model and actually growing increasingly, across the board, particularly we’ve seen a lot of strength for Reese’s brand in the UK, with very limited investment on our part. And then, the place that we're really placing bigger bets for the future are in China and India, the big emerging markets that have so much potential growth, and we're excited about those opportunities. So, yes, I would say the slowdown in the top-line growth is really a factor of, as we build scale that same kind of growth, just off a bigger base starts to drop down. But we're feeling really good about the performance across all those markets. They've been hitting expectations. India, we launched Kisses, feel good about what we're seeing there and about expanding that opportunity. So, yes, we're feeling good about that piece.
John Baumgartner: And just a follow-up on the pricing, just to be clear. It sounds like the second round of pricing you are taking is going to be in excess of commodity inflation. So, maybe thinking about benefit net of inflation for next year on your margins, or are you going to spend that back elsewhere in the business? Just to be clear on that.
Michele Buck: So, we definitely are -- run our business model in a way that we try and make sure that we are balancing pricing, margin expansion overall through smart cost management to enable reinvestment back into the brand. So, you know that we have a pretty active commodity management, hedging program, we try and look at what that outlook looks like, look at all the other cost factors and cost elements in the cost bucket, and just keep trying to get ahead in terms of pricing where we think it makes sense and where there's realization opportunities, smart cost management, and then thus investing back in. So, it's really kind of a -- it's a holistic approach to looking at the P&L versus just zeroing in on any one line.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. And I'd say, the key is, the proactive past year. So, we're not ready to talk about 2020 yet, but certainly having the pricing in place will be a good way to start the year.
Operator: We'll now go to Ken Zaslow with BMO. Please go ahead. 
Ken Zaslow: Just two questions. First is, on the smaller brands like the Rolo, the Heath, what have you done differently with them? Is it just activating marketing? What other brands have you not touched yet that may be in the potential? Then, I have a follow-up.
Michele Buck: So, yes, I would say, primarily marketing. So, on those smaller brands, over the years, we have seen evidence where a packaging upgrade on the graphics can have a nice impact on those businesses, given they don't have a lot of support when consumer goes to the shop, and you really refresh the package. So, we've done that on several of the brands. Definitely unlocking them through advertising, as if you haven't talked to consumers, and then they start to hear about those brands. From an advertising perspective, we definitely see a lift there. And I would say that is the primary activation. We have hit most of the smaller brands. There are a few that -- I would say, there's a couple more that we will consider investing in going forward. I can think of three. I don't know if I want to really talk about what those are for competitive reasons. But, there are a couple more that we would consider some minor investing. But, I would say, the ones that you've seen this year, including down to Heath and Rolo, you should think about those as the more sizable ones for which we would see the bigger impact.
Ken Zaslow: And then, my follow-up, I think, you said it earlier that you lost distribution in some of the -- one of the acquisition, I don't know which one. Was that part of the plan going into that? And what are the plans to regain the distribution back?
Michele Buck: So it was on Tyrrells brands, as part of the transition, it was one of those elements where -- yes, a distribution was lost due to retailer, a couple of retailers that shouldn't have been. As we took over the business, our sales team quickly went in and got the volume to get that distribution back. It just takes a little time because you can't actually get the distribution on shelf until the customer has a planogram reset, lined up, and the next planogram resets were in the fall. So, September, October timeframe, we expect to start to see that distribution come back. We have the commitments that it will come back. So, it really wasn't about not deserving the space. It was more of an integration hiccup. And we feel really good about the velocities we're seeing where we haven't lost distribution, we are very high-single-digit velocity gains on Tyrrells.
Ken Zaslow: And there's more distribution gains across the U.S. or are you there and you’re just starting to execute now? I leave it there. Thank you. 
Michele Buck: No. I think, there's more opportunity in distribution across the U.S. 
Operator: And will now go to Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: Good morning. So, Michele, a quick clarification question for you. The price increase you took this year, meaning July 2018, that is going to be contribution about 1.5% for full year pricing, but on an annualized basis, it's 2.5%. So, there's a phasing effect. My understanding is from what you're saying on today's call is that the go-forward price increase is closer to 2%, but with no phasing. So, we should think about it being a clean 2% for next year. That's the first part of my question.
Michele Buck: Yes. That's generally fair way to think about it.
Steve Strycula: Okay. And then, the second piece a little bit on the strategy. The way I understand it to simplify the math is that North America breaks down a third center store, a third front of store and a third seasonal. And it sounds like you took pricing across two of these pieces of the third, meaning one-third is left untouched. Could speak a little bit about what's happening in that portion of your business and how we think about when might be appropriate times to also kind of monetize the pricing opportunity?
Michele Buck: So, yes, part of seasons, we have done some small pricing action. So, generally, we’ve priced pretty broadly across the portfolio. We haven't taken as much on this sweets part of our business. But, we have had some increase in seasons as part of our broader increases. So, at this point, I can't tell you that there is a -- we don't talk about our future plans around pricing. But, we do feel like we’ve taken some there. And on an ongoing basis, we're just going to constantly evaluate the entire portfolio and look at when and where we think there's opportunity for greater price realization.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Michael Lavery: Just back to the international business. Can you maybe give us a sense of the margin progression there and sort of what inning we're in? Obviously, divesting Golden Monkey is a big help. And you've done quite a bit to really improve the profile there, the trajectory of margin extension has obviously been really strong. But now, it looks the kind of the runway ahead over the last four quarters more indicative of what we should expect or is there still some big step-ups to come?
Michele Buck: I wouldn't expect a big step up. Certainly, we're going to continue as we do everywhere to look at every line item on our P&L and continue to look at opportunities to improve margin, because that's just a piece of who we are as a company. But, I think the really big step-ups have been taken.
Steve Voskuil: Yes. I’d agree. And going back to the earlier question, in and out also matters, the mix between the export countries and the ones that we have feet on the ground. And as the feet on the ground grow, that will have an impact on how that margin progresses as well.
Michael Lavery: And is pricing a meaningful component of what you can push there to, or is really the pricing focused just North America?
Michele Buck: So, we have always had a very active pricing component in those markets. As you know, there are economic volatility components in those markets that are ForEx et cetera. So, we do continue to price in part of why our margins are where they are, is some of the pricing there, but it does vary by market. And given they’re smaller piece, we just don't talk as overtly about that on the calls.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Melissa Poole: Thanks, everybody. I'll be around today to answer any follow-up questions you have.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2019 Results Conference Call. My name is Catherine, and I'll be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is scheduled to end at about 09:30 AM. So please limit yourself to one question, so we can get to as many of you as possible. Please note that this call may be recorded. Thank you. It would now like to turn the call over to Melissa Poole, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Poole you may begin your conference.
Melissa Poole: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in these forward-looking statements contained in our 2018 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Michele.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning to all of you on the phone and webcast. Our year has gotten off to a strong start as we remain on track to deliver our financial commitments for the year. I'd like to thank my colleagues across the Hershey business for their focus and hard work. Many of them listen to this call and I'm very proud of what we have accomplished and the progress we are making. Now on to the results. Net sales increased 2.3% in the first quarter in-line with expectations. The net benefit of acquisitions and divestitures was 90 basis points and foreign currency exchange was a 50 basis points headwind. Organic, constant currency net sales growth of approximately 2% was driven by a longer Easter season and international growth, which was partially offset by our SKU rationalization program. We continue to make good progress against our margin improvement plans, which contributed to gross margin expansion of 80 basis points in the quarter versus the same period in 2018. This was slightly ahead of our expectations, driven by incremental efficiencies from our text complexity reduction efforts. These gross margin gains along our solid sales performance drove quality EPS growth of plus 12.8% in the first quarter. This was above expectation driven by the stronger than anticipated gross margin as well as the timing of investments. Our key initiatives for this year are progressing well and we remain confident that our balanced plans will enable us to accelerate our U.S. CMG performance, deliver our acquisition models for amplifying pirate brands and maintain our international business momentum. Net price realization was up slightly in the quarter, in line with expectations. Consistent with previous guidance we anticipate the net benefit of pricing to build over the course of the year, and current retail pricing trends are reflecting this acceleration. Recall our Easter season, which had a meaningful impact on sales in the first quarter, was not priced. Additionally, promotional timing events related to Amplify, Pirate Brands and international resulted in a modest first quarter headwinds. Our U.S. business excluding recent acquisitions delivered net price realization of 50 basis points in the quarter. As we shared earlier this year the later Easter is impacting recent retail performance. Per IRI year-to-date Hershey candy, mint and gum’s retail sales decreased 6% versus overall category declines of 5.4% through April 14. This resulted in a share loss of approximately 20 basis points in-line with our expectations. We expect our retail sales and share performance to improve in the coming weeks as the full Easter season is reported. As is typically the case with a late Easter we do anticipate some softness in May retail sales as consumers enjoy their Easter candy and make slightly fewer everyday purchases. This is accounted for in our guidance as part of the net increments impact from the long season. Preliminary results indicate these strong Easter season for both the category and Hershey. Hershey retail takeaway grew about 15% to 20% resulting in an anticipated seasonal share gain of approximately 150 basis points. This was driven by a strong focus on our core brands, purposeful innovation and exceptional retail execution. Reese and Cadbury are the top two brands in the category during the Easter season with a combined market share of over 25%. This share is greater than the next six brands combined and we had one of the top selling new items of the season with our Cadbury shimmer egg innovation, which contributed even stronger growth and consumer engagement this year. A special thank you to all our employees who helped contribute to the success of this seasons. Another key initiative for us this year is the renovation of our chocolate package candy bags, which has just begun to execute at select retailers. This transformation not only increases branding and competitiveness but also enables us to secure incremental shelf space in store. Early results are encouraging and we will remain focused on this transition in the coming months. Our Reese's Thins innovation is off to a solid start and is generating strong consumer engagement. We are supporting this launch with both paid and earned media as well as merchandising both in-store and online. Current distribution is building and we expect sales to continue to accelerate in the coming weeks. We are also excited about our summer Reese's lovers promotion which shifts primarily in the second quarter. Our activation of this plan in and out instant consumable promotion in late March generated the largest amount of earned impressions ever for one of our announcements. Our nearly $4 billion earned impressions were three times the amount our competition achieved during the same period. This is a tremendous advantage for us that speaks to the power of this brand and our ability to leverage multiple models to effectively and efficiently drive consumer engagement and grow sales.  And this week, after much media speculation, we confirmed that Kit Kat is launching a new product nationwide in December of 2019. Kit Kat Duos Mint + Dark Chocolate is the first permanent Kit Kat flavor in the U.S. in almost a decade. This item will feature a mash-up of two iconic flavors, with mint cream on top and dark chocolate on the bottom surrounding the light and crispy wafer. More to come on this later in the year. And as I've shared before, we're leveraging new media capabilities and models to support our portfolio in more efficient ways. Earned impressions are a key piece of this, along with targeted media and more efficient content production. This is enabling us to support our brands in a more cost-effective manner. In the first quarter of 2019, 12 of our U.S. confection brands that represent approximately 90% of our sales had media support.  Our paid consumer impressions for these brands increased double digits, with only a slight increase in spend. We will continue to leverage this model and support the breadth of the portfolio throughout the remainder of the year. We expect dollar investment to accelerate as we move through the year due to the timing of innovations, the lapping of our media efficiency gains from last year as well as incremental investments supported by our gross margin expansion. Our e-commerce business continues to show strong growth. In the first quarter, our e-commerce net sales grew almost 50%, and our online chocolate share grew 120 basis points at our key customers. We remain focused on winning search and having the right content and portfolio for this channel. Now for an update on our Amplify and Pirate Brands acquisitions. Both are delivering solid growth and are on track to achieve our financial targets. Per IRI, Skinny Pop ready-to-eat popcorn is growing over 11% year-to-date through April 14, resulting in a share gain of over 100 basis points. Our focus on improving distribution and shelf placement is resulting in consistent gains in household penetration. We have a new marketing campaign launching in Q2 to help continue this strong momentum. We successfully transitioned selling responsibilities for Pirate Brands to our Amplify team in the first quarter. We remain focused on leveraging the same capabilities we use for Skinny Pop to optimize distribution and shelf placement to drive growth. Recent retail sales growth has slowed slightly due to distribution losses associated with the transition, but we are confident these trends will improve as we assume whole selling responsibilities. Now for an update on our international business. Constant currency organic sales grew 3.5% in the first quarter. And we continued to demonstrate disciplined investment, resulting in segment operating income growth of 14.5% versus prior year. In India, our Kisses launch is off to a good start and pacing ahead of all key metrics. Both consumer and customer acceptance have been strong, and we remain optimistic that this platform can be expanded to additional regions in the future. Our Kisses brand is also seeing strength in Mexico behind our Seleccion Especial gifting platform. Digital advertising, in-store exhibitions and sampling all helped to recruit new consumers to the brand and drive growth at two times the category level. This is a great example of a differentiated product proposition. This is driving not only a premium price point but at accretive margins. So we have good momentum across all of our key strategies, with strong financial results in the first quarter. We remain committed to delivering balanced growth today while making key investments in our brands and capabilities to take the business to the next level. The organizational changes we announced last week will enable us to continue this good progress. I'm excited that Steve Voskuil will be joining Hershey as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer next month. Steve is a seasoned executive with a wide variety of experiences, working in CPG both in the U.S. and international markets. And he brings a broad financial management leadership with the right blend of strategic, operational and transformative expertise that will help accelerate Hershey's growth agenda. Rohit Grover has been promoted to President, International. With more than 20 years of experience working in nearly all of Hershey's international markets, Rohit has a proven track record of transforming businesses and cultures to drive growth and profitability. Most recently, he designed and led the turnarounds of Hershey's China business including restructuring the portfolio and operating model which has been the largest contributor to our recent international profitability improvements. Jason Reiman has been promoted to Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer. Also a veteran of Hershey for more than 25 years, Jason has operated in senior executive roles leading all aspects of the supply chain including manufacturing, engineering, supply chain planning and logistics in the U.S. and international while delivering superior quality, customer service, margin expansion and growth for the business. And finally, given the increasing importance of our digital transformation to our future growth aspirations, Terry O’Day will transition to full-time leadership of our information technology initiatives. He will continue to lead our ERP transformation, which remains on track. These changes are a testament to Hershey's talent development and succession planning and a great balance of exceptional internal and external seasoned leaders that I am confident will help take our business to the next level. Thank you to Steven Schiller and Patricia for all their contributions to our success over the past several years. And now I'll turn it over to Patricia, who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia Little: Thank you, Michele. Good morning, everyone. First quarter net sales of $2.02 billion increased 2.3% versus the same period last year, including a 90 basis point benefit from acquisitions, partially offset by a 50 basis point headwind from foreign currency translation. Volume and net price realization increased by 1.7 points and 0.2 points, respectively. These results are in line with our expectations. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted were $1.59, an increase of 12.8% versus the same period last year. This was driven by volume growth, gross margin expansion as well as marketing and administrative expense efficiencies and shifts. By segment, North America net sales increased 3.2% versus the same period last year. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a 1.6 point benefit. This includes one additional month of Amplify versus the prior year period, four months of Pirate Brands sales as we transition financial reporting into Hershey’s system and to fewer months of Tyrrells sales versus the prior year. Volume was a 1.4 point benefit, driven primarily by a longer Easter season. Net price realization was a 0.4 point benefit and foreign currency exchange was a 20 basis point headwind. All of these results were consistent with expectations. North America gross margins expanded 60 basis points driven by favorable commodities, volume and insourcing of key Easter items, which was a discrete benefit of approximately 20 basis points only in the first quarter. Additionally, we benefited from cost savings from our complexity reduction efforts which were slightly ahead of expectations. We continue to expect gross margin expansion to build as we progress through the year as net price realization increases. North America advertising and related consumer marketing spend increased 1.1% in the quarter. Media and production efficiency gains enabled by new capabilities drove double-digit consumer impression growth with only modest dollar spend increases. We expect dollar investment to accelerate as we move through the year due to the timing of innovation as well as the lapping of last year's media efficiency gains. First quarter total International and Other segment net sales decreased 4.9% including headwinds of 4.6 and 3.5 points from divestitures and foreign currency exchange, respectively. Organic constant currency net sales increased 3.5%. Volume increased 4.3 points, offset partially by net negative price realization of 0.8 points. Organic constant currency net sales in our focus markets, Mexico, Brazil, India and China, grew 3% versus the first quarter of 2018. This growth was slightly below 2018 levels driven primarily by inventory volatility in the first quarter of 2018. We expect that year to go organic growth will be comparable to full year 2018 levels. International and Other advertising and related consumer marketing declined 14%, in line with our expectations as we continue to right-size our investments to drive more profitable growth. Total Hershey adjusted gross profit increased 4%, resulting in an adjusted gross margin of 45.7%, an increase of 80 basis points versus the first quarter last year. These gains were driven by favorable commodities, volume, efficiencies from our complexity reduction initiatives as well as margin for growth savings from our international markets. First quarter adjusted operating profit of $171 million resulted in operating profit margin of 23.3%, an increase of 160 basis points versus the first quarter of 2018. Gross margin gains and continued SG&A discipline drove favorable operating profit results. Moving down to P&L. Interest expense of $37 million increased $8 million versus Q1 last year, driven by incremental debt associated with recent acquisitions. Full year 2019 interest expense is expected to be in the $150 million to $160 million range, in line with our previously stated guidance. The adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 22% versus 24.9% in the year-ago period. These gains were driven by tax reform regulation releases, benefits of employee share-based payments and continued use of investment tax credits versus the first quarter of last year. We continue to expect our full year 2019 tax rate to be approximately 17%. First quarter other expense was $6 million, an increase of $4 million. There is no change to our full year 2019 estimate of approximately $105 million to $115 million. This reflects a higher investment in tax credit as well as additional expense associated with our pension assets due to December's 2018 stock market performance relative to our long-term asset return assumptions. For the first quarter of 2019, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately $210 million. The company repurchased $150 million of common shares in the first quarter. This completes the October 2017 $100 million authorization while $410 million remain on the July 2018 $500 million authorization. We also repurchased $49 million of common shares in connection with the exercise of stock options. Total capital additions including software were $93 million in the first quarter. For the full year 2019, we continue to estimate that CapEx will be in the $330 million to $350 million range. As a percent of net sales, this remains slightly higher than our long-term target as we continue to implement our new ERP system and to invest in core capacity. We continue to return cash to our shareholders, the first quarter dividends of $146 million. This was our 357th consecutive quarterly dividend on the common stock. To summarize for the full year, there's no change to our full year reported net sales outlook. We continue to expect net sales to increase 1% to 3%, including approximately 0.5 point net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures. We expect full year FX impact to be negligible based on current exchange rates. Reported net sales growth is expected to be slightly higher in the second half due to the negative impact of divestitures and FX in the first half. Organic net sales growth is anticipated to be slightly higher in the first half due to the impact of Easter. Full year reported earnings per share diluted are expected to be in the $5.50 to $5.60 range. There's no change to our full year adjusted earnings per share diluted range of $5.63 to $5.74, an increase of 5% to 7% last year. Due to the gaining of sales growth, gross margin gains and the timing of promotions and investments, we anticipate strongest EPS growth in Q1 and Q4. We continue to take a balanced and disciplined approach to building our brands and evolving our business model for the future. We have strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet that give us flexibility to make the necessary investments to drive long-term shareholder value. That concludes my financial discussion, but before I turn it over to Michele, I just want to say that working with Michele and all of our Hershey colleagues has been an absolute joy. One of the reasons I feel so upbeat at the end of my Hershey time is the confidence I have in this business and in the team to take the company to the next level. I know Steve will be a great partner to Michele and the rest of the team in delivering against our aspirations and making an already great P&L even stronger.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Patricia. I am pleased with our strong start to the year. The actions we are taking to drive core confection momentum, to capture growth via incremental portfolios and regions and to invest in our brands and capabilities will continue to drive this business forward. I believe this dynamic environment and accelerated pace of change creates tremendous opportunities for us to engage with our consumers in new and innovative ways to grow today and into the future. We remain focused on achieving balanced sales and earnings growth to continue delivering peer-leading shareholder returns. We have a portfolio of beloved brands and an amazing team of individuals that are excited and proud to come to work every day. We are pleased with the progress we are making but we also have a healthy degree of dissatisfaction that drives us to continue pushing to elevate the business to the next level. And we are committed to doing this in a way that is consistent with our values and purpose. Patricia, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go ahead and take our first question from Ken Goldman [JPMorgan]. Your line is now open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Good morning. Thanks for everything, Patricia and best of luck in your next endeavors.
Patricia Little: Thank you.
Ken Goldman: Two for me. Michele, I think your previous guidance suggested that Easter would benefit annual sales by about 50 basis points, which implies about 200 for the first quarter. I didn't hear a number in your prepared remarks. Maybe I just missed it. But is it reasonable for us to think that Easter helped the first quarter by around 200 basis points on the top line?
Michele Buck: Yes. That is reasonable. The growth in the first quarter, definitely driven by Easter and our international business.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you for that. And then I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but you did just give some cadence. So I wanted to ask a follow-up to that. I guess, I'll just ask the question directly. The Street in the – for the second quarter is looking for a bit under $1.8 billion in sales, around $350 million in EBIT or operating income, are these numbers really unreasonable to you given the Easter timing headwind? I just wanted to get a sense of whether the Street is, at least modeling this within sort of the range of what you're thinking.
Michele Buck: Patricia, do you want to?
Patricia Little: Ken, again we don’t give quarterly guidance, so I would absolutely not comment on specific numbers that the Street does have in their model. We were just trying to give you some help because with Easter, FX and divestitures, we just really want to help you understand the cadence of our sales kind of that is impacting first half, second half and then a little bit about just the rhythm of EPS that we expect. And we don't have anything further to say and certainly no comments on specific numbers that the Street is modeling.
Ken Goldman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bryan Spillane [Bank of America]. Your line is now open.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning, everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: Just wanted to ask – tie together, I guess, a couple of comments around gross profits and gross margins. And you talked about it maybe building more later in the year, but – and you also pulled in a little bit of the benefit from insourcing some of the Easter product. So can you give us a sense of, I guess, is like a 60 basis point gross margin expansion as a basis point year-over-year sort of what you would see maybe for the balance of the year or for the full year? Or is this quarter maybe the strongest in terms of gross margin performance? Just trying to get a sense of where gross margins land for the year.
Michele Buck: So this is Michele. We feel good about the progress we're making on gross margin and we expect that our full year gross margin expansion will be at or slightly above what we delivered in the first quarter. So as you mentioned, there was the discrete benefit of about 20 basis points, so I think thinking about 60 as kind of the run – the base run rate is a good way to think about it. Recall that we will get more price realization in the second quarter with our new packaged candy bags. There's also some packaging costs which are limiting the amount of that gross margin, but as we go through the year, we anticipate that, that gross margin will ramp up a bit off of the run rate that you mentioned. Is that helpful?
Bryan Spillane: Yes, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Robert Moskow [Credit Suisse]. Your line is now open.
Robert Moskow: That Bryan Spillane is a smart guy. He took my question, but let me try a different one. Can you talk about the market share losses in the first quarter, which was just 20 basis points? And I guess I thought I heard you say that you picked it up in the early phases of Easter, I guess, related to your Easter seasonal activity. Can you talk a little bit more broadly about just candy, mint and gum in general; your innovation plans? Is that enough to get you back into a pattern of share gains overall for the year or for next year? I think most people's perceptions of the innovation pipeline is it's okay, not super; and a lot of concerns about competitive incursion from Mars and Ferrero. Thanks.
Michele Buck: Sure. So Rob, our year-to-date share is in line with our expectations. We expected a little bit of a slower start on share due to the timing of some of our innovation and our promotions, but we continue, as you look at the trend that you're seeing in share, with a continuous kind of improvement in trend as we go through the first quarter here. You're going to see that continue. As we get through Easter, we think that you'll see the retail takeaway. The share and the sales kind of true up and line up together. And then obviously, following that, we have some of our biggest programs for the year, including the chocolate-packaged candy reinvention as well as Reese's Thins and the Reese's lovers activations. So we've got a pretty balanced plan with a lot of activation, but from a retail takeaway perspective, more of that begins to hit Q2 and beyond for the year. And we're continuing to drive a balanced approach to driving our business. We feel great about the innovation we have this year with the chocolate-packaged candy packaging effort, which is about $0.5 billion in the portfolio; Reese's Thins and Reese's lovers promotion, our largest brands by far; and then obviously just announcing a new item within Kit Kat, one of our other core brands. So we believe we do best when we have a really balanced approach where we are winning on multiple levers which include seasons, pricing, innovation, good marketing on the core. And we're going to continue to drive that. And we anticipate that, as much as there is a lot of competitive innovation, we think that overall it'll be in line in total with prior years.
Robert Moskow: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jonathan Feeney [Consumer Edge]. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you so much and good morning. Two questions from me. The Easter share you quoted earlier, I think, was 150 basis points. Is that Easter share on a through April 14 basis? Or is that what you know about the totality of Easter this year versus the totality of Easter last year, about how you're comparing with some non-Easter weeks in that number, that share number, first of all? And second of all, yes, I know that there's been a lot going on from a takeaway standpoint. What – I mean what level – you gave us a year-to-date takeaway number, and clearly, you're way outperforming that. In the six days approaching through that, it's not in that takeaway number. What's a good U.S. CMG takeaway number mid-May that would give us the sense that you are on track towards your plan? Like what is that number so I understand that you guys are on track to – for the next months? Thank you very much.
Michele Buck: So let me start with your question around Easter. The share gain that I quoted is what we anticipate for the full season based on what we know year-to-date and across the business. And that is really looking full Easter this year versus full Easter last year. Relative to takeaway, somewhere in that 1.5% to 2% range on a year-to-date basis, I'd say, will be a good benchmark.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steven Strycula [UBS]. Your line is now open.
Steven Strycula: Good morning and congrats on a good quarter. 
Michele Buck: Thank you.
Steven Strycula: So this Easter shift is really breaking my calculator here. I'm trying to figure a few things out, but Patricia, I was hoping you'd help me out here a little bit as I think about the organic [Audio Dip] think about how that flows through the year directionally is the first part of my question.
Patricia Little: Steve, you broke up a little bit. I'm sorry. You were just asking about what the organic sales were at Easter in the quarter.
Steven Strycula: Yes, just what the cadence we should think about throughout the balance of the year. I think it's a little bit noisy because of Easter. And a lot of investors have been asking me this morning just how to think about front half versus back half in 2Q. And then I've got a follow up.
Patricia Little: Yes. So as we said, we expect that, because of that Easter, we will – we would expect that on an organic basis it will be higher in the first half than into the second half, just because of the long Easter. Is that what you were getting at? I mean there were again…
Steven Strycula: Thank you for that.
Patricia Little: Okay. Yes. Think about it as the organic growth was about 2% in the quarter. I mean we had…
Steven Strycula: Sure, yes. I think there's some background noise, but so the other fundamental question I had was – to piggyback off of Rob Moskow's question, is to think about the incrementality of innovation this year relative to prior cycles that you guys have had. How do you think about what you're bringing to market; and how that compares against Cookie Layer Crunch, Hershey's Gold? And what's so different about the packaging this year that it should drive better conversion at retail relative to the past? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Yes. So I feel really good about our innovation this year. And I will say, if I look historically, I think frequently the best and more sustainable innovation we've had is when we are really focused on either improving our core or staying close to the core with a key, purposeful benefit. So when I think about the chocolate-packaged candy, it gives us a notable improvement in shelf awareness in a category that is a very challenged category to shop. So I think the first benefit starts with that, and then second in terms of the usability of the package at home. So it's really a lift across a very big piece of business that is a very closed-end product improvement benefit. And I think that tends to – those types of things tend to perform very well for us. Reese's Thins, likewise, it is a variation of a Reese's cup with a new shape. And as we think about our portfolio, one of the interesting things about Reese's is we have all different kinds of cups and different shapes and different ratios of chocolate to peanut butter, and everybody has their favorite. And thins offers a benefit of permissibility and a totally different eating experience on our biggest core brand. So that proximity to the core tends to lead to a more sustainable approach. So where we find some of those innovations, I feel – I tend to feel the best about those. So I'm pretty bullish on what we have for this year.
Steven Strycula: Okay thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from David Driscoll. Your line is now open.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you and good morning everybody.
Michele Buck: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll: Patricia, I just wanted to say thank you so much. It's been a pleasure to work with you, and we wish you all the best. On to the – I want to follow up on some of the questions related to the top line. So just to be super clear: With CMG takeaway down 6% in the Q1, shipment is up 1.6%, excluding M&A. Volume is a big driver there at 1.4 points. Is there any implication to the second quarter? Is there any shipment pull forward into Q1 that would affect Q2 because of those numbers?
Michele Buck: David, there's not. If you think about the way Easter and the seasons work, especially given the timing this year, you're shipping to season in the quarter before a lot of the takeaway occurs. So there's a little bit of a – the disconnect between the shipments and the takeaway, but there is no pull forward. It's just the natural flow of how that business works that you're shipping. And then some of the biggest takeaway for the season comes in the couple weeks, those two weeks right before the day of the holiday. And so that's really the dynamic. And if you look at past years, you'll see that – every year, that's the way it works.
Patricia Little: So again, David, you can just expect that, by the end of April, the share, the takeaway and the sales will all be trued up together.
David Driscoll: Okay, that’s really helpful. My last question is just on pricing. You have expectations that pricing is going to increase as the quarters go forward. Has retail acceptance of your pricing plans been – if it did happen to the fullest extent? Do you have any concerns about the implementation on pricing, whether it's the list price increase or whether it's getting your new packaging on shelf? Because everything on the pricing plan kind of full steam ahead.
Michele Buck: Yes, everything relative to the pricing is working and coming in exactly as we expected. The retail price points that we're seeing, in terms of the phasing for the year – remember Easter wasn't priced. So that's a big piece that, as we get later through the year, is really where the pricing impact kicks in. We've looked at price points, retail price points; where we are in our elasticity and conversion model. And that's in line with what we expected as well, so all looking good.
DavidDriscoll: Thank you so much. I’ll pass it along.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Baumgartner. Your line is now open.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Michele, it sounds as though the momentum around the media impressions is fairly solid, but I guess my question is really more about the conversion on those because, I mean, you've been working through the efficiencies for a while, but the share in chocolate is still down pretty consistently. And I know your brands are always very responsive to traditional media, but maybe digital is showing as less impactful. So I mean, are you seeing any data points that would suggest otherwise? I mean I'm just trying to square the media shift with the market share we see in the Nielsen data.
Michele Buck: We continue to optimize the right balance across earned and paid impressions; and also, within the paid, what is the optimal level of TV versus digital and getting tighter and tighter on the digital relative to addressable and programmable media that allows us to reach the exact right person. So I feel good about the progress we're making there. We continue to optimize and implement as we learn and go along the way, but we feel good that we are continuing to see strong ROIs on the spends that we have and continuing to optimize based on those.
John Baumgartner: And do you have a sense kind of where digital is right now as a percent of the total bucket and where, I guess, the long-term target is?
Michele Buck: So I want to say digital is about 40% of our total media investment. And in terms of the long-term target, I would say we continue to learn as we go, but at this point in time we believe that mainstream media, given our very broad household penetration, will continue to be an important part of our mix given it's pretty efficient media. And within digital and some of the capabilities of old in terms of more capability about – around programmable, we'll continue to adjust to that, but there's a lot of blurring of the lines in terms of playing across the entire 
John Baumgartner: Okay, thanks Michele.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Rob Dickerson. Your line is now open.
Rob Dickerson: Great, thank you. Two quick questions. First question was just on kind of organic sales cadence again for the year. I think you just said in the remarks that you’d expect basically organic sales to be a little bit faster in growth terms in the first half versus second half. It sounds like second half rate would get more of the pricing but less than a mix effect from the new innovation or at least the stand-up bags and the thins, so I’m just curious. If there is to be more pricing in the back half of the year, our organic sales will be slower, I’m assuming, kind of back of Easter. I – are – does that imply that your models are baking in some material volume elasticity in Q3 and Q4? Or is it more just an Easter effect in Q1 versus what you expect in the back half?
Michele Buck: No. Our models do bake in that elasticity in the second half. When we take a price increase, that’s historically how it works. And the data we have based on history is exactly what we are banking on. It’s also what we’re seeing year-to-date where prices have hit, but you’re absolutely right. In the year we take pricing, you see a big increase in the amount of our revenue that comes from pricing and you take a hit on volume as the conversion of that builds.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Great. And then just in terms of margin, I think you said you’d expect gross margin to build just given partially the pricing benefit as you move through the year. Operating margin was up almost 150 basis points in Q1. Should we also expect the operating margin to build throughout the year? Or I’m assuming, given higher SM&A and brand investment, that operating margin would likely be expanding but at a slower rate relative to gross margin for the remainder of the year. That’s all.
Michele Buck: Yes. I would say no. That should not be your expectations. There can be a lot of noise on a quarterly basis. And no. Well, there should be a build in gross margin. Do not think about operating margin that way.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ken Zaslow. Your line is now open.
Ken Zaslow: Hi, good morning everyone. Just have a question on clarity. I think I’m just confused. I think you said in the quarter that your expectation's where you thought it was on both sales and EPS. And then in the last quarter, you said that your sales accelerate through the second half. Now I think you – and your sales growth obviously was 2.3%. Your guidance is 1% to 3%. But now you are saying that the first and fourth quarter are going to be the highest. What changed? Did nothing changed? And I just don't understand. I'm sorry.
Michele Buck: So relative to sales, we said our sales was in line with our expectations 
Ken Zaslow: It was fourth quarter. It's supposed to build through the year, right?
Patricia Little: So it might be the confusion between our reported net sales growth, where it's going to be higher in the second half due to divestitures which we talked about. And then the organic piece is higher in the first half due to Easter. And on the EPS side, we did say that – all right. And then on the EPS, it was higher than we expected, as we said on this call.
Michele Buck: Q1 was higher than expected.
Ken Zaslow: And my real question is can you talk about your e-commerce progress? What share do you want to get to? Where are you? How far are you away from what share you're looking to get and get to? And then what is the difference between your digital spending three, four years ago and now? And where do you expect that to get? And I'll leave it there.
Michele Buck: So, I think we want to continue to drive share and gain share in e-commerce. I think the benchmark that we would look at is we would want to be at least comparable to our bricks-and-mortar business, but I would say that I also think there's an opportunity with our capabilities for us to have higher share than bricks and mortars. So that's certainly what we are shooting for. And we're pleased that, in each of the past several years, we've continued to gain over 100 basis points of share on our chocolate business in e- commerce. So we want to capture as much share as we can.
Ken Zaslow: And in your spending. What percentage of your spending is on digital? And where do you expect that to go? And I'll leave it there. 
Michele Buck: Well, for total digital advertising, from a media perspective, it's about 40%, if we just look at media. Obviously, there are a lot of other investments in terms of resources, people, all of that.
Ken Zaslow: Thank you.
Operator: There are questions at this time. I will turn the call back to our speakers for any additional remarks. 
Melissa Poole: Thank you for joining us this morning. We'll be available throughout the day for any additional questions you may have.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. My name is Aaron, and I'll be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] This call is scheduled to end about 9:30 AM. So please limit yourself to one question, so we can get to as many of you as possible. Please note that this call may be recorded. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the program over to Ms. Poole. You may begin.
Melissa Poole: Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in these forward-looking statements contained in our 2017 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Michele.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning to all of you on the phone and webcast. As I reflect on the progress that we've made against our strategic plans and the initiatives we have underway for 2019 and beyond, I'm confident and excited about the future of this company. Before I get into the details of our results, I would like to take a moment to reflect on your 125th anniversary that we are celebrating this year. It's an incredible privilege to lead a company that remains as relevant with consumers today as we were more than a century ago. Everyone here at Hershey has tremendous pride in our incredible portfolio of brands. And it's the care and attention that we put into each of our brands that resonates with our consumers. Our job is to deliver on our consumer's expectations each and every day. We are also entrusted to make the strategic decisions to ensure that Hershey is well-positioned long-term. I would like to thank my Hershey colleagues for their consistent passion and commitment. Now turning to the businesses at hand [ph], we are fortunate to participate in growing categories with amazing brands that consumers love. We have advantage margin, a healthy balance sheet, and differentiated capability. In a dynamic and highly-competitive operating environment, in 2018, we grew our business and delivered on our financial commitment, while strategically investing for the future. In our U.S. core confection business, we invested in new brand positioning and launched new campaigns for our two largest brands, Reese's and Hershey's. We shifted investment to new marketing capabilities that enable us to support more confection brands within our portfolio. By leveraging consumer insights and new capacity, our team drove strong growth and share gains during the Halloween and holiday sales period, while improving our sell-through and reducing markdowns. At the same time, our SKU rationalization program and pricing action are enabling progress on improving our margins. We also expanded our portfolio to capture incremental consumer occasions with complementary acquisitions of Amplify and Pirate's brands. These two high-growth, high-margin, better-for-use snacking asset are a great fit with our Hershey portfolio. They're performing well in the marketplace and they're on track to deliver against our goals. We made tremendous progress with our international business transformation plans, delivering a record year of profit as well as solid growth. This growth was balanced with organic constant currency sales and operating income gains in each of our key markets. Importantly, our teams diligently continue to reduce our foundational cost structure to enable investment in growth-generating assets and capabilities. Our ERP initiative is on track and modules are coming online according to plan. In the second-half of 2018, we launched two commercial focus modules: trade promotion and marketing expenses, and we are pleased with the early results. This ERP initiative is a key enabler to our broader digital transformation efforts. We also will continue to invest in core capacity as we did with our new Reese's and Kit Kat lines in 2018 as well as incremental capacity on ICE BREAKERS Gum and in our broader distribution network. While our gross margin was below expectation for the year, we made progress and improved performance as we progressed through the year. We believe the SKU rationalization program and previously announced price increase position us well to make additional progress in 2019. Now let's turn specifically to progress made in the fourth quarter. We delivered sales and EPS in line with our expectation. Constant currency net sales increased 3.1%, including a net benefit from acquisitions and divestures of approximately 3 points. Foreign currency exchange was a 0.6 point headwind. Adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.26 increased 23.5% compared to the fourth quarter last year. Our strong holiday program resulted in both sales growth and seasonal market share gains as well as improved sell-through at retail. Hot Cocoa Kisses was the number one new holiday item in the category and helped drive merchandizing support and growth for the entire Kisses franchise. This holiday strength resulted in measured channels Hershey's CMG takeaway increasing 1% in the 12 weeks ended December 30th. This was in line with our expectations. As a reminder, takeaway was greater than fourth quarter net sales growth due to the inventory reductions that we anticipated and discussed on our last quarter's call. For the fourth quarter, Hershey CMG market share declined slightly, approximately 20 basis points as competitive activity remained robust. Hershey chocolate takeaway was up 1.9% in the quarter, driven by strength in our Reese's brand which grew 4%. Our new NotSorry campaign and strong seasonal execution enabled by the capacity expansion we implemented in the first quarter of last were key contributors of this growth. We activated additional chocolate brands within the portfolio in 2018. And we are pleased with the results. Combined retail takeaway for York, Almond Joy, Mounds, and Payday was up 2% in the fourth quarter. A seven point improvement versus the 2017 trend. And it was driven by velocity. We leveraged new more efficient marketing model to support these brands. And believe there is additional opportunity to bring more of our smaller but highly differentiated products to light in 2019 with this approach. Our ICE BREAKER business continued to perform very well with retail takeaway growth of more than 9% during Q4. This was driven by distribution and velocity gains on our gum business, resulting in growth of over 18% during the quarter. Our investments in digital commerce are resulting in consistent solid net sales growth of approximately 40%. We expect to see similar momentum in 2019 as we continue partnering with our retailers on differentiated offerings that meet our customer's needs. These gains were partially offset by continued softness in our non-chocolate portfolio and sales declines from items impacted by our SKU rationalization program. We expect these headwinds to persist in 2019 as we focused on initiatives to drive growth within our chocolate portfolio and continue to reduce complexity to improve margins. As we look more broadly across the portfolio, total Hershey retail takeaway in the fourth quarter was slightly higher at 1.2% driven by SkinnyPop and Pirates Booty. SkinnyPop retail takeaway remained strong with growth of 9% in the 12 weeks ending December 30th. The core ready-to-eat popcorn portfolio grew 6.5% led by continued household penetration gains. This resulted in a category share gain of 28 basis points in the quarter. Pirates Booty grew approximately 5% in the quarter outpacing the category. Similar to SkinnyPop, these gains were driven by increases in household penetration. For 2019, we have a balanced plan to build on our second-half 2018 momentum. We expect annual net sales growth of 1% to 3% and adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of 5% to 7%. We believe this growth will be driven by improving organic sales growth and profitability within North America. Let me provide you with some details around our plans. For our U.S. confection business, we anticipate growth from seasonal strength, pricing, core distribution gains, innovation, and new brands positioning, a very balanced set of growth levers. Our seasonal growth will benefit from a late Easter, adding approximately three weeks of additional selling days for the season. While there will be some offset in our everyday sales, we do expect a net positive impact to the business based on historical patterns. Merchandizing is already off to a strong start on consumer's Easter favorite: Reese's and Cadbury eggs. Additionally, we expect our strong Halloween and holiday performance from 2018 to result in increased orders for the upcoming season. Our previously announced price increase of approximately 2.5% is on track. As a reminder, we expect the P&L impact to build over the course of the year. Similar to past price increases we anticipate some volume impact on items experiencing higher retail shelf prices. As we rationalize less productive SKUs in the portfolio, we continue to make progress in securing distribution on higher velocity items to maintain and optimize our shelf space and improve productivity for both Hershey and our retailer partners. We are also focused on securing incremental space for the entire category. We are consistently collaborating with our retailers on ways to adapt to this rapidly changing environment and optimize space to drive sales and margin. We recently partnered on and implemented a new front-end planogram at a key customer to increase space for snacking and is showing promising results so far. Hershey performance in stores that implemented this change are currently pacing 500 basis points ahead of stores with the old planogram, strong retail partnerships are always a key priority for us and has helped to fuel our success. We are excited about our core marketing and innovation plans for 2019. As we discussed last year, we have both packaging and product innovation that we believe will drive consumer engagement and increase sales. The transformation of our packaged candy portfolio is on track and starting to hit shelves after Easter. This will benefit many of our chocolate brands with better shelf impact and improved velocity. Additionally, we will continue to leverage our in-house creative studio and new media model to support the breath of our portfolio in 2019. Investing in our portfolio has always been and will remain a critical part of our business model. We constantly look for ways to engage with our consumers in new, different, and more efficient ways. Our Reese's Spreads launch will be in this new improved packaging. And it's on track to hit shelves after Easter. This great tasting product gives consumers another way to enjoy their favorite combination of chocolate and peanut butter. And it will be available in both milk and dark chocolate varieties. Reese consumers are passionate about their cups. And we will leverage TV media, in-store merchandizing and social to engage with them and drive excitement and ultimately incremental purchase. And we will continue to have a lineup of new such our Hershey with Reese's Pieces launch to drive relevancy and merchandizing. While our overall innovation lineup is comparable to 2018, the contribution will be slightly SKUed to the second-half. Also as a reminder, the late Easter will drive slower retail performance in February and March, and then rebound in April. We expect the category to accelerate slightly in 2019 driven by the longer Easter, and we expect our performance to be in line with the category. We feel confident about the actions we are taking both to compete today and to build for the future. But as you all know, the competitive environment is intense, and it is taking more to win. We are committed to investing in our business to maintain our leadership position while also delivering our financial commitments. Now for an update on our 2019 plans for our recently acquired snacking assets, Amplify remains on track and is expected to grow mid-single digits in 2019. SkinnyPop is projected to grow share in the ready-to-eat popcorn category behind additional distribution gains and a new marketing campaign. As we shared last year, some of our confection capabilities can be applied to broader snacking, this has been a priority area for us and we are seeing some great progress. The Pirate's Booty integration is proceeding nicely and the Amplify team in Austin is preparing to take over selling responsibilities. As with SkinnyPop, Pirate's Booty has a focus set of four SKUs with high velocities that weren't greater shelf presence and we plan to leverage our category management capabilities to drive distribution in 2019. I want to thank all the teams working hard to integrate and drive sustainable growth on the important brands. I'd also like to take a few minutes to recognize our international team who have done an amazing job executing our transformation plan. We expect to make continued progress internationally in 2019, how bad at a slower pace given the significant gains we drove in 2008. We will continue to leverage our strengths and focus on our Hershey's first strategy, which has resulted in solid Hershey brand share gains in our focus market. In Mexico, the Hershey brand has grown share of the chocolate category for 17 straight clods. In Brazil, the Hershey brand is growing share of the bar category in a highly competitive environment. And in India, we are gaining share in syrup spreads and drinks. The Kisses launch in India is on track and we are excited by the opportunity here. We have also launched gifting items under the Kisses brand in Mexico, which we believe will enable us to capture an incremental premium occasion to drive growth. While we are confident in the plans we are executing, we remain cognizant of potential geopolitical risk that could impact international performance in 2019. We are focused on driving actions within our control and managing risks as effectively as possible. In summary, in 2018, we delivered our financial commitments, and we continue to invest in our future growth. Our core confection sales and margin trends are improving and we believe we can further build on this momentum with a balanced 2019 plan. Our recently acquired snacking brands continue to see strong growth and deliver against our financial objectives and our international business remains on track. We remain focused on driving long-term shareholder value by delivering balanced top and bottom-line growth in 2019 while investing in differentiating capabilities to expand our competitive advantage in the future. I'll now turn it over to Patricia, who will provide you with details of our financial results.
Patricia Little: Thank you, Michele. Good morning everyone. As anticipated, fourth quarter net sales of $1.99 billion increased 2.5% versus the same period last year. Constant currency net sales increased 3.1% with foreign currency exchange, a 60 basis points headwind. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a three-point benefit to net sales growth. Volume was a 90 basis point benefit, which was partially offset by anticipated negative net price realization of 80 basis points. For the full-year 2018, net sales increased 3.7%. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a 3.6 point benefit. Organic constant currency net sales growth of 0.3% was partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 0.2 points. Adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.26 in the fourth quarter represented an increase of 23.5% versus the same period last year. This was driven by more favorable tax rate as M&A declined acquisition and volume growth. For the full-year 2018 adjusted earnings per share diluted of $5.36 was an increase of 14.3% versus the full-year 2017. This was driven by favorable tax as M&A and acquisitions partially offset by gross margin declines. By segment in the fourth quarter North American net sales increased 4.3% versus the same period last year. The Amplify and Pirate brands acquisitions added 4.8 points and organic volume gains contributed 80 basis points. Net price realization and foreign currency exchange rates were 110 and 20 basis points headwinds respectively. These results were in line with expectations. North America advertising and related consumer marketing spend declined 13.3% in the quarter, this was in line with expectations consistent with what we shared throughout 2018, these declines were driven by optimization of emerging brand spend, as well as media efficiency gains as we leverage new models and channels to reach consumers. Despite the spend declines for the full-year, our consumer impressions were up on our chocolate brands. In 2019, we expect the year-over-year changes in advertising and related consumer marketing spend to be more comparable to our historical patterns and grow relatively in line with sales. Now for an update on Amplify and Pirate brands, accounting for the materials divestiture the Amplify business came in according to plan on both the top and bottom-line. The acquisition was approximately $0.08 EPS accretive consistent with our previous guidance. The Pirates brands contributed slightly to our overall sales performance and had a negligible impact on our earnings in 2018. Fourth quarter total international and other segment net sales decreased 8.9% including an 8.4-point impact from divestitures and a 3.1-point headwind from unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Volume and net price realization were 190 and a 70 basis points benefit respectively. Organic constant currency net sales in our focus market Mexico, Brazil, India, and China grew 7%. International and other advertising and related consumer marketing declined 13%. In line with our expectations as we right size our investments to drive more profitable growth. Now turning to gross margin, adjusted gross profit of $844 million increased 1.9% resulting in an adjusted gross margin of 42.5%, a decline of 20 basis points versus the fourth quarter of last year. This was a meaningful improvement versus our first task in third quarter trends although slightly below our estimate for the quarter. The lightness was driven by the disposition of underutilized packaging assets related to the upcoming migration of our package can utilize in the second quarter of 2019. Excluding this impact, our gross margin was slightly up versus prior year in line with our expectations. We believe we will continue to make progress in 2019 and expect modest gross margin expansion for the year. Fourth quarter adjusted operating profit of $369 million increased 13.1% versus the fourth quarter of 2017. This resulted in an adjusted operating profit margin of 18.6%, an increase of 180 basis points driven by lower selling marketing and administrative expenses. As we look forward to 2019. We expect operating profit margin to expand slightly above our recent historic average. This is driven by pricing and productivity initiatives in both cost of goods sold as well as SM&A. As a reminder, we over delivered our margin for growth program expectations in 2018 with savings of approximately $90 million partially driven by the acceleration of some savings originally stated for 2019. Additionally, we expect some of the remaining savings to flow through into 2020 due to the phasing of our ERP implementation. We continue to expect our overall margin for growth program savings to be towards the high-end of our $150 million to $175 million range. Moving down to P&L, interest expense of $38 million increased $12 million versus Q4 of last year driven by the Amplify and Pirate brands acquisitions. Full-year 2018 interest expense of $139 million was in line with our previous guidance. In 2019, interest expense is expected to be approximately $150 million to $160 million, a slight increase versus 2018 due to acquisitions. The adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 9.5% versus 15.1% in the year ago period. This resulted in a full-year 2018 adjusted tax rate of 19.2% versus 26.6% in the year ago period in line with our expectations both the fourth quarter and full-year tax favorability was driven primarily by U.S. tax reforms. In 2019, we expect our tax rate to be approximately 17%. In the fourth quarter, other expense was $38 million, an additional expense of $10 million versus the year ago period. This year-over-year decline is driven by timings related to our investment tax credit strategy as well as favorable non-service related pension expense. Full-year 2018 expense of $69 million was in line with our expectations. In 2019, we expect other expense to be approximately $105 million to $115 million. This reflects a higher investment and tax credits as well as additional expense associated with our pension assets, due to the year and negative stock market performance. For the fourth quarter of 2018, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 211. In November, the company purchased $48 million of common stock from the Hershey Trust in connection with the exercise of stock options. The company did not repurchase common shares in the fourth quarter against the October 2017 or the July 2018 share repurchase authorization. The total combined outstanding authorization is $560 million. Total capital additions including software was $87 million in the fourth quarter. For the full-year 2018 capital additions were approximately $329 million. This was slightly below our estimates driven primarily by lower capital spending required to support the Amplify integration. For the full-year 2019, we estimate that CapEx will be in the $330 million to $350 million range. As a percent of net sales, this remains slightly higher than our long-term targets as we continue to advance our ERP transformation and invest in core capacity. We continue to return cash to our shareholders with fourth quarter dividends of $147 million. This was our 356th consecutive quarterly dividend on the common stock. We expect full-year 2019 net sales to increase 1% to 3% including approximately half-a-point net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures. We are claiming a negligible FX impact for the year. However, the environment is very volatile. We anticipate FX will be a slight headwind in the first-half and a slight tailwind in the second-half. As a reminder, the SKU rationalization program we announced last spring will continue to impact net sales for the first-half of this year. This, in addition, to the timing of divestitures key marketing activities around innovation and packaging, and FX impacts are expected to result in stronger net sales growth in the second-half of the year. Full-year adjusted earnings per share diluted are estimated to grow 5% to 7% driven by operating profit margin gains as well as a more favorable tax rate. Due to the timing of investments throughout the year as well as the gating of the sales growth, we expect EPS growth to be stronger in the second-half of the year. We take a balanced and disciplined approach to building our brand and evolving our business model for the future. We have strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet that gives us flexibility to make the necessary investments to drive long-term shareholder value. That concludes my financial discussion, thank you for your time this morning, and I'll now turn it back over to Michele for some closing remarks.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Patricia. I remain confident in our strategies and I am excited about what we here at Hershey have ahead of us in 2019 as we look to drive a year of balanced growth. As we talked about, the marketplace continues to advance at an accelerated pace. I am optimistic that this change creates opportunities for us to engage with our consumers in new and innovative ways to unlock growth. As I mentioned at the top of our call, 2019 is our 125th anniversary, and it's an incredible time to be here at the company. Our remarkable employees are dedicated to delivering the best quality and the best experience for our consumers each and every day. That hasn't changed over the past century, and it will continue into the next. Patricia, Melissa, and I are now available to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Patricia Little: Good morning.
Ken Goldman: I just wanted to poke around a little bit on the de-load [ph], can you frame for us - I don't think you quantified the impact of it, so if you did, forgive me, but I'm just trying to get a little bit of a sense of the number there. And then I also want to get a sense for you know, where retail inventories currently sit as far as you can tell, you know, are they still up year-on-year after the de-load - I really just want to get an idea of further risk as we look ahead, because I know you guys talked about how the de-load was in line with your expectations, but I don't think most people on the street were quite prepared for it as perhaps you guys were?
Michele Buck: So let me just start, Ken, and then I'll turn it over to Patricia for more details. The year did close in line with our expectations, and we know that as more data and analytics are available retailers are constantly looking in how they can optimize inventory levels as we all are, and we do expect that to continue into 2019, and those assumptions are built into our guidance, but I'll let Patricia give a little bit more detail around that.
Patricia Little: Yes, as we talked about on the third quarter, we have good insight, especially on some of our bigger customers in terms of their inventory. And we knew that there would be some de-load in the fourth quarter, and you saw that play through in the difference between the sales and the retail takeaway. That was absolutely in line with our expectations. We don't have as good an analytic on all of the, you know, many, many customers, but we know that overall we believe that inventory came down through this system. We expect that to continue into 2019 as Michele said, again, really related to broad secular trends in the industry. On any given quarter, that will have a lot of movement based on season, based on timing of pricing, which we think was an impact this year looking at when promo activity is innovation timing. So quarters can be very - have a lot of movement, but this was exactly what we - we ended the year exactly as we expected.
Ken Goldman: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Brian Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone.
Michele Buck: Good morning.
Patricia Little: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Spillane: Hey, just one clarification and one quick question just on the clarification, Patricia, you talked a little bit about share repurchases, and it just wasn't - I want to make sure clear, the EPS guidance range for this year does not assume a reduction in the share count?
Patricia Little: You know, we have a long-term historic average of doing share repurchase on a discretionary basis every year, and we always put that into our plans, because otherwise it would just show us - especially, in the absence of acquisitions, which are hard to - which we don't put in plan which show us building cash. So there is a modest amount of our normal run rate sharing purchase included in the plan.
Brian Spillane: Okay, but nothing unusual relative to history?
Patricia Little: Correct, nothing unusual.
Brian Spillane: Okay, all right. And then, Michele, you talked a little bit about the, I guess, the gap between - in North America, the takeaway in chocolate versus non-chocolate, you know, so the non-chocolate being a drag, and I guess, that didn't SKUed [ph], can you just give us a little bit more color what the magnitude of that is, and then I know - I guess, it's still going to be a drag in '19, but is it less of a drag in '19 than it was in 2018?
Michele Buck: Yes, so the SKU rationalization is probably the bigger impact on the business and that's about a point in 2019 and that's about the same that it was in 2018.
Brian Spillane: Okay.
Michele Buck: And then relative to the non-chocolate portfolio, I would say the impact will be similar in '19 versus '18 as you know the large proportion of our business is chocolate. So from a magnitude perspective, I think, that can give you a little bit of a feel of the size of that.
Brian Spillane: Okay, great, thank you.
Michele Buck: Sure.
Operator: We will take our next question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
Patricia Little: Good morning.
Michele Buck: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Okay. I know heading into this year, Hershey obviously had worked through a decent chunk of some SKU rationalization as you've talked about, some trade inventory reductions you made capacity investments and divested some businesses that have been a drag. This year you've got, obviously, the benefit of a longer Easter, getting some pricing in place. And then you've still got incremental cost saves as well. So, I guess my question is, maybe why wouldn't we see maybe more of an - like on algorithm type of year with respect to the top and bottom line. Maybe in other words, would you characterize '19 as still a year of incremental investment or perhaps you're being a little bit more cautions on things like volume elasticity in relation to the pricing and things of that nature. Thanks very much.
Michele Buck: Well, Andrew, yes, we feel really good about the plans and the activations we have this year. And I think what we feel great about is how balanced - how many different growth levers we think we're really pulling. So, as you know, as we mentioned, we expected to accelerate performance in our important North America market. However, that SKU rationalization is still impacting us at about that point, as I mentioned. And if you add that back in to where growth is, that really puts us smack dab in terms of where the long-term guidance is. So, the price increase, which will have a little bit of an impact. We feel good about the price increase, but we do anticipate a little bit of volume conversion, which as you know, based on history, you get a bigger volume impact, and then it works its way back up throughout the year. And we'll continue to see that little bit of softness as retailers continue to optimize inventory. And we feel great about the plans and the acceleration, but that SKU rat is really the biggest - kind of the biggest offset.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow: When I try to add up the big building blocks for 2019, it does shape up to be a very different year in terms of what's driving the profit growth. In 2018, as far as I can tell, International segment profits grew a lot. And I think that was largely due to overhead reductions. You had a big advertising cut, like an 11% cut. And then when you think about 2019, those kinds of benefits kind of go away. And what's driving '19, it looks like, is more gross margin expansion, which is fueled a little bit by the pricing, and maybe some other factors. And then maybe the tax rate is a benefit too, although I'm a little unclear. So, is that a more difficult task in '19 given the competitive intensity that you brought up, and also the pressure from retailers that's pushing inventory down? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Now, I feel confident that we've done a very solid job building this plan, and that we have all the right building blocks to deliver that growth and profit algorithm in the way that we've laid out. So I wouldn't say that it is a - I wouldn't say it's a more difficult task. I think we're excited about what we have to deliver that. I think our pricing is on track, so some of the levers that are going to deliver that are already in place. The Easter season which benefits us, pricing, we feel really good about the innovation that we have. So, we feel great about it.
Patricia Little: And just to comment on the taxes, that will be a benefit, the slightly lower tax rate, but that will be basically offset by the fact that, as I mentioned, our non-service related pension costs will be higher in 2019 due to just outset performance at the end of the year. So, that's not a big net overall change to our EPS.
Michele Buck: Yes, Rob, what I would say is I just think we've taken into account a lot of the varying factors going on in the marketplace in a better way than we ever have in the past, and have a strong plan.
Robert Moskow: I appreciate that. But can you comment on the pricing in North America in fourth quarter, it was more negative than I thought it would be. Did some of your price increase get implemented in fourth quarter or did any of it get implemented?
Michele Buck: As we've seen over history, it really takes a period of time for our pricing to hit the marketplace because of the seasons which are sold in so far in advance, and then protecting promotional programs which are usually also about six months out commitments. So, that really would not normally hit till '19, that's when we're anticipating to hit. We've seen a little tiny bit of it show up already, but it'll build as we go throughout the year. So it's totally in line with expectations.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Your line is open.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you, and good morning.
Michele Buck: Hi, David.
David Driscoll: I wanted to ask about your price-volume elasticity expectations. You made a couple of references, Michele, but specifically would volumes be negative in North America in 2019? You've got the longer Easter, but it is a price increase, and so just curious if you actually would guide negative volume growth in North America for 2019?
Michele Buck: I would say closer to flattish on volume.
David Driscoll: Okay.
Michele Buck: Given that we've seen historically and what our elasticity data would show.
David Driscoll: And Patricia, you mentioned, and I think you reiterated in your script, the margin for growth the total program achieving $175 million. You've been at this level for a little while. It sounds like the program is going very well. Is there a possibility of upside to this program? And just give us some cadence here as to how you guys are thinking about that. It's been a while since this program is out, just curious about your revision process. And then specifically, what is the savings expected in 2019? And then I just would love an update on your CFO search, Michele, just to see how that's going? I don't think you mentioned that, but curious how that's going as well. Thank you.
Patricia Little: So, I'll start on the Margin for Growth program, we've been really pleased with how it's done. In really two senses, I just want to say clearly in one sense, and we've talked probably a lot about this, is in terms of the savings that we've had in a lot of function. And I just want to thank all my colleagues on work on, I think, a very effective program. But I also want to say I just never want to forget this, we also use this as an opportunity to invest in more of our commercial capabilities, so is really a change in that, and that's gone very well also. So, we pulled ahead a fair amount into 2018, as I mentioned, that primarily comes out of 2019. There's a small piece that, given just some of the timings as we get into the details of the program, got pushed into 2020, and that relates around some of the - honestly a lot of it is in the finance function gated by our ERP transformation. That'll leave us, I think, pretty much where we expected to be earlier in the year, which is the high end of the program, closer to the $175 million range. And I would expect, if you sort of do that math that puts us in the $30 million to $40 million range for 2019.
Michele Buck: And then, David, to follow-up on the second part of your question regarding the CFO search, it's on track. I have nothing to report at this time, but well, we'll know as soon as we make our announcement.
David Driscoll: Thank you so much.
Michele Buck: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Your line is now open.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much.
Michele Buck: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: Hi. I wanted to dig into the gross profit a little bit. And forgive me if this isn't - just tell me what you feel like you can. But I'm trying to understand this, and I know there's some moving parts, but what an organic rate of gross profit looked like for the fourth quarter broadly. Was that particularly in line with your expectations, because it was a little bit behind mine? And maybe what role costs played, where they a headwind, is there a tailwind there, and what does that mean on the cost piece for 2019? I believe you already commented on gross profit for - gross margin for 2019. Thanks so much.
Patricia Little: So, as I mentioned, we had the - we did have a small write-off in the fourth quarter related to some - we disposed of some underutilized assets. Absent that, we would have been closer to a positive 20 basis points for the quarter. In terms of the underlying cost structure, I would say that what we've really seen, clearly, we as well as everybody else have been hit by inflationary pressures as well as some of the negative price realization. And what you see is that stabilizing in the fourth quarter, especially things like freight, logistics, costs like that they remain high but stable. Going into 2019, we don't see a real reduction in those. We think we're doing a good job of optimizing freight and logistics, but there's still a base level of inflation in that, as well as packaging. We're also starting to see some of the wage inflation related to some of the high employment rates that you especially in some of - like our distribution centers, so that's also a bit of a pressure on us. Opposite that, so we will have some good news in our commodities based on where some of the commodities pricing or hedging program puts us. So, all of those puts and takes puts us at a modest improvement for 2019 growth margin.
Jonathan Feeney: That's really helpful, Patricia. But I guess and again if you don't want to comment fine but I was just thinking you brought private brands to gross profit and you've got a certain amount of the amplify gross profit and I know that some of that got divested but net of that it looks like that seems to be a bigger number than the $15 million in adjusted gross profit year-over-year and I know you have a divestiture, I mean you've got rid of the divestiture that you just talked about, when you net all of that stuff out, I'm trying to understand what the trend is in your organic greater gross profit, so when all this stuff goes comparable, we kind of understand what's going on, is that clear?
Patricia Little: Yes, it is. I would have to think it through that way and I think what we're saying though is those were to get impact what we said all along, we didn't get negative growth margin and we see that goes up to base up the fourth quarter building play there is reaction from amplify is really hardly anything in the fourth quarter. I mean we have to take a little bit further detail offline.
Jonathan Feeney: Yes, we can take it further offline later, thanks so much, appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question is from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer: Thanks, good morning. Question on your U.S. organic growth as we head into 2019, it feels like it's one way to organize the outlook is to think about the big three things going on you have the confectionery innovation that you're doing, you have that SKU rationalization and then you have the build out broader snacking in the distributions you might get there, Could you touch on the big buckets that as you see them and perhaps compare that to 2018 and help us understand where you see an acceleration in organic growth coming from? Thanks.
Patricia Little: Yes, absolutely, so I think at the kind of highest level there will be an acceleration in North American growth driven by price, there will be acceleration driven by season both Easter as well as Halloween and holiday and certainly there will be a contribution from snacking that will be incremental as well and I think I mean I think those are the real biggest buckets to focus on as the biggest change from a year-on-year perspective.
David Palmer: I guess just a follow up, if I were to concentrate on the core confectionery side of things, I guess one thing I wonder about is you've had a few different new products, some of them are combinations of research pieces in your core trademarks, you've kind of gotten two and half years it feels like into some of these call mega extensions and I wonder about the incrementality of the new stuff you're doing versus perhaps the fate of some of the 2017, and 2018 vintages of these extensions, is that something you're managing and do you think you can still manage that on a net positive basis? Thanks.
Patricia Little: Yes, so as you think about 2019, what I'm really excited about in our innovation plan is that our two big innovation are the chocolate packaged candy packaging reinvention which is really a better package but the same product with drive Shelton packed in usability et cetera and then re-spent and we've got a great track record of innovations on this and also any time we innovate close to the core. So I think the innovations we have in 2019 have a lot of the levers to that are tend to be correlated with some of our bigger successes and then I think you're right as we look at SKU rationalization, we include in that some of the past innovation that has had a couple good years of growth but maybe has dwindled down a bit to the point where we have more productive uses of the shelf space and so that's kind of included in that.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English: Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for spotting me in. I was hoping you could comment on the amount of pricing that you expect to be realized in the P&L this year, I heard you say you're on track for the 250 bps contribution but it sounds like the timing of the new bags is going to happen a bit later than we expected and obviously what we're entering the year with what looks to be a fair amount of year-on-year increase in trade spend at least, so we're closing last year which is clearly net price drag, as we contemplate the puts and takes of all that, what do you expecting the growth of the P&L?
Patricia Little: Approximately about 1.5 for the year, as we talked on the last call, it does build throughout the course of the years of the full 3.5 doesn't get realized in the overall P&L, you have built up to that 2.5 by the time you get to the third quarter, so all in that's about all about 0.5 for the year.
Jason English: Okay. Thanks and sorry if you guys had previously given that clarity and then I want to come back on this derationalization drag, I think hearing to your prepared remarks, I mentioned this derationalisations is affording the ability to swap out on productive SKUs with more production SKUs, if that's the case shouldn't this be an acceleration and you're putting higher productive SKUs on shelves, shouldn't be adding to growth net, net and if I know I know you're sitting the drag, what am I missing there?
Patricia Little: Well, there are inventories that get pulled back associated with some of those SKUs, and that's what drives part of that drag, so there's a transition timing, there's the inventory piece and that really creates that.
Jason English: Got it and last question, just these are sort of rapid fire ones, I know in the last call you flagged retail takeaway was tracking about 2.5% you are gaining share, your takeaway has slowed your shares kind of slipped negative despite the strength in Halloween, can you give us some context in color of what drove that sequential consumption deceleration?
Patricia Little: I think I believe we stated we expected our retail takeaway to be about 1% in the fourth quarter and that's exactly where we came in and the key drivers were as we expected, we had some really strong seasonal strength that was the biggest driver. And our share decline decelerated as well, which was expected.
Jason English: Okay, all right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
Patricia Little: Good morning.
Alexia Howard: Hi, I'm trying to have a little poke into the drivers of gross margin, I know there's been a couple of questions on this, but I'm thinking particularly around the outlook for 2019 over the last 18 months, I think you had some headwinds from packaging things like the shelf ready packaging being along with gross margin products maybe some extra packaging costs because of online different format and maybe having to go out to per manufacturers a bit more often to get those different pack types, if that is still a headwind or is it becoming a bit easy and what do you think on the ingredients side of the outlook for 2019? Thank you and I will pass it on.
Patricia Little: Alexia, this is Patricia. Clearly we do expect gross margin expansion, pricing will be a piece of this although I do want do remind everyone that a part of it relates to our new packaging that we're bringing on shelves after Easter and that has a cost implication too, so that pricing is really designed to cover the costs of that. So that doesn't - that's not a net drop down to gross margin. In terms of ingredients, we do expect commodity cost to benefit us this year because when we look at the price of the underlying commodities and then the timing that we get from hedging, so that should be a help to us but we do continue to expect inflation on things like packaging which is both core inflation just pure inflation on packaging which we definitely see as well as continuing to build out things like our retail ready packaging in some of those programs, freight is well it's stabilized, if it's not stabilized at a better number stabilized at where it is and then as I mentioned I think earlier today we are starting to see some wage inflation related to low unemployment rates. So you can really tell from that that there are a number of puts and takes but overall we definitely expect modest gross margin improvement.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner: Good morning, thanks for the question. Patricia, I wanted to come back to your thoughts on reinvestment, it sounds as though there won't be any real robust uptick in advertising spending in 2019, we haven't really seen trade spending increase for about four or five years now, and I can't recall the last time you heard of any real material uptick in feet on the street sales force presence. So as you think about you know the CMG category sticking below the long-term growth rate. The competition from adjacent categories ratcheting up, how do you think about those buckets of investment, I mean is there any area where you're seeing incremental needs being larger or how do you think about the ROI on those buckets devolving just any clarity there will be helpful?
Michele Buck: Hey, John, it's Michele. So I'm going to kick off with some thoughts and Patricia will probably jump in as well. I think. Let me start with advertising. As you think about advertising, while we definitely look at a rate of spend as a percent of net sales, we are also very focused on our delivery of media impressions to the consumer. So if we look at the past year, our consumer impressions or media impressions on our chocolate brands were actually up over 3% for the full-year. So what we're constantly trying to do is optimize how we approach each of these line items to get even more efficient, sometimes we will increase the spending to get impact and other times we will go for efficiency. So, some of the ways we were able to do that we've continued to advance our media capabilities and gotten smarter about how we are targeting some of that media that's driven some of that we've increased the earned impression using that as a lever, which has helped us optimize the portfolio spend. And then also, we created this in-house content studio, which really let us take production costs down, which enables us to put more of that spend into media. So I would say for media, if you think about that, that's a good analogy to how we think about every item every one of our line items. As we look at trade promotion, we mentioned previously that one of our ERP application is a new trade promotion module that we think gives us better insight. Frankly, industry leading insight and that will enable us to get more both more effectiveness, more impact, but also hopefully more efficiency that helps to drive net price realization as well. And so, we are constantly looking at how we build those differentiated capabilities, e-commerce, and other place that we're looking to build those that. As the world has evolved, even though we value very much our retail force in bricks-and-mortar, and we constantly upgrade the skills there. We look at e-commerce as a new channel. And we've certainly invested a lot to build capability in that area, invested in new distribution capacity that we think we're bet we're investing in a balanced way while also trying to optimize within.
John Baumgartner: Yes, and I don't - that sounds great. I agree with everything you said.
Michele Buck: Great. Thanks for your time.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Steve Strycula with UBS. Your line is open.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning. So just to circle back - circle back on a question that you had touched on a little bit earlier. So I apologize, if there's any redundancy here. But on the SKU rationalization Michele, can you just help us understand and unpack that was the key catalyst when you kind of embarked on this mission, maybe last year, was it more just better intelligence as you kind of looked across the portfolio or maybe you weren't optimizing certain space or is it more focused on some of the smaller brands such as Crave and why not, so that will be the first part my question then I have a follow-up?
Michele Buck: Okay. Sure. So the real impetus was complexity that we were starting to see the complexity creating some challenges in gross margin, frankly. And so, it was really about simplification to drive that productivity through reducing merchants - merge units, assortments, some of our innovation et cetera.
Steve Strycula: Okay. And then, question for your full-year guidance. Just wanted to understand a little bit more, so we think about the benefit of the longer Easter season being about half of a point for your old sales growth over the full-year, is that pretty fair and then on the input costs assumptions the way you build out your gross margin expectations, have you factor that in based off kind of the current spot rates or you build in a little anticipated inflation just so we can kind of gauge the conservatism? Thank you.
Michele Buck: So relative to Easter, yes, about a half a point is how you should think about it. And Patricia, do you want to handle the…
Patricia Little: Yes, on our key commodities because we hedge one of the things that gives us is a lot of good cost visibility. So definitely include in our plan, we have those pretty, since we hedged three - 24 months out, we have good visibility into that. We also, stay in very close touch with the market on things like packaging, freight, wages that allow us to, I think do very good at estimating the impact of those.
Steve Strycula: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Rob Dickerson: Great. Thank you so much. So Michele I just have a broader question with respect to the - I guess the 22% to 23% margin, operating margin targets you put out two years ago. So I think you know I hear you for 19 gross margin to be up modestly or its sadly some of that's more commodity driven honestly off of restructuring spend or ERP efficiency et cetera. And you said also that on the operating margin side that that sounds like that would be up a little bit more than what we've seen historically but frankly over the past call it three years we haven't seen that much. So I'm just wondering like if we think about what this implied margin, expectation with a need to be for 2020, is that still rational, given what I'm hearing is the increased efficiency, increased velocity probability, a few rationalizations and more targeted spend. But I'm also hearing that maybe there's some need given the competitive environment that if you're more efficient, you might need to reinvest more, which therefore could, maybe increase the probability of accelerated top line growth but not as much margin expansion at the company which might not be a bad thing. So I'm just curious to updated thoughts around kind of the top line growth relative for profitability expression platform. Thanks.
Michele Buck: So our target when we set the target it was really set to ensure that we will be in the top core tile amongst our sector and that's really the goal and the intent of that EBIT margin target. We will always take a balanced approach to expanding margins and growing the top line, and we know that sometimes we will shift in one direction versus the other. But we think that balanced approach is critically important. 2018 overall was a pretty tough year for the industry from a margin perspective. But we're confident in our plans to make that progress in 2019 that you referenced both in terms of on the gross margin line and a little bit below. So we think there's always opportunity there and we need to continue to evolve and attack each line item in the P&L to go after margin improvement and will continue to do that going forward.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes our Q&A session. I'd like to turn the program back over to our presenters for any additional remarks.
Melissa Poole: Thank you for joining us this morning. We will be around today for any follow-up questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's program. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co. Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co. Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's Third Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. My name is David, and I'll be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. This call is scheduled to end at 9:30 AM. Please note that this call may be recorded. Thank you. It's now my pleasure to turn today's conference over to Ms. Melissa Poole. You may begin your conference.
Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meanings of the federal securities laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in these forward-looking statements contained in our 2017 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Michele.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we get started this morning, I'd like to take a minute to recognize and thank Patricia. As I'm sure you're aware, Patricia has announced her intention to retire in the spring of 2019. She has been a valued leader as we have: created a more profitable and sustainable international business model; instilled a more disciplined cost management model across the enterprise; and upgraded the company's financial systems, an important piece of our ERP transformation. Patricia and I will continue to work closely together over the next several months as we search for and transition to a new CFO. Overall, I am pleased with the progress we are making against our key strategic focus areas. Our third quarter results were in line with expectations, and we remain on track to achieve the financial targets we shared earlier this year. Our U.S. core confection retail takeaway and share trends are sequentially improving in line with our expectations, driven by strong Halloween results and distribution gains on core items. The addition of Pirate's brands strengthens our brand portfolio and marks our second high growth, high margin acquisition this year to capture incremental snacking occasions. Our International business continues to deliver profitability improvements, while driving strong constant currency organic sales growth. Importantly, we are achieving these results while staying true to our values and purpose, as evidenced by being named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the sixth consecutive year. Constant currency net sales increased 3% in the third quarter, including a net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures of 2.5 points. Foreign currency exchange was a 0.7 point headwind. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $1.55 increased 20% compared to the third quarter last year. In the U.S., we are focused on executing a strong finish to the Halloween season, both in store and online. From core innovation and occasions programming, to strong sell-in with more than 500 employees volunteering at retail, we are out-performing the category and on track to deliver our first-ever $600 million season. The power of our core brands and breadth of our product lineup enable us to deliver great assortments for trick or treating and Halloween parties. Our focus on optimizing mixes, piece counts and price points has driven strong mid-single-digit growth this year, enabled by some of the core capacity investment and expansion we did earlier in the year. We also have exciting Glow in the Dark packaging on select Hershey's, Reese's and Kit Kat products to add some additional magic to the season. We're seeing great engagement and ideas from consumers on social media for these new products. For those who were able to join us in late August for our digital update, the designed for online assortment bag we featured, made BuzzFeed's top 10 best things to buy on Amazon list earlier this month. If you haven't gotten your candy yet, there is still time. As expected, this Halloween strength and other key initiatives are driving sequentially improved retail takeaway and market share performance on our core confection business. In measured channels, for the last 12 weeks ending October 14, Hershey's CMG takeaway increased 0.4% versus the prior-year period, resulting in flat market share. In the latest four weeks, Hershey's CMG takeaway grew 2.5%, resulting in a market share gain of 22 basis points, with improvements across classes of trade. This enhanced performance is driven primarily by our chocolate brands, which grew 3.2% in the latest four weeks, resulting in a market share gain of 24 basis points. In addition to Halloween, distribution gains on core SKUs and new campaigns are driving better results. On September 13, Milton Hershey's birthday, we activated our new Hershey's Heartwarming campaign. The inspiration for this campaign came not only from Milton Hershey, who believed chocolate can bring people together, but also from others who are using Hershey's Milk Chocolate Bars to create positive connection and bring individuals and communities closer together. Our mission started from the inside out. I, along with hundreds of our employees from across the country, took to the streets to bring a little warmth back to communities through the gift of chocolate that day. This launch is a great example of how we are leveraging new models to make our spending more impactful and efficient. In addition to our paid media, we secured over 2,000 media placements and almost 700 million earned or non-paid media impressions from this activation. We are really excited about the early results we are seeing from this activation. In the past month, since we launched the campaign, retail takeaway on our Hershey's Milk, Hershey's Almond and Hershey's Special Dark Bars, which represent almost $750 million of retail sales, was up almost 7%. Our Reese's performance is also accelerating, as expected, behind Halloween strength, a refreshed campaign and the national rollout of Outrageous. In the latest four weeks, Reese's retail takeaway of plus 5% resulted in a CMG share gain of 30 basis points. In addition, we are making progress against our distribution initiatives we shared in July. Since May, our team has secured over 10,000 incremental points of distribution on our core Ice Breakers Mint pucks in the convenience store channel alone. These items have leading velocities and strong margins for both Hershey and our retailers. This incremental distribution has resulted in improving top-line and share performance for our mints business. This is just one example of how we're leveraging analytics to drive space optimization with our retailers. While our overall points of distribution are down due to the SKU rationalization program we announced earlier this year, we believe our focus on ensuring the highest velocity items are on-shelf will pay dividends for both us and our retailers going forward. As the retail environment continues to change, our category management teams have also identified several opportunities to secure incremental space for the category at select retailers. The velocities and margins of confection items, particularly for iconic brands, are still some of the best in the store. So we are excited to capture these opportunities and keep the momentum going as we exit 2018 and head into 2019. This year's innovation, Hershey's Gold and Reese's Outrageous, are continuing to performance well and are in line with our expectations. We will continue to support both launches in the fourth quarter with consumer promotions and merchandising, to not only drive trial, but also support our core portfolio, as well. In December, we are launching the first-ever mash-up of our two most iconic brands. Hershey's with Reese's Pieces will be available in a bar format. We also have our first new holiday-flavored Kisses in almost a decade this holiday season. Kisses Hot Cocoa Chocolates combine marshmallow-flavored cream and classically delicious Hershey's milk chocolate, recreating the experience of drinking a cup of hot cocoa. Similar to innovation earlier this year, these new products will leverage our iconic brands to drive merchandising and consumer excitement in a very cost-effective way. We are also on track to roll out new, improved packaging on our take-home bars next spring. This change affects more than $0.5 billion of sales and we believe will improve branding, shelf appeal and improved consumer experience. Let me just correct that. It's on our take-home bags, excuse me. This is a great example of non-product innovation that can drive core brand and category growth. And finally, I couldn't be more excited about another upcoming innovation that will launch in March of 2019. Consumers love Reese's in all shapes and sizes. And now, they will have a new experience with a new benefit with our launch of Reese's Thins. This product is about 40% thinner than the original cup, and it appeals to those consumers who want something sweet with more permissibility. They will be available in individually-wrapped pieces in both milk and dark chocolate varieties in our newly-redesigned take-home bags. This product truly provides a differentiated benefit, and we've seen this thins concept play well in other categories. For 2019, we have a balanced approach, a combination of news, packaging innovation, as well as unique offerings that we believe will drive core brand growth. Now, for an update on Amplify, SkinnyPop continues to show strong growth in the marketplace, driven by both distribution and velocity gains. In measured channels, retail takeaway grew 10.3% in the latest 12 weeks ending October 7. This was driven by core SkinnyPop ready-to-eat popcorn, which grew over 8%, resulting in a category share gain of one full point. As we shared earlier this year, our goal has been to maintain the entrepreneurial spirit of the team in Austin, while leveraging Hershey's capabilities to capture new occasions and sales opportunities. The biggest example of this is our category management and shopper insights expertise. The Austin team has spent a considerable amount of time learning from, and developing relationships with our Hershey team to ensure they are fully leveraging our vast data, tools, and insights. This has enabled them to elevate conversations with retailers and secure incremental distribution and better placement for SkinnyPop, as well as provide strategic counsel to retailers on optimizing overall aisle efficiency. These skills and relationships will be critical as we continue to expand our footprint more broadly within snacking. Last week, we closed on our acquisition of Pirate's brands. Pirate's Booty, the principal brand in the portfolio, is a sizable fast-growing cheese puff brand with on-trend, better for you attributes and high margins. We expect the full Pirate's brands portfolio to be a great fit for Hershey's growing portfolio of snacking brands, which is targeted toward consumers who are looking for great-tasting snacks without compromise. As with Amplify, we believe this acquisition is a terrific business model fit with our core capabilities. We are best at driving great brands with scale and high margins in expandable consumption categories. We have a deep understanding of consumer snacking behaviors, best-in-class category management expertise, a growing digital commerce capability, and strong retailer relationships across formats. We believe that all of these will be key assets to expand and grow our full snacking portfolio in the future. Pirate's Booty can be found in grocery and club stores. And we believe there's an opportunity to leverage our category management and insights to work to unlock additional growth, particularly in the mass and convenience classes of trade. Year-to-date, the brand has consistently grown high single digits in measured channels, with growth over 7% in the latest four and 12 week periods. Importantly, the growth has been balanced across both distribution and velocity gains on core SKUs, a key indicator of healthy and sustainable expansion. I hope many of you were able to join our webcast focused on digital commerce at the end of August. We believe the competitive advantages we have in traditional brick-and-mortar stores translate to the digital world for our entire portfolio: beloved brands; deep customer relationships and category management expertise; strength in media; and strong margins. Our initiatives are paying off in 2018. We are increasing trips online. We are trading consumers up to higher price points. And we are driving larger basket sizes, while maintaining our margin profile. Our digital commerce net sales for the quarter were up over 60%. And our market share increased 180 basis points. We believe we have the right strategy, organizational focus, talent, and technology to accelerate growth as industry infrastructure continues to expand. Our investments in U.S. manufacturing capacity expansion are on track. Over the last year, we have invested more than $150 million in U.S. supply chain advancements. The Kit Kat line in Hazleton, PA, announced earlier this spring, is expected to be completed by year-end, and will start benefiting us in Q1, 2019. Additionally, our expansion on Ice Breakers gum and our Midwest Distribution Center are also on track and expected to be complete in the next three to six months. Now, for an update on our International and Other segment, we continue to make great progress on our transformation, with profitability improving meaningfully again in the quarter, while driving top-line growth. Combined constant currency net sales growth in Mexico, Brazil, and India was approximately 10%. In China, our constant currency organic sales were up double digits, driven by focus on our core Hershey's portfolio. Year-to-date, our operating profit is $65 million, already $20 million ahead of our previous full-year segment high in 2012. Importantly, each country is contributing to the profit and top-line improvements as we shift the mix to more profitable core and right-size our investments. Last week, we launched our iconic Hershey Kisses brand in India. Over the past decade, we have introduced a range of Hershey's products that are loved by families across India, from Hershey's syrup, to cocoa, to milkshakes, to chocolate spreads. And Hershey's is a leading brand in each of these categories. We believe the launch of Hershey Kisses will further fuel our growth in this strategic market. In summary, we delivered solid top and bottom-line performance. And we are seeing sequential improvement in retail takeaway trends, CMG market share, and gross margin, in line with expectations. We have a great holiday program ahead of us, and continued distribution gains to keep the momentum going through Q4 and into 2019 on our core U.S. confection business. And our International business and broader snacking portfolio continue to perform well and remain on track to deliver additional sales and profit growth for the company. I'll now turn it over to Patricia, who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Michele, and thank you for the kind words. Good morning, everyone. Third quarter net sales of $2.08 billion increased 2.3% versus the same period last year. Constant currency net sales increased 3%, with foreign currency exchange a 70 basis point headwind. The net impact of acquisitions and divestitures was a 2.5 point benefit to net sales growth. As a reminder, M&A contribution to overall growth in Q3 was less than in the first half of the year due to our Tyrrells and Shanghai Golden Monkey divestitures. The Q3 contribution from the North American Amplify business was comparable to Q2. Volume was a 1.7 point benefit in Q3, which was partially offset by negative net price realization of 1.2 points. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $1.55 was an increase of 20.2% versus the same period last year. Income from a more favorable tax rate, SM&A declines, acquisition and volume growth were partially offset by gross margin declines. We are reaffirming our full year net sales and adjusted EPS outlook. We expect reported net sales to be at the low end of the 3.5% to 5.5% range, with approximately a 3.5 point net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures. We continue to expect organic net sales growth to be slightly up versus prior year. Full year adjusted earnings per share-diluted are expected to be in the $5.33 to $5.43 range, an increase of 14% to 16%. We anticipate the top and bottom-line impact from our recent acquisition of Pirate Brands to be minimal in 2018. By segment, North America net sales increased 2.9% versus the same period last year. The Amplify acquisition added 3.7 points and volume gains contributed 90 basis points. Net price realization and foreign currency exchange rates were a 150 and a 20 basis point headwind, respectively. The negative price realization was in line with expectations, driven by slightly higher levels of planned promotional support as well as true-up of trade accruals and other accounting impacts. These trade rate increases are not resulting in deflationary retail prices on our confection brands. Per IRI, on average, our retail price per pound is relatively flat to prior year. Therefore, we remain confident in our ability to execute the price increase we announced in July. As a reminder, this pricing action of approximately 2.5% had several components and will predominantly impact 2019. While some of the price increase will take place in January, the redesign of our packaged candy portfolio will flow through in early Q2, and seasons will begin realizing price in Q3 with Halloween. With the multiple levers we are employing with this action, we expect retail shelf prices to increase on approximately 20% of the portfolio. Given our targeted approach and continued investment in the category, we expect solid conversion, similar to previous actions. North America advertising-related consumer marketing spend declined 18.5% in the quarter. I want to spend a couple of minutes providing some important details and context here. Media spend for our strategic scale brands was in line with prior year for the quarter. We are leveraging analytic tools to improve effectiveness of this spend to get more reach and impressions for the same amount of dollars. So far this year, we have achieved double-digit ROI increases in four of our top five brands. We are also focused on expanding our reach through earned media by having authentic and appropriate content in the right channels. Our Heartwarming campaign is a great example of this. As we work through new models, we are also taking advantage of cost savings in agency and production fees, as we leverage the appropriate production for different channels. An example of this is the creation of our own in-house production studio that went live earlier this year. This is enabling us not only to take advantage of our great employee creativity, but also to be faster and more cost effective. We have also continued to right-size our investments in our smaller, emerging brands in line with our previously-stated strategy. We remain committed to supporting our portfolio and will continue to invest at levels significantly above industry average. Now, for an update on Amplify, as Michele mentioned, sales growth remained strong, with core SkinnyPop ready-to-eat popcorn continuing to grow high-single digits. We are on track to deliver our acquisition model for both the top and bottom line in 2018 and anticipate approximately $0.08 EPS accretion this year. Third quarter total International and Other segment net sales decreased 1.9%, including a 6.4 point impact from divestitures and a 4 point headwind from unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Volume and net price realization were a 780 and a 70 basis point benefit, respectively. Mexico, Brazil, and India strength continued, with combined constant-currency net sales growth of approximately 10%, and the transformation of our China business is ahead of our expectations. International and Other advertising and related consumer marketing declined 1.7%, in line with our expectations as we right-size our investments to drive more profitable growth. Now, turning to gross margin, adjusted gross profit of $916 million declined 0.6%, resulting in an adjusted gross margin of 44%, a decline of 130 basis points versus the third quarter of last year. This is in line with our expectations for the quarter and was driven by higher year-over-year freight and logistics costs, as well as incremental investments in trade and packaging. As we had shared earlier this year, we expect continued sequential improvement in year-over-year change in Q4, given the pattern of last year's inflationary pressures. Third quarter adjusted operating profit of $471 million increased 5.1% versus the third quarter of 2017. This resulted in an adjusted operating profit margin of 22.6%, an increase of 60 basis points, driven by lower selling, marketing, and administrative expenses. As Michele mentioned, we are really excited about the addition of Pirate Brands to our portfolio. Net sales of the business are approximately $90 million, and EBITDA is between $25 million and $30 million. This acquisition was financed with short-term borrowings and cash on hand. We expect minimal impact to our leverage targets, given our strong cash flow and anticipation of slight accretion in year one for the acquisition. Additionally, there is no change to our credit ratings. Moving down the P&L, interest expense of $37 million increased $12 million versus Q3 of last year, driven by the Amplify acquisition. Full-year 2018 interest expense is expected to be approximately $140 million, the high end of our previous range, including the impact from our recent acquisition of Pirate Brands. The adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 22.8% versus 30.3% in the year-ago period, driven by U.S. tax reform. We expect the full year 2018 adjusted tax rate to be approximately 19%. Third quarter other income and expense was $8.5 million, a decline of $16.7 million versus the year-ago period. This year-over-year decline is driven by timing related to our investment tax credit strategy. Our full-year 2018 outlook remains the same at $65 million to $70 million. For the third quarter of 2018, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 211 million. The company did not repurchase common shares in the third quarter to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options or against the October 2019 or July 2018 share repurchase authorization. The total combined outstanding authorization is $560 million. Total capital additions including software were $105 million in the third quarter. For the full-year 2018, we expect CapEx to be in the $355 million to $375 million range, in line with previous estimates. We continue to return cash to our shareholders with third quarter dividends of $147 million. This was our 355th consecutive quarterly dividend on the common stock. Our Margin for Growth program is progressing nicely, and we remain on track to deliver the high end of $150 million to $175 million program savings range. We have executed a significant portion of the initiatives and now believe our restructuring costs will be slightly less than initial expectations. We now expect total estimated project costs of approximately $340 million to $355 million, versus our original estimate of $375 million to $425 million. That concludes my financial discussion. Thank you for your time this morning. I'll now turn it back over to Michele for some closing remarks.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, Patricia. As we have shared consistently this year, we are focused on delivering our 2018 commitments, and we are on track to do so. I am confident in our strategies, and I am extremely proud of our Hershey team as we build momentum in the back half of the year. I am pleased with the momentum on our core U.S. confection business. Our growing snack brands are performing well. And we are excited about the opportunity that Pirate Brands brings to our portfolio. And our International business continues to provide meaningful top and bottom-line growth. We will continue to invest in our business as we look towards 2019. Our pricing strategy will begin to have an impact in 2019, along with strong seasonal growth, including a long Easter, core capacity expansion, solid innovation plans, new campaigns and growing digital capabilities. We will continue to do this while operating in a way that is consistent with our values and purpose. And our focus remains on long-term value creation. Patricia, Melissa, and I are now available to take your questions.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Andrew Lazar. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. I think the start of this year, you had guided consumer spend or advertising and consumer to be down slightly, with more of the focus on spending on analytics and some of the enterprise resource planning that you're doing. I guess year-to-date, it's down a bit more than that, around 10% or so. And I know your long-term targets would have A&C growing more in line with sales. So I guess I'm just trying to get a sense if that's still the expectation longer term. And if so, would we expect some type of step-up next year to get more on that long-term track?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, Andrew. We continue, as you know, to have a very heavy investment in our brands, much higher than the industry average. And if we look at the investment we've had on our core brands on both in Q3, where it was flat, so we had very stable investment. And on a year-to-date basis, our investment in our core brands was actually up. So what we really try and do as we go through the year is leverage the learnings that we're getting and making sure that we are constantly putting our spend in the most effective places. As we looked at this year and got into it, we believed that we were overspending on some of the smaller brands, and we wanted to reduce that spend to ensure every dollar counts to drive business. And also, we did have an accounting change that resulted in moving some dollars out of the consumer marketing line into trade. So as you look at the go-forward, you're going to see some of that continued right-sizing between now and the end of the year, but as you think about 2019, I would tell you, we are very strongly committed to investing where there are returns. The accounting changes will have lapped the right-sizing of the smaller brands. And you shouldn't expect to see declines like we've had in 2018. We think that we'll be more set in terms of our normal track of spend and moving forward.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bryan Spillane. Your line is open.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Morning.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Morning.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess I just wanted to understand a little bit more, just in the fourth quarter, it still implies a pretty wide EPS guidance range for the fourth quarter. And I guess given the visibility that you have into a lot of the seasonal stuff you're doing, just trying to understand what the variables are that might sort of drive you to the high end or the low end of that range, just why such a wide range in the fourth quarter.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Patricia, you want to take a crack at that?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, we really haven't had any major changes at all in our outlook for the full year EPS. And we just left the range where it was, just to, frankly, make sure that we were working right into that number. (33:30)
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So it doesn't imply that there's any potential for like you were anticipating any volatility in costs or shipment timing or anything like that?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: No.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: That's correct.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Goldman. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. One quick one and then a follow-up, if I can, for 2018, management had previously guided for the gross margin being down 120 basis points year-on-year and the EBIT margin being flattish year-on-year. I may have missed it, but I don't think you specifically reiterated those numbers. Can you help me out with those? And then, I have a quick follow-up, if you will allow me.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Patricia, you want to talk about gross margin?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, so Q3 came in right in line with our expectation. And, as we've stated before, really the change versus each quarter is heavily impacted more by the phasing that we saw last year in 2017. So we continue to expect Q4 gross margins to be in line with or slightly up from prior year because last year, the fourth quarter is really when we saw the big impacts of inflationary pressures. So we're also very focused on our continuous improvement program, our Margin for Growth initiatives. In Q4, all of those are on track. I think we'll come in the full year slightly below the 125 basis points, but we continue to be very pleased with the progress that we're making there. In terms of operating margin, it remains where we expected it to be.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then my quick follow-up is you had also, of course, not given guidance on 2019, but you had said previously, you expect: sales for 2019 at the low end of the 2% to 4% range; the gross margin up year-on-year; corporate expenses, I think, down as much as $100 million. Again, these aren't officially guidance items, but just for our modeling purposes, as we sit here today, are they still reasonable projections, roughly?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: We really aren't going to talk about guidance until the late January call. So I don't know that we want to give any other additional perspective on that right now.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Right. We're still working through our plans, as we speak. And we'll be back to you in the fourth quarter call with more specificity.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Driscoll. Your line is open.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Good morning, everybody.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Morning.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Patricia, I'm not sure if we're going to get to hear you on the January conference call, but if we don't, I really do appreciate all your help over the years. My question is just on this emerging momentum within the chocolate franchise. I believe you called out the four week data at up 3.2%, and market share up about 24 basis points. Can you just spend a little time here and talk about the competitive dynamic? Where do you see the momentum really building? What I'm trying to get at here, is it really the seasonal piece of it, so that'll carry through the fourth quarter, but then when we get to the first quarter, it's got to kind of flip to the core franchise?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, so thanks for the question, David. So we certainly are seeing a big impact from seasons. As you know, Halloween and holiday are some of our largest seasons. We had a very strong sell-in to retail. So the retailers bought. Then, obviously, the key is we need to see consumers buy. And we're really thrilled that we're seeing that sell-through, where consumers are buying and the season is up. And oh, by the way, that bodes well for the (37:21). If we sell-through well, the buy is then very strong. As we look to the end of the quarter, we anticipate a good holiday because, again, we have a good sell-in for holiday and so we're expecting to see that as well. The other place that we are really seeing some momentum and anticipate a bit more momentum is, though most of our velocity or momentum right now is on seasons, we have distribution gains that we've shared with you in the past that we are working towards that we are starting to secure. And we do believe that we'll see more of the benefits of those distribution gains as the year progresses and into early next year. And we've also seen some velocity increases, particularly on the variety brands, where we've invested incrementally, as well as on Hershey and Reese. So we believe that we're seeing kind of the green shoots of that, that we anticipate will continue. So as we look at the fourth quarter, we believe that we'll see continued takeaway strength, you know, we believe at 1% or perhaps greater.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then, just a quick follow-up, Patricia, if you could just address North American pricing. In your script, I believe you said pricing was negative 1.5%, but that retail level pricing wasn't really changing. So if you're giving lower prices to your customers, what did you get for it? So it's not lowering the price at retail, which I would expect to have like a positive volume benefit, but if you don't get lower retail prices, what are you getting for that price investment?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, so we had a number of impacts in the third quarter, and some of them are the accounting that Michele already mentioned. So some of our costs moved from our marketing expense off into trade. (39:16) We also had a little bit more prior-year adjustments than we've had -- or we've had more of an impact of that. So that's a piece of it. That's actually not quite half of the change. In terms of the rest of it, different promotional programs deliver different benefits. And we are always trying to mix those out so that the consumer, as well as the retailer, gets the advantage of it. And we see different impacts, in fact, across different segments and classes of trade of our business. We just didn't want to give the impression that we're seeing a deflationary impact on the prices. So we think that our overall trade is working hard for us. We always want to make it work harder. And we continue to feel really confident that the pricing that we talked about earlier will bear the fruit that we're expecting.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, I'd just also clarify and remind everyone that the pricing action we took really will impact us in 2019. If we look at some of the straight pricing in terms, we anticipate we'll see the benefit in Q1. We'll start to see some of the wait-out that we took on our consumer packaged candy line in Q2. And then, as you know, we plan seasons out very far, so some of the benefits around seasons from pricing will come as late as Q3, just so that you all remember that.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Morning.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: What role would you say the distribution gains are playing right now with the acquired brands with SkinnyPop? And looking forward into 2019, can you give us some viewpoint as to not only in the Amplify brands, but the Pirate brands that are coming up, are there opportunities to grow through distribution? And again, how much of the growth right now is distribution-driven versus, you know, same-store sales, if you will, or velocity? Thanks very much.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, on this piece of the portfolio, Jonathan, both distribution and velocity are opportunities. So we're certainly seeing some distribution gain benefits, because one of the greatest synergy values that we can bring as a company is the category management piece, where in many places, SkinnyPop velocities were the strongest on-shelf within the category, but the distribution or the facings did not match with that velocity strength. So we're about right-sizing that. We are also about expanding distribution into the classes of trade where we have the strongest presence where SkinnyPop was underdeveloped. It was underdeveloped at Walmart, convenience stores, et cetera. We're realizing some of that now, but there's more to come. But velocity is also very important. And we're pleased that we're continuing to see strength in velocity on these brands as well. So you're going to see a mix of both on the entire portfolio of acquisition brands.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, good morning. Just a question on organic sales, it feels like the fourth quarter might be one where you could have shipments be even stronger than consumption. You mentioned holiday demand or seasonal demand is strong and we've heard that, too. And you talked about some new products that are coming, some of which that may be shipped ahead of the first quarter. So I know your organic sales guidance implies something similar for the fourth quarter as to what you have done year-to-date, but should we be thinking that the fourth quarter would be higher? Thanks.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, David, I would say the answer to that is no. As you know, we have noise between takeaway and net sales, given the dynamics of our category, particularly given the fact that about a third of our business is seasonal. And we also have a promotionally-driven business as well. So those things combined with the impact of SKU rationalization, and then as some of you have called out, some inventory contraction. We have some consolidation in the industry that's leading to that. We also do have some retailers who are looking to increase inventory to ensure that they can minimize out of stocks. But as we planned this year, we anticipated that net sales would be below our retail takeaway in the fourth quarter because of some of these factors I talked about, and we're continuing to believe that that will be the case.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So I know you're not giving an outlook for next year, but could you give us some commentary around the progression of the gross margin? You're obviously lapping tough comps. They're getting easier next quarter. We should get more towards the flattish area on the gross margin next quarter. You've got pricing kicking in in a positive way. I'm not sure how much of a headwind some of the other factors like freight and packaging are likely to be next year, or where commodity costs are going. But will we be right in thinking that things are getting easier on the gross margin side from here on out?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, let me provide overall commentary. And I'll let Patricia go a little bit deeper. So, Alexia, I would say that I don't know if I would say things are getting easier. Because it feels like they never get easier. But we do believe that we will be making improvement on margins as we exit 2018, and as we go into 2019, part of that, obviously, driven by pricing and the impact that we will get as our pricing hits next year. But do you want to talk a little bit about cost inputs, Patricia?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, there's been a lot of discussion about freight and logistics, so let me start there. We started to feel the impact of that about a year ago. And that has certainly continued, and I don't expect that to change going forward into next year, because the structural reasons that freight costs are higher are not going to go away, in terms of some of the cost pressures that those give us. Commodities are always something we look hard at. We make sure that our hedging program is focused on really giving us cost visibility into those parts of the portfolio. And we're not expecting a huge impact from that. So, overall, I think what we will see is continued improvement, as Michele said, driven by pricing and our continuous improvement program that we're always extremely focused on.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, John.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Michele, I wanted to come back to the A&C spend. I understand the concentration of resources and also your spend level relative to peers. But when we think about confectionery versus other snacks, I mean, the share of stomach is still under pressure. So, whether it takes the form of ad spend or the other in-store expenses and I think trade pulling up in flat (46:49) for about the last four years or so as it is, why doesn't absolute spend still have to be higher? I mean, is the incremental ROI on core brands leveling off at this point? I'm just trying to square the comments versus the absolute growth.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure, so when we think about the right investment, while certainly spend can be a benchmark, the real thing we look at are the number impressions that we're delivering and how we're delivering impressions. And so, if we can get better, more targeted, better insights, better copy, a better media approach, or the addition of social media and earned impressions in the mix, that really influences our decisions about how to support each and every brand. And the other piece simply is, as we look at the portfolio, a lot of this really does come down to some of the smaller brands, where we spent against some of those a bit more like they were a big brand model. And some of the more emerging brands are really driven more by an impact at retail, making the brands visible at retail, ensuring they have the right facings on shelf. And mass media spend is not the right approach for some of those smaller household brands, brands that have, call it, 5% household penetration, versus a brand like Reese that has 55%. So we are spending more on some of the brands like a Reese, and we do testing constantly to understand where there is upside, where we think that we can spend even more and get more. But it's really all based on looking at those impressions we can deliver.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Does that help?
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, absolutely, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for squeezing me in. I appreciate that. First, a quick housekeeping question, you started the year with a tax rate around 20% to 22%. It's now drifted to 19%. Is 19% a good number to assume for next year or is there risk that this drifts higher?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, again, we haven't planned out all of the 2019 pieces of the business that allow us to hone in on the tax rate, but I think that's a reasonable planning stance.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you. And I want to go back to Michele's comment on some gross margin improvement as we go into 2019, with pricing playing an important role. Of the 250 basis points of price, we're getting to around 200 basis points coming from the wait-out initiative on the multi-serve bags. Is that reasonable?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: No.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: What do you have?
Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co.: Jason, this is Melissa. We had said of the 2.5, about 50 basis points was the retailer terms and then of the remaining 2, it was about half and half between the straight price and the wait-out, so we've called about 100 basis points of the 250. (49:32-49:44)
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And on that wait-out, you mentioned that it's being accompanied with a packaging upgrade. And we were down there in August and, as we discussed, it's clearly a more expensive pack. Does the cost benefit of the wait-out outmatch the incremental cost of the packaging or do you actually get some surplus?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I don't know that we really want to get into the details of margins by items that we have in the portfolio. I would say that we feel good that as we add value to the consumer, that we are netting out in line with a good value proposition that enables us to cover the incremental costs and still have very strong margins across the business. So I'd say you can think about it as it's net in line. We're not losing anything. We're not realizing a windfall, but it's net in line in terms of covering the costs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Totally. So that kind of net's neutral. We're left with about 150 basis points that can cover the rest of the inflation in the system.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yep.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: That's fair.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rob Dickerson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much. I just had a simple question on International. Obviously, there was a sizable step-up in volume performance in the quarter and then the operating margin, I believe, was around 13%. So, I asked last call, is the low double-digit kind of run rate over the next couple years still feasible on International and the answer was yes, but we're seeing it now, not two years out from now. So the first question is just is that 13% a rational expectation going forward into 2019 and Q4 and what have you and then also just the volume performance in International, what's driving that outside of just the divestment of Golden Monkey, and is that sustainable?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So let me talk about the volume performance and then I'm going to hand it over to Patricia to talk a bit about the margin. So, I feel really good about the sustainability of the volume performance. If you look at what we've done over the past couple years here in our portfolio, we have transitioned our portfolio to highly branded higher gross margin items. Our number one focus is on the Hershey's brand and our Hershey's portfolio, and the growth we are getting is from that brand, and from the other invested brands in the marketplace. So, the growth looks to be very sustainable and especially as we've divested parts of the portfolio that really were creating the biggest drag, both in terms of the top line but also profit. So, I'll turn it over to Patricia now to talk a bit about margin.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, we couldn't be more pleased with the performance of International in the third quarter. They really delivered and, frankly, over-delivered versus where we thought they'd do at the beginning of the year. So we're pleased. The margin performance, though, is pretty seasonal. And fourth quarter is always the lowest margin business because we are spending against Chinese New Year that has not occurred yet. So that's just always a low margin quarter and you'll see that again this year.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our last question today from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. So I did want to follow-up on the distribution gains and how it relates to inventory. And I do think you're doing the right thing by taking a conservative approach to forecasting inventory de-loading. But you said that your core business distribution has been expanding. When we looked at Nielsen data, I guess overall distribution is still declining this year. Do you have a number for your overall distribution, and is that up or down? And then, I have a follow-up on taxes as a going away present for Patricia.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: I'm not going to go away yet. You can hold it.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, Rob, I guess as you think about distribution, our biggest focus on driving distribution is on driving productive distribution and really taking a look at what's on the shelf, and ensuring that the highest velocity items are gaining distribution. So while overall points of distribution, given they're not all equal, may not be up, what we're feeling good about is that we are making some really good calls to get more productive items on the shelf.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And does the SKU rationalization cause any further distribution declines, just for the overall footprint?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, if you look at total points, I would say yes, because the key things we would be getting rid of are the less productive items. And so some of that can come through, though some of the SKU rationalization is around merchandising units as well, which it doesn't translate to a strict SKU.
Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, and, Rob, this is Melissa. We had talked a little bit before when we talked about the SKU rationalization program, that you probably would see more of an impact on net sales than you would retail takeaway, as you're taking some inventory out of the system for some of those merchandising vehicles and other things that won't show up as much in retail, but you would see some inventory contraction there.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then, Patricia, thanks again for all your help over the years, but for the tax rate guidance now at 19%, that's a little lower than before, but it's related to your other income line because of the government tax program. So where is that line going to come in? Is that going to be around like last year at $95 million because I think the original guidance was a lot lower than that?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, we haven't changed our guidance on that. Our full year 2018 outlook is still $65 million to $70 million for the other income and expense. It was lower in the third quarter, as you point out. And that's why you saw the flip up in the third quarter tax break.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So then if your tax rate then implied for fourth quarter is like 9%, does that mean that your expectations for operating income were a little lower than they were three months ago, or were in line?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: So, really, nothing has changed for the full year. We always have variability related to this investment tax credit program that we have. And I'll also point out that now there's pension expense in that. The non-service pension expense is in that other income line as well, so that is also creating a little bit of noise, but it's really nothing in the fundamentals has changed.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co.: All right, thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning. We'll be available throughout the day for any follow-up questions you may have.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. And you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co. Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co. Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's First Quarter – my apologies, Second Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. My name is Erica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, all participants have been placed in listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. This is call is scheduled to end at about 9:30 AM. Please note this call may be recorded. Thank you. It is my pleasure to turn the conference over to Ms. Melissa Poole. You may begin your conference.
Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Erica. Good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in these forward-looking statements contained in our 2017 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Michele.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our second quarter sales and EPS were in line with our expectations and we remain on track to achieve the annual financial guidance we shared in April. In March 2017, I shared with you a vision for transforming our business and our focus, as a company, remains on delivering that multi-year strategic plan and driving long-term value creation. We participate in on-trend growing categories with a portfolio of great brands that resonate with our consumers. As consumers, their shopping and the retail environment evolve, we will continue to build capabilities and evolve our business as we have done previously when the marketplace transforms. In the second quarter, we continued to invest in our brands and capabilities for growth, while taking measured steps to enhance long-term profitability. We developed new advertising campaigns on our two largest brands, rolled out enhanced selling tools for our retail sales force and made solid progress on our capacity expansion initiatives. Amplify's marketplace performance remains strong with high single-digit growth, resulting in share gains and the integration is proceeding well. The ongoing transformation of our international business is ahead of schedule. We delivered solid organic growth for the quarter, completed the successful divestitures of Tyrrells and Golden Monkey and drove year-to-date profit to $34 million, just shy of our largest ever full-year profit in this segment. Constant currency net sales increased 5.3% in the second quarter, including a 590-basis-point benefit from the Amplify acquisition. Adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.14 increased 5.6% compared to the second quarter last year. This morning, we also announced the 10% dividend increase and a new stock repurchase authorization, a testament to our solid balance sheet and strong cash flow generation. Last week, we announced to our retail partners a selective price increase to enable us to maintain strong investment in our business and help offset rising operational costs. This was a targeted approach and it included a combination of list price increases, price-pack optimization and changes to customer terms. As part of this communication, we also shared packaging enhancements that improved the consumer shopping experience to drive growth while delivering net price realization. In the past, you've seen us take infrequent large actions across the entire portfolio that were largely commodity-driven. Our new pricing approach is much more precise both in terms of magnitude and breadth, it utilizes more levers and will be more dynamic. This go-forward approach is critical in a fast changing environment and enables us to balance market opportunity with operational complexity. On our last call, we discussed our gross margin outlook. While our margin performance is not yet where we wanted to be, we delivered second quarter results in line with our April outlook and our plans and full year estimate remain unchanged. This operating environment requires an agile approach to portfolio, strategy and pricing. We continue to take a proactive approach to optimize our portfolio and deliver increased profitability. Our SKU rationalization efforts are a great example and we are encouraged by early results. We have also added resources against optimizing our price-pack architecture, improving mix and enhancing planning. Our investments in capacity expansion, supply chain flexibility and ERP technology all remain on track. We believe these enhancements, in addition to our price increase, will be important levers to address our recent gross margin headwinds. We are confident in the strength of the categories in which we compete and our compelling brands. Our team is committed to making strategic investments in the business to fuel our future growth and success. Now, let me provide an update on U.S. marketplace performance. Overall, the retail environment continues to change rapidly as consumers blur the physical and digital shopping experience. Both traditional brick-and-mortar channels and e-commerce are growing, emphasizing the importance of the holistic commerce ecosystem. E-commerce grocery sales remain robust as retailers invest in and consumers adapt to new platforms. In measured channels, snacking categories are still performing well. Hershey's snacking sales grew 0.3% for the 12 weeks ending July 15, driven by strong Amplify growth. SkinnyPop ready-to-eat popcorn grew 8.3% during this same timeframe, gaining 1.2 points of marketplace share. This growth was balanced across class of trade and driven by gains in both household penetration and purchase frequency. The category remains healthy with growth of approximately 4% year-to-date. We have good visibility into second-half plans and expect both SkinnyPop and ready-to-eat popcorn category strength to sustain as we move throughout the year. Our expansion to participate in broader snacking will continue to be an important lever in our growth. Confection category growth of 0.6% in measured channels during the 12 weeks ending July 15 was a bit pressured. This was driven primarily by competitor lapping significant innovation during the same time last year. Trends for most other competitors were in line with year-to-date performance. Hershey's CMG takeaway of minus 0.4% resulted in a share decline of 30 basis points during the 12 weeks ending July 15. Consistent with what we shared with you earlier this year, we expected softer first-half performance due to a shorter Easter and promotional and innovation timing. While measured channels are a little soft, we are seeing growth in untracked channels as consumers' purchase patterns become increasingly fluid. Our core franchises grew 1.3% during this period, driven by Reese's and Ice Breakers gum. Reese's growth accelerated, driven by the limited rollout of Reese's Outrageous! innovation and additional media supporting a new campaign. Hershey's Gold innovation is selling in line with expectations and continuing to help drive the core, which was a key goal for us. Velocities on core Hershey's branded instant consumables were up 5% during our launch window, benefiting from additional co-merchandising with Gold. And we continue to expand Gold to the Take Home Pack-types where customer on-shelf timing is a bit slower than we had anticipated. Now, for an update on barkTHINS, we have applied learnings from recent acquisitions and are building new capabilities to successfully manage and grow our emerging brands. To that end, we established Amplify as a separate division to nurture and strengthen our emerging and better-for-you brand portfolio. We have a talented team in Austin with expertise and demonstrated success in acquiring, integrating and growing emerging brands. The barkTHINS portfolio, now managed within Amplify, continues to perform well, with measured expansion and activation helping drive solid growth in year two of the acquisition. barkTHINS is delivering incremental consumers and occasions to our portfolio and growing approximately 35% over the latest 12 weeks. Importantly, we are increasing velocity while expanding distribution, a key metric of sustainability. This is evidence of the results possible when applying these lessons. We continue to build our digital commerce capabilities. Grocery shopping, today, occurs in one holistic retail ecosystem, where brick-and-mortar and online are inextricably linked. We are focused on continuously learning more about shopper needs based on the fulfillment models through which they choose to receive their goods. Each of these models are for different levels of convenience and have different economics, which inform different strategies. One thing that remains consistent is the consumers' desire for Hershey brands. We have been consistently gaining e-commerce share this year through upgrades in content, search optimization and clear merchandising and marketing strategies that are linked to our physical retail environment activation. We are also engaged in a full enterprise data and digital transformation program, which includes upgrades to our core digital ecosystem platforms and will allow us to leapfrog in broader digital capabilities across all functions. These efforts resulted in another quarter of e-commerce growth greater than 30% and we have confidence this trend will continue in the second half of 2018 and beyond. I'm excited by the progress we've made here. While we delivered our commitment in the second quarter, we are not satisfied. Consistent with what we shared earlier this year, we expect our overall business results to improve in the second half of the year. An important and unique part of our business is seasons. We have good visibility into strong seasonal orders. Our Halloween and Holiday outlooks are a testament to the hard work of our teams, who were able to not only successfully reduce complexity and increase margins, but also improve our consumer proposition and drive growth. Retailer response has been excellent and we are excited by the opportunity to expand this work to the rest of the portfolio. We are leveraging our capabilities to secure additional space at key retailers with a focus on our fastest-moving, most profitable SKUs. We have good visibility into customer reset changes this fall and believe this will be a growth driver for us. Reese's Outrageous! is off to a strong start and is important innovation to drive our profitable instant consumable business. It is just now starting to achieve full distribution. And we expect additional growth in the second half as it expands to all classes of trade. And we continue to invest in our core brands. This translates into new campaigns, sharper positioning, better packaging and robust marketing support to drive velocities. Now, for an update on International and Other segment, last year, we shared aggressive initiatives to reset our international business model. I am proud of the teams that have delivered on these plans. Across our international markets, they have exceeded our expectations to set the right foundation to capture growth profitably. Year-to-date, our International segment has delivered operating income of $34 million. This represents an increase of $24 million versus the same period last year. In addition to the significant margin improvement, we have built the right foundation in our key markets to capture growth. With a focus on our Hershey's brand, we delivered consistent mid-single-digit sales growth during the first half of the year. This has contributed approximately a 0.5 point of overall company growth in the first half. In Mexico, our business is performing well. Constant currency sales grew high single digits, resulting in continued marketplace share gains. And through a combination of mix, pricing and continuous improvement, we have also improved profitability. In China, our transformation is ahead of expectations. We remain committed to this important market and are optimizing our footprint to focus on core SKUs, provinces and channels. Sales are stabilizing. Our core Hershey's SKUs in targeted channels are growing share and our bottom line is improving meaningfully. I'd like to thank the local team for their tremendous work here. This week, we also completed another key strategic priority by divesting Golden Monkey. We believe this will further enable our teams to focus on our strengths for future growth. In Brazil, our business performed well, despite some macro volatility. While we did experience some impact from the truckers' strike, it was relatively immaterial to overall company sales. We are confident in our ability to recoup the volume in the second half of the year, given our strong marketplace performance and share gains. We have a strong team in Brazil with a great culture, so great work there. Finally, in India, we remain committed to our strategy of evolving to a higher-margin portfolio. Our core brands, Hershey's, Sofit, Jolly Rancher and Brookside are growing over 50%. We anticipate these strong segment sales and profit trends to continue in the second half of the year. In summary, we are pleased with the progress we are making against our strategic focus areas. We are investing in our brands, our supply chain and capabilities to position us to achieve growth. We have expanded our breadth in snacking via a high-growth, high-margin acquisition in Amplify with an experienced team leading our snacking expansion. We have reset our international business model by divesting non-productive assets, rightsizing investments and focusing our efforts on key brands, key markets and key channels to drive profitable growth. We have made meaningful progress in reducing our foundational cost structure and redeploying assets to areas with the highest opportunity, focusing every function on driving maximum commercial value. And we are on track to deliver a strong year of earnings growth in a challenging environment. I'll now turn it over into Patricia, who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Michele, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter net sales of $1.75 billion increased 5.3% versus the same period last year, including a 5.9-point benefit from the Amplify acquisition. Volume increased 1 point, which was offset by negative net price realization of 1.6 points. Foreign currency translation impact was negligible. Adjusted earnings per share diluted came in at $1.14, an increase of 5.6% versus the same period last year. Income from a more favorable tax rate, acquisitions and volume were partially offset by gross margin declines consistent with our April outlook. As Michele stated, there is no change to our full-year organic sales or adjusted EPS guidance. We expect organic net sales to be towards the low-end of the slightly up to 2% range and adjusted earnings per share diluted in the $5.33 to $5.43 range. As we said in our press release, we updated our reported net sales outlook to reflect the strategic divestitures of Tyrrells and Golden Monkey. By segment, North America net sales increased 5.6% versus the same period last year. The Amplify acquisition added 6.6 points and foreign exchange currency rates were 0.2-point benefit. Volume was a 1 point contribution to sales growth. Net price realization was a 220-basis-point headwind due to the impact of increased levels of trade promotional spending we planned in support of 2018 programming. As a reminder, second quarter net sales were impacted by current year promotional shifts and the lapping of elevated inventory levels during the prior-year period. Organic net sales were relatively flat in the first half of 2018, in line with our expectations. North America advertising and related consumer marketing spend increased on our scale confection brands in the second quarter. This was more than offset by optimization and shifts out of emerging brands as we emphasize more productive initiatives resulting in an overall decline of 6.1%. Second quarter total International and Other segment net sales increased 3.1%, including a 1.7-point headwind from unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Net price realization was a 3.8-point benefit and volume was up 1 point, driven by solid sales growth in Mexico, Brazil and India, which grew a combined 15% on a constant currency basis, partially offset by lower exports. Our China team is delivering ahead of expectations on both the top and bottom line. International and Other advertising and related consumer marketing declined 17%, in line with our expectations as we further rightsize our investments to drive more profitable growth. Now, turning to gross margin, adjusted gross profit declined 0.4%, resulting in an adjusted gross margin of 44.5%, a decline of 260 basis points versus the second quarter of last year. This is in line with our expectations for the quarter and was driven by higher freight and logistics costs, unfavorable mix, incremental investments in trade and packaging to enhance the consumer experience at retail, plus additional plant costs related to new production lines. Despite incremental pressure from recently enacted tariffs, we continue to expect a full-year gross margin decline of approximately 125 basis points. Given the pattern of last year's inflationary pressures, we expect year-over-year trends to sequentially improve in Q3 and Q4 versus the first half of 2018. We're making good progress against initiatives to address our gross margin pressures. We believe our price increase, additional capacity for our core brands, enhanced planning capabilities and SKU rationalization efforts will lead to sustainable gross margin improvement. Second quarter adjusted operating profit of $339 million was impacted by $10 million of higher depreciation and amortization attributable to the Amplify acquisition and to our multi-year ERP initiative. This resulted in an adjusted operating profit margin of 19.4%, a decline of 140 basis points. Gross margin declines were partially offset by marketing spend shifts and optimization as well as continued SG&A discipline. Moving down the P&L, interest expense of $35 million increased $11 million versus Q2 of last year, driven by the Amplify acquisition. We had a successful bond issuance in May to secure permanent financing for the Amplify acquisition. The issuance was oversubscribed more than three times with very attractive spreads. Full-year 2018 interest expense is expected to be in the $130 million to $140 million range, in line with our previously stated estimates. The adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 16% versus 24.8% in the year-ago period, driven by U.S. tax reform. We continue to expect the full-year 2018 adjusted tax rate to be approximately 19% to 20%. Second quarter other income and expense was $20.8 million. Full-year 2018 expense is estimated to be between $65 million to $70 million, consistent with our previous estimates. The decline versus 2017 is driven primarily by lower non-service related pension costs, which, as you know, are now included in other income and expense and we no longer adjust out. We're continuing with our investment tax credit strategies and expect full-year 2018 expense to be comparable to 2017. Note that we expect most of the full-year other income and expense decline to be realized in Q4. For the second quarter of 2018, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 210 million. The company repurchased $22 million of common shares in the second quarter to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options. The company did not repurchase any common shares against the $100 million share repurchase authorization approved in October 2017. There is $60 million remaining on this authorization. Additionally, the board of directors has approved a new $500 million authorization for a total outstanding authorization of $560 million. There is no change to our target leverage or cash flow priorities. Business growth, including M&A, remains our top priority, followed by dividends, then share buybacks. And as we've shared before, for the right M&A, we consider changing our leverage target. This new authorization enables us to make timely choices based on the outlook for M&A and market conditions. Total capital additions, including software, were $75.8 million in the second quarter. For the full year 2018, we continue to expect CapEx to be in the $355 million to $375 million range. Our capital spending is focused on high-growth, high-margin brands and on technology we believe is critical for the future of our business growth. The additional Reese's line we installed in Q1 has enabled a strong seasonal order as Michele mentioned. And our new Kit Kat line is on track to start producing volume in Q4 and will be a key enabler of the brand's 2019 growth. Additionally, we are expanding capacity on our Ice Breakers gum business. Retail sales there have grown over $145 million over the past four years, more than doubling the size of the business to approximately $275 million. Leading velocities have created additional distribution opportunities that this new capacity will enable us to support. Our ERP initiative is on track. We will be implementing our new planning capability next month that will improve analytics to enable us to make better, faster decisions. It will also free up time for our commercial teams to focus on more value-added work. To summarize for the full year, full year reported net sales are expected to increase towards the low-end of the updated 3.5% to 5.5% range. This includes an updated net impact from acquisitions and divestitures of approximately 3.5 points versus the previous estimate of 5 points, reflecting recent international business divestitures. The outlook for organic net sales is reaffirmed towards the low-end of the slightly up to 2% range. Full year reported earnings per share diluted are now expected to be in the $4.76 to $4.96 range. We are reaffirming full year adjusted earnings per share diluted of $5.33 to $5.43, an increase of 14% to 16% versus last year. Full year adjusted gross margin is still estimated to decline around 125 basis points versus prior year. The adjusted 2018 effective tax rate is approximately 19% to 20% and CapEx spending is estimated $355 million to $375 million, consistent with our previous outlook. We continue to return cash to our shareholders with second quarter dividends of $134 million. This was our 354th consecutive quarterly dividend on the Common Stock. And we're pleased to have announced earlier today a dividend increase of 10%. We're confident in our ability to deliver strong earnings while taking the necessary steps to transform our business model and ensure a healthy, sustainable business in the future. Thank you for your time this morning. I'll now turn it back over to Michele for some closing remarks.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Patricia. Our brands are loved by consumers. And next year, we will celebrate our 125th anniversary. Each of us at Hershey are extremely proud that we can share a little goodness into the lives of our consumers. It's one of the things that makes Hershey so special. With our success comes opportunity and responsibility that we take to heart. Our consumers and customers can feel good knowing that as we focus on winning in the marketplace, we are doing so in a way that positively impacts our people and our planet. Our investors can feel good knowing that this makes us a stronger business over the long term. We are focused on delivering the back half of the year, but our top priority remains on long-term value creation. We are making meaningful progress in transforming our domestic and international businesses and our multi-year strategic plan will continue to guide our investment decisions. The rapidly changing retail environment is driven by the consumer and we will continue to drive our business forward by focusing on core brand growth and portfolio expansion, retaining and attracting the best talent to build the capabilities needed to delight our consumers, winning across the total commerce landscape and operating our businesses efficiently and effectively. Patricia, Melissa and I are now available to take any of your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Patricia, your accounts receivable were up fairly meaningfully, I think, around 20% year-on-year. And I realize last year's receivables level was unusually low. But beyond the comparison, was there any reason for the sizable increase in 2Q 2018? I guess really the larger question is whether you feel your shipments and consumption timing were more or less in line with each other this quarter, if there'll be any reversals next quarter or so forth? Just trying to get a sense of that whole environment, so to speak.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Go ahead, Patricia.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yes. So, the biggest reason for the changes in receivables was clearly the Amplify acquisition as we acquired their receivables. So, that drove that increase. As we look overall to inventories at retail levels, it's always a changing environment. We have some customers where our inventories are up. We have some customers where our inventories are down. Those that are up are focused really on service levels. I think, especially in this tight freight environment, the focus is making sure that they have enough safety stock to get products on shelf in this environment. And there was some inventory out where there was consolidation. And besides that, what we saw was sort of the normal patterns of inventory shifting that you'd expect from seasons and promotions similar to what we had last year.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So, can I ask about the gross margin trends going forward? Obviously, you've been under a lot of pressure for the last year. It looks as though we're getting back to flattish, I guess, in the back half, given the guidance for the full year. What's enabling that sequential improvement as we move through into the second half? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Patricia, do you want to take that one?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So, some of it, Alexia, is just frankly lapping the fact that we saw the inflation really start to bite last year at this time especially and I think this was well covered in our call as well as frankly other people around some of the freight inflationary pressures that we had as well as some of the things that we highlighted in our call around the cost of complexity, some of the logistical costs that that drives. So, as we're lapping those, that's a big reason that we see those sequential improvements year-over-year. But beyond that and I think more foundationally, we're really tackling the root causes of a lot of the impacts of what was driving that inflation. So, really working hard on freight optimization, making sure that we're trying to avoid buying in the spot market, we contract our freight in advance and then really pushing hard on complexity, both from what we've talked about before with our SKU rationalization, but getting at some of the even deeper root causes of planning better, which is something we mentioned on this call, using some of our analytics tool. If we can plan it on a more granular level, it avoids some of those costs. So, those are things we're working on. And then, the third benefit that we really see driving that year-over-year improvement in the very back of the year is a strong improvement in international, which continues, as Michele, I think, really highlighted in her remarks, to drive to a profitable growth (33:18) margin.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, everybody.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. I think you mentioned that volume in North America was up 1% and that's a bit better than, I think, what we've seen in some of the scanner. And then, I also thought last quarter that the SKU rationalization you talked about to start to limit some of the complexity, maybe would be a bit more of a drag to North America organic growth in this quarter as well. So, I'm trying to get a sense of whether those things, those programs were the drag that you expected or I guess maybe it's just all the untracked channels at the end of the day, but maybe that differential between what we saw in North America volume with the other aspects I mentioned would be helpful.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. Andrew, so I will start with, as you know, we said that we expected the first half to be our softer half and second half to be stronger. Certainly, as we look at Q2, we did see retail takeaway a little softer and that was partially offset by strength above what we anticipated in non-measured channels as the consumer continues to be fluid relative to where they're purchasing products. And that's very important for us to focus on. I would say that the real impact from SKU rationalization is really going to go much more forward versus Q2. So, we really just kicked the program off in the middle – first part of the year. And so, we're going to see more of that impact come later. I guess, as you think about takeaway for the year, what I would say is, as we look to the back half, the key levers that really are going to accelerate growth are, first of all, seasons, which you know is about a third of our business. We have strong visibility into seasonal orders, as you know, because customers commit way in advance and we produce in advance and we have very strong commitments on the season, both Halloween and Holiday. Secondly, we have also visibility to customer resets in the fall. And we know, through our partnership with retailers, we have a real a focus on making the shelf as productive as possible and that will lead to some distribution gains for us in the back half of the year. We also have the launch of Reese's Outrageous! which really just began in June, but it really accelerates and we gain full distribution in the second half of the year. So, our instant consumable innovation lap, it's much stronger what we have in place this year than prior year. And I'd say those are some of the biggest factors.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: The only thing I wanted to add on the SKU rationalization is, as you'd expect, the first things that we take out are frankly SKUs with very small volume. So, they're not the ones that you see a big impact of and we also focused a lot on merch units, which, again, you don't see coming through in the scanner data.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. Thanks very much.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of David Driscoll from Citi. Please go ahead.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask some questions just around pricing, but I wanted to start with inflation. Could you guys just quantify your expectations for inflation in 2018? And then, one piece of complexity that's a little unusual, but I think we need to know is, is how much of the inflation is system-wide or industry-wide versus Hershey specific? And I'm really thinking about the stand-up packaging, because I know that that's been a big issue. So, there's a question there on inflation and then, I have a follow-up on pricing.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Okay. Patricia, do you want to handle the inflation question?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I guess if I take it in some buckets, we're seeing a standard inflation that we always see going through on wages and benefits that again, what I think, is industry-wide throughout the country. Second, the freight inflation is hitting us and we do see that impact as well. Again, I think, that's industry-wide. In fact, I think, our guys have done a really good job of managing that, frankly better than probably the industry. In terms of commodities inflation, I think it's a constantly changing landscape out there. It's not a huge driver for us this year. We have seen some volatility in some of our input costs, like cocoa, but, frankly, we think our hedging program really does a great job of smoothing some of the very short-term swings that we see there. So, those are things that I would say everybody in the industry is seeing, wage, freight, whatever their commodities piece is. And then, you're right, we do have some impacts that are specific to us. I think the ones that I would call out are some of the inflations that we see as just being driven from some of this complexity that we've talked about, which drives some internal logistics costs as well as the packaging, which we have talked a lot about over the last several quarters. And we think that that investment that we've made in more expensive packaging though will really deliver, especially going forward, a better value proposition and impression on shelf to our consumer.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then, on pricing, can you guys quantify the magnitude and timing of the pricing? And then, one question specifically, I think pricing in the quarter is down. So, Michele, if you could just kind of put this together for me, we're taking a price increase, but yet in the second quarter, pricing was down and it's not even immaterial. I think it's at 1.6%. So, kind of why is pricing so weak in the second quarter, yet there is pricing announcements coming? It's just a little bit of a – it kind of seems a little bit off in terms of kind of second quarter results and what they suggest versus what it is that you need, but maybe you could pick it up and take it from there.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. Absolutely. So, let me start with the first part of your question relative to the price increase. If you look at our total price increase, the weighted average increase of the total of all the actions we took is about 2.5% across our total business. If you really break that out, as I mentioned in my comments, we've utilized a couple different pricing levers and so, the entire portfolio is impacted by terms. There are select pieces of the portfolio impacted by price-pack optimization. And then, about a third of the portfolio experienced just a straight price increase. So, that's kind of how you can think about it relative to across the portfolio. We announced it this past week as is the case with what we've done historically. We do need to price protect for promotions that are already committed to customers. So, really the prime benefit of that comes closer to next year. As you know, there's a little bit of a conversion on the way to realizing the price. And obviously, we have seasons in the back half of the year that are about a third of our back half where we have prices protected as well. As you look at the second quarter and price realization there, Patricia, do you want to talk a little bit about that?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So, as we shared before, we have been shifting some dollars into trade this year to support some incremental in-store activity. And then, I think, it's also important to say that there are a number of things going on in our trade line. Some of it did show through on the scanner to the consumer, but it was actually fairly small amount. There's other pieces, which really supported more just in-store activity and then, actually a fair amount of it also was frankly some costs that just shifted from below the gross sales – the net sales line into net sales for some accounting reasons as well as some prior-year true-ups. So, it was a mix of different things. And I think that, as we go forward, we just always are looking at our trade, making sure that we evaluate the effectiveness of it versus advertising and working with our retailers and making sure that we're really driving the best value possible from those dollars.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. Remember, I guess, I would say, in our category, as you know, one of the most important things to generate from our trade is merchandising. So, we continuously balance how much goes into price. And as Patricia mentioned, there was a relatively smaller amount that really showed up as a retail price decline.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Jonathan Feeney from Consumer Edge. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: How are you?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Very good. How are you?
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: I'm doing great. So, I wanted to – you gave us the top line impact, but a real simple question, trying to understand any color you can give us around what Amplify did both, in total, in North America to margin trend year-over-year and the operating profit trend year-over-year? So, it seems to be there'll be somewhat of a positive impact. Any quantification you can give us or – directionally would be very helpful?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I mean we feel good about what – the profit that we're delivering on the business and it is actually ahead of our expectations. So, we are feeling good that we're over delivering on our acquisition model on the top and bottom line. And so, it's having an impact in line with what we had shared with you earlier relative to, if you look at EPS accretion, we are in line with the range that we had provided and are seeing strong profitability. In fact, the team has been focused on really very strong discipline about leveraging the value of that brand and actually spent some time this year eliminating non-productive promotions to further focus on profitable growth. But really if you look overall, the gross margin impact of that business on our total North America business, just given the size of it, is pretty minimal.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got a follow-up question just on price increase. I think in the past, when the pricing in the category has been more episodic, retailers, my recollection of it, has pretty much applied it across the board to everyone. Where here, it's a little bit more dynamic, I guess, right? Your – part of it is list price, some of it is price pack. So, I guess I'm trying to get a sense from your expectations. Will retailers sort of look at what Hershey is doing in isolation or will they try to sort of apply it across the whole category?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I really could only speculate on that. So, at this point in time, I really don't know. I'm not sure what their plans will be there. That really rests in their hands.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess as you have factored in elasticities (44:28), have you, I guess, thought about that differently maybe than you had in the past?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Well, we always look at where our pricing is. And in some parts of the portfolio, there's a lot of similarity in our portfolio and competitive portfolios. In some parts of our portfolio, there's not. So, we've continued to do a very detailed analytic price elasticity models and evaluate all the learnings across, but we can't really share the specifics behind that.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Rob Dickerson from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. I just had a bit of a bigger picture question on international. You've divested the two businesses. So, congratulations on doing that. But just in terms of overall profitability expectations, as we think forward into 2019, but say three years forward, how should we – or how would you like them the market to be thinking about the operating margin potential on that segment? And I just asked, because I think a lot of us can remember dating back, let's call it, five years when there was an expectation for low-double-digit operating margin on the business. A lot kind of happened in the interim. That kind of went away to an extent. And then, in Q2, you're putting up almost 9% in op margin and that's I'm assuming before some hopefully positive effect that would be coming from the divestments. Thanks.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. So, we feel very good about the profitable growth that we are deriving and how we've reset the markets. And we also see continued opportunity going forward. So, I think without getting into tremendous specificity, I think it would be fair to say that we believe low-double-digit margins will be possible – could be possible going forward. And I think that's a good way to think about it.
Rob Dickerson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Steve Strycula from UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Quick clarification, just wanted to see whether – when you talked about the industry price increases and your price increases, across the portfolio, is this in line with some of the peers are doing? Lindt had commented that Ferrero and some others who are out there in the marketplace also taking price. So, first question, I just want to say, is that pretty much at parity with what you're seeing across the landscape?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I'm not sure that I'm in a position to really comment on others' pricing actions in the marketplace. I think I'd prefer to stay away from that and I'm not sure honestly that I have full knowledge of what others have done, given the actions have been relatively recent.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I know there are some of them out there.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: And then, how should we think strategically about M&A going forward? It seems like, a few times on the call today, you called out the lower leverage of the balance sheet and the appetite to looking at different types of assets in the marketplace. Are you seeing anything out there in terms of the landscape that's more appealing today versus what it was 6, 12 months ago, whether it's asset prices or anything you can kind of speak to?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. We remain committed, as we laid out in our strategy in March of 2017, that M&A is a critical pillar of growth. We see that as an opportunity to capture more snacking occasions, given our strengths and core capabilities in the area of snacking. And so, I would say, we continue to be committed and you can look at our activity and see that we're taking action probably at an increasing rate versus perhaps where we were in the past, at least relative to size and scale of assets. I would say that probably the biggest thing influencing our actions is, I think that we have learned a lot and are applying a lot of lessons from past acquisitions. And so, we have perhaps even tighter screening criteria that allow us, I believe, to move more dynamically to capture opportunity.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Pablo Zuanic from SIG. Please go ahead.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. Good morning. This is actually Aatish Shah on for Pablo. On a more of a structural level for the quarter specifically, just want to know if there's a change in attitude by retailers regarding the chocolate category, specifically if you could touch on this by channel, space allocation, promotional environment, et cetera, that will be helpful. Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I would say that the chocolate category and the confection category overall continue to be a category that's very important to pretty much all of our retail base, because it is a category with pretty high profitability and it has produced well for retailers over time. So, certainly, in terms of the level of priority and shelf space, that does vary a bit by different classes of trade and different retailers, depending on their strategies. But overall, I would tell you that we have continued to work with key retailers, some of whom are looking to expand space in the category as they look at other categories in their box and say how do they best master the space allocation. And if you just look at category growth across all categories in store, you know that confection continues to grow faster than many. So, there certainly are many that are looking at that. And then, as we know, there are a couple who have strategies that head in a different direction, and so they probably aren't prioritizing it, but I would say, overall, we continue to feel good about the role of this category and how retailers are viewing it as very important.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, folks. Thank you for allowing me to ask a question. I appreciate it. A few housekeeping details, I guess, first, the disposal of Tyrrells and Golden Monkey, what's the anticipated revenue drag on both the tail-end of this year and on a 12-month basis?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Patricia, you want to – yeah.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So, you can see that that's really the delta between the 5 points that we talked about from acquisition down to the 3.5 [points].
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That math sort of implies if we annualize it that those businesses are about a third smaller than they were when you bought them. Is that right?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: I don't think you can do it that way, because for Amplify, Tyrrells is a piece of their business, but for Golden Monkey, it's been changing dramatically as we go.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And a quick back of the math envelope, we get about a 15, 20 basis point gross margin tailwind from exiting those businesses, reasonable?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: I'd have to look quickly. There's a small gross margin improvement, but it's very small.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then, last question, I'll pass it on. You mentioned – a two-parter question. On the pricing components, can you specify what that third of the portfolio is where you took a straight price increase? I am assuming it's sort of single serve. And can you give us the magnitude? And you mentioned investment in packaging. Can you contextualize that for us? Give us a sense of what exactly you're referring to.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, I can tell you that some of the specific price increases were primarily in the Take Home Packs. And I think that's about as much detail as I want to go into on that. And then, relative to investments in packaging, that's really about the refresh to create strong impactful packaging graphics and structure at retail to capture shelf impact. And that's one of the areas where we look at the total value proposition to the consumer and really try and optimize that value proposition. And that's part of what you see in our broad pricing action.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: What's that mean? Is that like more retail-ready packaging? Is that more stand-up pouches? I'm not sure what your comments refer to.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So, it's across the board. There are multiple components. A piece of that is retail-ready packaging. A piece of that is a change in the structure of our laydown bags to be standing up and to have more of an impact from that perspective. So, it makes them easier for consumers to use, allows for much greater shelf impact. And as always, when we look at adding value to consumers, we always look at making sure that we're aligning the price value and getting price realization as we invest more in some of our packaging.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot. I really appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. A couple of follow-up questions, regarding the e-commerce strategy, it's encouraging to see the sales up 30%, but I'm having trouble figuring out how to think about the mix impact it might have away from higher margin single serve and maybe more towards Take Home. Have you done any math to determine if this dynamic would shift – would also be a drag on mix? And then, also I think you've said in the past that you can shift spending from one bucket to another to fund all of this e commerce investment that needs to take place, but my concern is that you kind of have to invest in both brick-and-mortar and e-commerce at the same time. Can you elaborate a little bit on those things?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So, as you look at e-commerce as a channel, we won a bigger business in e-commerce and on the other hand, we're somewhat fortunate that food and especially condition distribution has been a little bit slower than some other categories. So, we've been able to capture some of the learning that those categories have experienced in terms of really thinking about the packs that we want to sell the price points and what the portfolio looks like in that channel. And I think that is helpful to us as we look at continuing to drive margins. And as we look at the investment in e-commerce, we have really had programs underway to look at how we want to reallocate our resources strategically across the portfolio. So, if you look at the increase in profitability that we have in international, that was a choice to improve profitability to be able to fund some of our other critical strategic initiatives. So, that freed up money. We had a major initiative to reorganize internally to drive even greater commercial value. We took dollars out of SG&A on our corporate functions. And that's another source of funds that we could reallocate. So, what we've tried to do is prioritize all commercial value, which is really bricks-and-mortar and e-commerce as users of funds and then, some of those other areas that I spoke to as sources of funds.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co.: Erica, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And for the final question, we'll go to John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. Michele, just on the international side, the profit recovery has been pretty good, but I'd like to hear more about your vision for the topline. And that, I guess, Brazil and Mexico, India, they're strong, but they're pretty small relative to the U.S. So, do you see Hershey being more of an America-centric business going forward, you lean more on the export business going forward? Is there an opportunity for version 2.0 in China? How do you think about the resource allocation going forward?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, as we think about the international business, our goal is on driving profitable growth. And as we've talked a little bit about our strategy in the past, we have an algorithm that basically says we want to get about 0.5 point of profitable growth from the international business and I think there is a possibility that could go up a bit over time. Canada and Mexico, our scale markets, where we have scale positions, strong businesses that kind of fit one role in the portfolio. And then, as we mentioned, export is highly profitable business. So, we'll continue to run that to leverage our brands in key markets. And then, we're placing some bets when you look at China and India in particular on the huge growth that's going to incur in the future and is occurring in those markets and really focused on building sustainable business models. And pending the outcome of that, we'll determine how much more investment we put there, but I think it's clear that we feel good that those businesses have gotten to a point where their profitability is very good. And we'll continue to make choices as we see the success on individual bets in those markets.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just given the experience to Golden Monkey and then, I guess, there's another example of the Bauducco JV elsewhere in the world. I mean what's your appetite for taking on more M&A in emerging markets? I mean do you go with a partner or do you do more JVs? How do you think about that?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I'd say right now that is not our focus for M&A activity. Our focus is in the U.S. market. So, I feel very good about – we have enough scale in Canada and Mexico. And I think that we're making really good progress on our own in China and India, not ruling out any potential strategic partnership going forward, but feeling good about our focus on The Hershey brand, on a higher margin portfolio and local talent, doing all the right things to accelerate our business. And I think we've got good success or good proof points that in the past when we've stuck with that, it has worked for us pretty well.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for your time.
Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co.: Thank you all for joining us this morning. I look forward to connecting with you all later today to answer any additional questions you may have.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'd like to thank everybody for their participation on today's conference call. Please feel free to disconnect your line at any time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co. Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co. Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kanika Goyal - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. My name is Erica, and I will be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note this call may be recorded and I'll be standing by if you should need any assistance. Thank you. Ms. Melissa Poole, you may begin your conference.
Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Erica. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us for The Hershey Company's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call and webcast. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results followed by a Q&A session. Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call we may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could differ materially from actual events and those described in the forward-looking statements contained in our 2017 10-K filed with the SEC and today's press release. Finally please note that on today's call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's press release for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Michele.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. And thank you, Melissa and a special welcome to you as the head of our Investor Relations team. For those of you who haven't had the chance to spend time with Melissa yet, Melissa has deep knowledge of our business and the marketplace and a strong financial acumen. I think those of you in the investment community will find Melissa a great resource given that expertise and her very straightforward approach. Now to the business at hand. We delivered first quarter net sales and EPS both in line with our expectations. Constant currency net sales increased 4.4% for the first quarter including a 340 basis point benefit from the Amplify acquisition. EPS of $1.41 increased 8.5% compared to the first quarter of last year. We continue to make progress against our key strategic focus areas, driving growth in our core confection business, expanding breadth in snacking, reallocating resources to expand margins, and investing to strengthen capabilities. Our core brands continue to grow behind balanced activation and investment. Our Amplify acquisition is on track, delivering Q1 as planned and is now expected to be $0.08 to $0.12 EPS accretive in 2018. Our international business delivered another quarter of profitable growth and we are investing in new capacity and capabilities for future sustainable growth. We generated strong earnings results for the quarter, although we got there differently than we had originally planned. We had anticipated gross margin contraction in the first quarter due to higher freight and logistics costs as well as incremental investments in trade and packaging. However, this contraction was greater than we expected due to unfavorable mix, cost of complexity via incremental supply chain touch points and waste, as well as higher input costs. Overall first quarter gross margin declined 260 basis points compared to the prior year period. As a result, we are now expecting full-year gross margin to decline around 125 basis points versus prior year. You have heard us comment over the years that we are a gross margin focused company, so reversing these declines is a high priority for us and is central to driving profitable growth. We are taking swift action to mitigate these challenges. First, we are further increasing our supply chain capacity and flexibility as well as investing in improved forecasting tools by shifting our planned tax reinvestment spend from SG&A to capital expenditure. We believe this will address some of the margin pressures we are experiencing and better position us for profitable growth in the future. Second, we are expanding our SKU rationalization program to the U.S. This effort is in line with our goal to reduce U.S. business complexity and cost (04:55). We feel confident in these efforts given the significant progress we've made in our international businesses on a similar initiative. We think there is great opportunity to capitalize on our ongoing organization work to reduce complexity and enhance margins by providing an even higher level of service and product assortment to our customers. In concert with our SKU rationalization efforts, we will leverage our best-in-class category management capabilities to minimize any sales impact and optimize the shelf with our fastest turning items. We believe this portfolio and shelf transformation is the right long-term initiative to drive profitable growth for us and our retailers. Therefore, we have chosen to rebalance some priorities in the second half, which will result in slightly less but more profitable sales. As a result of this decision, we now expect to be within our organic net sales guidance but towards the low end of our previously communicated range of slightly up to 2% for 2018. At Hershey we have a strong track record of consistently delivering our bottom line without compromising key business initiatives and investments and we plan to do so again this year. Therefore, we are reaffirming our EPS guidance of $5.33 to $5.43. We expect our gross margin headwinds will be offset by improved SG&A and taxes, specifically about half of the recovery will be from delivering the high end of our Margin for Growth target and greater than anticipated Amplify accretion via accelerated synergies and lower deal amortization, about a quarter from a more favorable full-year tax rate of approximately 19% to 20% versus the previous guidance of around 20% to 22%. And the remaining quarter from a shift in planned tax reinvestment spend from SG&A to capital expenditures as discussed previously. We expect gross margin to begin to improve and expand as we enter 2019 based on these new initiatives combined with our ongoing continuous improvement and strategic revenue management capabilities. We are benefiting from our organization's stellar SM&A discipline and prioritization in addition to favorable taxes which will help offset certain cost headwinds and enable us to continue to deliver solid shareholder returns as we transform the business for future long-term profitable growth. We remain a consumer-centric brand-building company that will continue to invest to fulfill our vision to become an innovative snacking powerhouse. Now let me provide a marketplace update. The U.S. snacking market remains an advantaged category and continues to grow about 2%. The categories we participate in; confection, salty snacks and meat snacks, are leading this growth. Total Hershey Q1 U.S. retail takeaway growth, including Amplify, was up 10.2%. This was driven by Hershey CMG growth of 10.7%, benefiting from an early Easter. The CMG category grew 11.8% resulting in a Hershey CMG share loss of approximately 30 basis points. This was in line with our expectations given the timing of Easter, innovation and promotional activity. Given the 15-day shorter Easter season, Easter category retail sales declined approximately 8% versus last year. Hershey retail sales declined approximately 10% versus last year, consistent with our plans given consumer shopping behavior in a shorter season. Given the shift, April retail takeaway is expected to be down significantly versus prior year. We expect April year-to-date retail takeaway to be slightly down versus prior year. Our core brands continue to drive growth, and the variety brands we activated are responding nicely to the renewed investment. Base velocities are showing strong acceleration from previous trends and delivering positive ROIs. Our new Reese's manufacturing line is up and running here in Hershey, unlocking additional capacity and new opportunities for growth. We also recently broke ground on our new Kit Kat manufacturing line in Hazleton, Pennsylvania. Hershey's Gold is off to a great start and trial and repeat are encouraging. Importantly, we are leveraging this launch to not only bring excitement but also to drive additional merchandising growth on our core base business as well. New pack types are shipping now to deliver on more consumer usage occasions and drive incremental growth. Our Reese's Outrageous instant-consumable innovation is on track for a May launch. Our retail partners and consumers are excited for this new twist that builds upon the success of our Reese's Pieces Peanut Butter Cup launch by adding Reese's Pieces to our Reese's Nutrageous Bar. The new Hershey's Chocolate World on the corner of 7th and 47th in the heart of Times Square launched last year just in time for the holiday season. The new store is three times larger than the original store and includes a Hershey's kitchens baking area and a one-of-a-kind S'mores making experience. The store has hosted well over a half a million Hershey enthusiasts already and is on track to connect with over 4 million guests this year. We continue to strengthen our digital commerce capabilities and have made meaningful progress over the past few months. Net sales were up around 30% in the first quarter, and we expect this trend to accelerate as we move through the year and fully activate the digital strategy I shared with you at CAGNY. We have recently allocated incremental investment to further these initiatives and drive awareness, equity and conversion across the ecosystem from any touch point, physical or digital. The Amplify business is on track, and integration in Austin is proceeding nicely. As I mentioned earlier, we are successfully capturing cost synergies sooner than previously anticipated. There is no change to our ongoing synergy estimate of approximately $20 million by end of 2019. SkinnyPop ready-to-eat popcorn year-to-date retail takeaway grew 3.1% versus the year ago period. This was driven by strong base sales growth of 6.9% with velocities improving versus 2017. These base sales gains were partially offset by planned declines in low ROI promotional activity. We have line of sight to distribution expansion that we expect to help further drive second-half growth and I feel great about this business and great about the talent we have in place to lead this business. Now for an update on our International and Other segment, net sales of $220 million for the quarter were slightly ahead of expectations. We continue to make meaningful improvements to segment profitability with Q1 operating income of $18 million, an increase of $16 million versus Q1 2017. I am really proud of the work the team has done to deliver these results. We expect this segment to continue generating operating income gains as we move through the year, albeit at a slightly lower pace. Our performance in Mexico, Brazil and India remains strong with Q1 combined constant currency net sales growth of 12% versus last year. Our China performance continues to sequentially improve as we execute our Margin for Growth initiative with constant currency net sales up approximately 1% in the first quarter. We had a solid Chinese New Year, growing share in our focus SKUs for the first time in several years. In summary, we will continue to balance our top and bottom line in this complex environment. We will invest in our brands and capabilities to drive growth while hitting our bottom line commitments. As we look ahead, we are intently focused on managing the controllable aspects of our business and making the choices needed to further position us to achieve growth, both today and into the future across our portfolio of iconic brands. I'll now turn it over to Patricia who will provide you with details on our financial results. Patricia?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Michele, and good morning, everyone. First quarter net sales of $1.97 billion increased 4.9% versus the same period last year, including a 3.4 point benefit from the Amplify acquisition and a 0.5 point benefit from favorable foreign currency translation. Volume increased 2.4 points, which was partially offset by planned negative net price realization of 1.4 points. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted came in at $1.41, an increase of 8.5% versus the same period last year. Gains from volume, acquisition and a more favorable tax rate were partially offset by gross margin declines. Note that due to the adoption of ASU No. 2017-07 Compensation-Retirement Benefits, our 2017 results have been restated. Due to the change in the standard, we have also revised our calculation of non-GAAP earnings, which is positively contributing to the 2018 year-over-year EPS percentage change versus prior year. A reconciliation of these changes, as well as restated quarterly and full-year 2017 results, are available in the Investors section of our website. As Michele stated, there is no change to our expected adjusted full year EPS guidance of $5.33 to $5.43. However, given the restated 2017 non-GAAP results, full-year EPS is now expected to increase 14% to 16% versus prior year. By segment, North America net sales increased 4.4% versus the same period last year. The Amplify acquisition and foreign exchange currency rates were a 3.8 point and a 0.2 point benefit, respectively. Volume was a 1.8 point contribution to sales growth. Net price realization was a 1.4 point headwind due to the impact of first quarter true-up adjustments related to prior-year trade programs as well as planned increased levels of trade promotional spending in support of 2018 programming. Due to the earlier Easter, we accelerated execution of some of our summer promotional activity, including S'mores and Twizzlers. This resulted in some merchandising volume being shipped in the first quarter of this year versus the second quarter of last year. Also recall that in the second quarter of last year, net sales outpaced retail takeaway due to key retailer distribution and some packaging changes that temporarily elevated customer inventory levels. Therefore, we anticipate second quarter net sales will be pressured versus the second quarter of 2017. In total, taking into account our first quarter net sales and the timing of shipments, we expect first half organic net sales and retail takeaway to be relatively in line with the first half of last year. North America advertising and related consumer marketing spend increased on our core confection brands but was offset by spend optimization and shifts within emerging brands, resulting in an overall decline of 5.3% in the first quarter. First quarter total International and Other segment net sales increased 8.8% including a 2.4 point benefit from favorable foreign currency exchange. Volume was up 8.1 points, as we expected, driven by solid sales growth in Mexico, Brazil and India, which grew a combined 12% on a constant currency basis. We're pleased that net sales growth in China continued to improve as we execute our Margin for Growth initiative and optimize our portfolio. China net sales grew 0.9% on a constant currency basis compared to a 29.5% decline in the fourth quarter of last year. International and Other advertising and related consumer marketing declined 2%, in line with our expectations, as we continue to right-size our investments to drive more profitable growth. Now turning to gross margins, adjusted gross profit declined 0.9%, resulting in adjusted gross margin of 44.9%, a decline of 260 basis points versus the first quarter of last year. As we communicated at CAGNY and on our last earnings call, we did anticipate gross margin to be pressured in the first half of the year due to higher freight and logistics costs as well as incremental investments in trade and packaging to drive sales growth and to remain competitive at retail. However, as Michele discussed, first quarter gross margin was below our expectations and we now expect full-year gross margins to decline around 125 basis points versus prior year. Given the pattern of last year's gross margin inflationary pressures, we expect to see improvements in the second half of the year on a year-over-year basis. First quarter adjusted operating profit of $428 million resulted in an operating profit margin of 21.7%, a decline of 150 basis points. The marketing spend shifts and optimization I mentioned, in addition to continued SG&A discipline, partially offset the decline in gross margin. Moving down the P&L, interest expense of $29 million increased $6 million versus Q1 of last year driven by the additional commercial paper debt secured to fund the Amplify acquisition. We plan to issue bonds in early May to permanently finance the acquisitions. Bond principal amounts and maturities are aligned to rapidly de-lever the company, consistent with our targeted capital structure, maintaining a 1.5 times to 2 times debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Even with this additional debt, we have maintained our strong A1 and A debt ratings from Moody's and S&P respectively. We will utilize our healthy cash generation to repay these bonds as well as our existing bonds coming due in 2018 and 2020, upon maturity. Full-year 2018 interest expense is expected to be in the $130 million to $140 million range, in line with our previously stated estimates. The adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 24.9% versus 31.5% in the year ago period driven by U.S. tax reform. With the additional time we've had to evaluate the impact of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, in combination with prudent tax planning, we are updating our full-year 2018 expected tax rate to be approximately 19% to 20% versus our previous estimate of approximately 20% to 22%. First quarter other income and expense was $1.9 million. We expect full-year 2018 expense to be approximately $65 million to $70 million as we continue our investment tax credit strategy. This was a slight increase versus our initial estimate. For the first quarter of 2018, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 212 million. The company repurchased $140 million of common shares in the first quarter. This completes the $500 million January 2016 share repurchase authorization while $60 million remains on the October 2017 $100 million authorization. We also repurchased $38 million of common shares in connection with the exercise of stock options. Total capital additions including software were $60 million. For the full year 2018, we now expect CapEx to be in the $355 million to $375 million range. This updated estimate reflects the increase of approximately $25 million that Michele discussed, which will go to further enhancing supply chain capacity and flexibility, as well as for forecasting tools, all of which we believe will help address gross margin pressures. Total depreciation and amortization for the first quarter was $74 million. This was slightly lower than our planned level driven by favorable Amplify amortization versus initial estimates. We are making progress on our strategic review of the Amplify international business. We have now reached a point where we believe it is likely that we will sell the business in the next 12 months. Therefore, you will now see this reported as an asset held for sale in the 10-Q we're filing this quarter. The business is still included in our guidance as we're not certain if and when a sale will occur. To assist with your modeling, 12 month sales are approximately $125 million and operating income is immaterial. We continue to return cash to our shareholders, with first quarter dividends of $134 million. This was our 353rd consecutive quarterly dividend on the common stock. We take a holistic long-term view to deliver value to our consumers, shareholders and communities. We remain committed to investing in our brands and our business model to deliver great tasting products and delight our consumers. We generate strong cash flow and have a healthy balance sheet that enables us to return value to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. And we continue to support the communities where we do business. Most recently, we announced our comprehensive strategy, Cocoa for Good that addresses the most pressing issues facing cocoa growing communities. We're investing half a billion dollars by 2030 to nourish children, elevate youth, build prosperous communities and preserve natural ecosystems. To close, we have good visibility into plans that we believe will enable us to deliver on our earnings outlook in a difficult cost environment. Despite recent pressures, we believe our margin structure remains advantaged and we are aggressively taking steps to address these headwinds in a sustainable way while we transform our business model. Before I summarize the year, let me provide some thoughts on the next quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we expect Q2 gross profits to be pressured. This, combined with the timing of some of our capability investments such as ERP, is expected to result in lower Q2 EBIT versus last year. Our revised tax rate will be somewhat of an offset and we expect nominal Q2 EPS growth. To summarize for the full year, we are reaffirming full-year adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $5.33 to $5.43, an increase of 14% to 16% versus last year. We're refining our reported net sales estimates toward the lower end of the previously communicated range of 5% to 7% to reflect the new initiatives we are implementing to reduce complexity and improve margins. Full-year adjusted gross margin is now estimated to decline around 125 basis points versus prior year. We'll continue to invest in DMEs and business building initiatives. The Margin for Growth program savings in 2018 are estimated to be $80 million to $90 million, an increase of approximately $25 million versus our initial estimate as we now expect to deliver the high end of the $150 million to $175 million overall program target. Amplify accretion has also increased from initial estimates and is now estimated to be $0.08 to $0.12 EPS accretive for the full year. The adjusted 2018 effective tax rate is approximately 19% to 20% and CapEx spending is estimated at $355 million to $375 million, an increase of $25 million versus initial estimates. Thank you for your time this morning. I'll now turn it back over to Michele for some closing remarks.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Patricia. Hershey is a category leader with compelling snacking tailwinds. As we transform our business in both domestic and international markets, we believe our core brands and expanding portfolio, our relentless focus on innovation, proprietary insights, and in-store capabilities, and our strong margins and cash flow will help us maintain our competitive advantage, fuel continued earnings growth, and deliver long term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Patricia, Melissa and I are now available to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I think if I heard you correctly, your outlook for the gross margin was to expand, I think you said improve and expand as you enter 2019. I know we can't really talk in detail about 2019 right now, but I think most of us are modeling in some cocoa headwinds as that year begins. And I think most of us would assume that the pricing environment doesn't get a whole lot better right now. So I realize you have some tailwinds, but historically Hershey's gross margin has been pressured when cocoa rises no matter what else is really going on behind the scene. So I wanted to get a little bit more comfort if I can in what gives you that confidence in seeing that gross margin improvement as maybe 2018 progresses or into 2019?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So let me – I'll start off. It's Michele, and I'll also ask Patricia to add some commentary on this as well. First of all, as we mentioned, we think we're taking some very specific actions to address some of the things that hit us that are within our control. We had some customer-specific programming that leaned towards value-oriented packs and created some unfavorable mix, and as we go forward we are working to fix that and address that. As we look at our SKU rationalization plan, a real focus on the core is going to help us tremendously to address some of those mix opportunities for us. And so we think that we've got a good plan against that. I'd also say as we look at input costs (00:29:02) comments about cocoa in particular and then I'm going to turn it over to Patricia. Certainly the fundamentals of the cocoa crop, weather, supply and demand are all relatively healthy, but it is a commodity that we know has some high volatility given just some things that are outside the fundamentals. So with that, let me just turn it over to Patricia to talk a little bit in more detail about the recovery on gross margin. But I think if you think about it at a very macro level, there's a lot of recovery that's just grounded in the lapping of prior-year gross margin.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, I think that's a good summary. So as you know, we started to experience some freight inflation and some other inflationary pressures in the back half of last year, and so as we lap those, that will give us some easier comps in the back half of this year. And then as we exit that into 2019, while we really don't see a lot of relief on some of the cocoa and other inflationary pressures, we are very focused as a team on reducing some of the costs that we can control, things like the mix that Michele talked about, some of the – some of our go-to-market, things like our packaging changes. And then really just getting at this issue of complexity and that's where we want to focus our SKU rationalization on making sure that we're really providing the right package to the right customer at the right time with the right value, but not doing that in a way that overcomplicates our supply chain and logistics system, which is where we've seen some of the cost pressures come in that we do believe are controllable. And those are the things that we're looking to improve in 2019.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yes. Remember, Ken, some of our capacity investments, the Reese's line came online this quarter, and we have a new Kit Kat line coming online at the end of the quarter. So as we look at the mix of what we've been able to sell, we were a bit constrained on some of our most profitable items, and as we get that addressed that's going to help us quite a lot in terms of driving mix on the business.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Rob Dickerson from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kanika Goyal - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. This is Kanika Goyal on for Rob. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask a little bit about the top line trends. Considering how strong organic sales came in for Q1 and the guidance for Amplify is unchanged at 5%, currency still neutral, could you just explain a little bit more on why the full-year guidance was taken down to the lower end? Like where is the pressure actually coming from? I know the shorter Easter period and SKU rationalization was expected to impact sales by 1%, but is that more profound than what you initially expected? And thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, so first of all, a little bit of perspective on the full year. We always expected – we had expected in our plan for the first half to be a bit pressured, primarily driven by promotional (32:03) and innovation timing but primarily the shorter Easter. So that was in our plans. As we look at the last – at the second half, we remain really bullish (32:16) including Outrageous which is launching, Reese's Outrageous, in May, continued Gold success, and very strong sell-in behind Halloween and holiday. The key difference as we look at the back half of the year is this focus for us to really balance the P&L and drive for profitable growth and thus the SKU reduction program. We think it's the right thing to do to really shift and work to drive mix. And we do know, though, that there will be some short-term impact as we make those changes. So really that choice is the primary driver that led us to call the low end of the guidance. We just want to give all of you the heads-up, relative to what the impact of that program could be as we initiate it.
Kanika Goyal - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from David Driscoll from Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. So I wanted to ask just a little bit more about the gross margins. So pricing is down, and I believe you used the word planned in the prepared remarks. Can you talk a little bit more about the planned pricing reduction? I mean, it feels kind of counterintuitive that pricing is down as much as it is with gross margins under this much pressure and cocoa kind of screaming higher. So are you under retailer pressures and this is why pricing is down? Or are there other good explanations?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: We're always balancing the mix of our investment behind the business between advertising and trade, and as we looked what we thought we needed to do this year to really be competitive, we did make some additional shifts between advertising and trade on certain parts of our business. I wouldn't say that we see that as major pressure but rather continued optimization to maximize the business going forward. And not all of that is necessarily showing up in price. So as you think about our investment with trade, is really about investment with customers at retail. Merchandising, merchandising racks, things like that also fall into that line.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Can you guys explain just a little more on the "complexity" that you're talking about? I'm still not understanding how that comes as a surprise, if you will, in the quarter to drive the gross margins perhaps so much lower than what you initially expected. And I feel like that's really what you're trying to tell us on today's call because it seems to want to drive the SKU rationalization in the second half of the year. Could you just spend a little bit more time on this complexity? And what really this meant? And then why was it kind of something that was a surprise within the quarter to drive this gross margin miss?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So David, I'd say a couple things. First of all, C-store trends were a little bit lighter than we anticipated, and that really had a bit of a mix impact for us. As we looked at – so I'm going to address complexity as well as the mix piece. Some of the customer-specific programming we had, some of the areas of the business that did the best were some of our bigger more value-oriented packs, and that created some unfavorable mix. So those are two things we didn't anticipate that hit gross margin. As we look at kind of the complexity piece, what I would say is in a difficult growth environment and with some capacity constraints, we've leaned into some areas of the business to drive revenue that we think have created complexity. They also created sales obviously, but they added some incremental touches in our supply chain. And we just have to get after those. And given that we have these capacity investments in some of our biggest businesses, this gives us the opportunity to better control what we are selling. Patricia, anything else you want to add to that?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: The other thing that we've really explored with the complexity is how much it puts a stretch on our demand planning system. And as we just add SKUs, it just gets that much harder to plan at that SKU level, and that frankly drives some of the cost, too, for things like the extra touches or in our supply chain or added freight. Things like that. So that's one of the areas that we think is a real opportunity for us going forward.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: And, David, I would say like some of the mix things – obviously, I think some of those marketplace dynamics were a bit out of our control. I think the complexity caught us a little bit more. We knew there was complexity. It caught us a little bit more than we thought it would. And so what we are focused on is we can take the actions to fix that, and we are.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you for the comments. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to focus on Amplify for a second. I thought I heard you say that sales were up versus year-ago only about 3%. Our Nielsen data tracking indicates that SkinnyPop popcorn in the U.S. was up more than that. Can you help us reconcile those two things? Like, is the Nielsen data overstating the growth rate of SkinnyPop?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Are you referencing the 360 basis points which is just for us the amount that Amplify contributed to our sales given that it was zero last year, and we had a partial quarter?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Maybe I misunderstood in your opening remarks, Patricia. So maybe just tell us, like, what's SkinnyPop's growth rate versus year-ago on a retail basis?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Hang on. 6.6%.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So it's up about 6.6%. Is that decelerating versus its normal rate because I remember this used to be like a double-digit growth kind of brand?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: If we look at the latest 12 weeks, it's about 6.3%. Yeah, if we go to the back part of the year – I'll have to see if we have those numbers here. I thought we did. Hold on. Yeah, we can follow up with you on that. There may be a little bit of deceleration as it's gotten larger, but there's tremendous growth in the category and we're pretty happy with the mid-single-digit growth. Certainly in the first quarter, the team had built some plans to remove some of the lower ROI trade promotion events that they had prior year, and so that's causing a little bit of an offset to some of the momentum that they had. But as we look at the full-year basis, we're feeling really good. And we have line of sight to some distribution expansion which is, frankly, well deserved on the business, which is going to, I believe, reaccelerate that growth rate.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Michele, wanted to dig into the health of the category a bit more, CMG in the U.S., because it seems as though some of the upstream commodity indicators are broken down. You also have rising gas prices, which can't be helpful for C-stores. So have you become more cautious in the category for 2018 since January? And as a follow-up, if you could speak a bit more to your performance in everyday versus seasonal, given that I think Q1 was your third straight share loss in CMG.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. So we haven't really changed our outlook in the category versus what we shared at CAGNY. So we had shared that we believe the long-term outlook for the category was around 1.5% to 2%. As we look at this year, we believe this year is probably 1% to 1.5% because the long Easter drives a 0.5 point swing between a long Easter year and a short Easter year. We also continue to be really bullish about the chocolate and non-chocolate part of the category. If you take refreshment out, it continues to have – grow at an accelerated rate and we anticipate that will be 1.5 points to 2 points of growth for this year. As we look at share, we had shared previously that we saw our plan for the year to be back-half loaded and we anticipated that our share would be softer in the first part of the year, but we expect to end the year gaining share. So some of that's tied to competitive timing of competitive programming as well as the timing of our own programming. It's certainly always our goal to gain share. And I feel good that as we end the year, we will be on track to be doing that.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Jonathan Feeney from Consumer Edge. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much for the question.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Jon.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: One broad question, one detailed question. A lot of talk about complexity on the call and recently, and some amount of complexity, it seems to me, it's always been a trade-off, right? You've been able to grow revenues and profits by great innovation and that innovation necessarily leads to complexity. If anything, the world's become more fragmented and maybe more micro targeting probably is a little bit more rational than necessary, not necessarily for you but for everybody. So I'm trying to understand how reducing complexity, if this – what changed in your kind of calculations to want to go after this opportunity right now? And is it the case that – is it in the future, are we just going to wind up with another more complex business two, three years down the road when we push all the innovation we can with the new SkinnyPop, et cetera, and the great brands that you have? That's much my broad question. And my narrow question is with these tax credits, Patricia, does the tax rate benefit line up on a quarterly basis with the other expense? So if you buy a credit that lowers your tax rate, do we feel that quarter-to-quarter, or is there ever inter-quarter movement between those two phenomenon? Thank you very much.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So first on your broad question, this certainly is a category that is complex, right? It's a high SKU-driven category with multiple locations in the store. I think as we look at it, though, there is good complexity, strategic complexity, that adds profitable growth and adds value. And there is also bad complexity, where there can be excess that adds items but not driving really incremental profitable growth. And I think one of the most important things we always have to do is keep track of that. I think we got a little bit out of balance on that, and we think it's really important to address that. So, for example, I'll give you one example. We could have 500 merchandising units, and it might be that when we take a really close look at them, with a couple tweaks, we could get that number in half and generate massive efficiency that takes complexity out of the system. On the other hand, we are going to continue to add SKUs when it comes to innovation that we think is driving incrementality or new pack types on some of our core items. So it's really a balancing act, but it's keeping the good complexity and shedding the nonprofitable, non-incremental complexity. And it's a category that we just have to stay on top of that and stay focused. Patricia, I'm going to turn it over to you for the tax question.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: We do put those two together in terms of the other income impacts that you see with the cost of the tax credits with the rates. Those two tend to go together.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: So they don't move quarterly, basically quarter-to-quarter or go together on a yearly basis?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: They go together on a quarterly basis.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. I just wanted to dig in briefly to the incremental SKU rationalization that you're doing I guess. I want to make sure I understand specifically where is that rationalization more focused? Is it primarily within the core/noncore chocolate franchise? Is it primarily focused on sort of the other non-chocolate broader snacking activities that you've been getting more involved in over the last couple of years? If it's the latter, I'm just trying to get a sense of whether that works, or is that at odds with the type of actions you're taking to get into this broader snacking environment to go after that growth?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So Andrew, this is really not tied to the snacking initiative. This is really (45:23). I think we have pretty good line of sight and, frankly, a much smaller number of SKUs in the portfolio in snacking. This is really focused on looking at the broad core confection, all the brands, all the pack types we have and actually all the merchandising units as well. So it's really more focused on optimizing that, making sure that we are as focused as possible on driving the core, and making the decisions to have the highest velocity items on the shelf everywhere we possibly can. So it's really within that core piece of the business. Patricia, anything you want to add to that?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, Michele gave a great example about the merchandising units. I'll give you another one that's really core to us, and that's things like Halloween assortments. We tend to have five different approaches to that, but then over time we've migrated to where we do a lot of customer-specific assortments. And this year what we did is we really optimized our base levels, and those have proved to be so well designed that we can eliminate some of the customer-specific assortments. And that just takes complexity out, makes the customer happy, makes the consumer happy. So that's an example of where we see the complexity creep in that we don't think is adding value to ourselves, the customer or the consumer.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. So I want to just follow up. You had made a comment earlier, or there was a comment made earlier, just about the sort of the shift between advertising and trade spend. And so leaning a little bit more to trade spend this year, can you just elaborate a little bit more on is that a response to like cross-category type elasticity? So trying to sort of position your core chocolate confections better against maybe some of the other categories where they're near-in? Maybe some of the snack bars, that type of thing? Or is it more a response to just competitive activity near-in within your core chocolate franchise?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I would say it's much more a near-in chocolate franchise view and looking at a couple specific areas of opportunity on certain pack types and at certain customers that we wanted to take advantage of that made really good business sense. I also just want to reinforce that even with that shift in total, advertising on our core chocolate brands was up in Q1, and we expect it to be up for the full year. So we've shifted the advertising away from places that were less strategically important within the portfolio.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And where you've done it, has it also come with incremental distribution? I guess what I've noticed in some of the impulse channels, like convenience and gas, for instance, where you've had the price – the promotions, you've also had out of aisle display. You've had some sort of display attached to it. So fair to say when you're spending the trade it's not just on price but it's also to get better placement or some merchandising attached to it?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, I would say that is entirely what drove the (48:51) investment. This is a category obviously driven by impulse, and our primary goal with trade is to get merchandising display. Our secondary goal is price. I think that's a very accurate way to think about it.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Wow, a daily double. Okay. Just regarding the guidance, your EPS guidance is unchanged, but you have also lowered the tax rate. So that alone implies a lower operating income for the year. But then I think what you also said is that you're going to cut the SG&A and kind of reallocate it towards CapEx about $25 million. So is this in a way kind of saying that, okay, our operating income is lower than what we thought even though there's another $25 million of SG&A that's being reduced and just kind of reallocated? So it's kind of like, I don't know, maybe $50 million, for example, on a fundamental basis?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, Patricia, go ahead, you can take that.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, I think Michele did a good job of talking about where the recovery comes from, and again about half of it is on that SG&A Margin for Growth target as well as the improved Amplify accretion. And then a quarter of it is that tax rate. So if you think about above the tax rate, yes, that's where you're going to see some leakage. And then the remaining quarter is that shift from where we had some reinvestment sort of earmarked in our P&L at the beginning of the year, and we've moved that to CapEx. So that's a total help. So if you think about it, about three-quarters of it is being offset above taxes, and about a quarter of it is not.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So a quarter of it is not being offset by the tax rate? Okay.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: No, I'm sorry. I want to be super clear. About three-quarters of it is offset at the operating income EBIT line, and about a quarter of it is offset at the tax line to get you the full offset. Just super clear.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Steven Strycula from UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Just want to follow up on a few of the gross margin questions. Patricia, if we had to boil it down or kind of break down the 120 basis point delta from where you initially guided versus today, how would you kind of segment that between necessarily trade versus freight and logistics versus raw materials if you had to kind of break it down to those three buckets? Just so we conceptually understand where the weakness is coming from. Thank you.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: It's all of those buckets. We're not getting into that level of specificity, but what we've done is called out the big pieces, and you should think about those as all are (51:57) important to the pressure and all the things that we're going to be tackling with the initiatives that Michele mentioned.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: And in that vein, should we expect the second quarter gross margin rate of decline to be comparable to the first quarter? Is that kind of what you're trying to insinuate? Is that fair?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And the last piece and I'll pass it along, what was the logic in the accounting switch from the ERP spending expensed to capitalized? At what point did you kind of think that that was – you made the decision to go down that path? Thank you.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: I want to separate those two things. So first of all, in second quarter, we are expecting a little bit more ERP spending. And that's something that I called out, versus what we've been running at. And that's just the normal timing of any kind of program like that. What we did separately from that is we had earmarked some of our savings from the tax benefit, the overall Jobs Act tax benefit, to reinvest in the business. And we decided that the best way to do that was to really focus on CapEx. Some of the capacity or DC initiatives, as well as some programming, but not related to the ERP system. Does that answer your question?
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, that clarifies it. Thank you so much.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. So the deterioration in pricing, particularly in North America this year, do you expect that to rebound going forward, i.e., could we actually get back into positive year-on-year territory in the next quarter or two? And then the follow-up question is are new channels like e-commerce, for example, part of this complexity issue? I guess what I'm really asking is, is e-commerce investment likely to be a big area that you're putting money into going forward? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, Alexia, I'll hit the e-commerce one and then I'll let Patricia talk about your first part of your question. We are continuing to increase our investment in e-commerce. And I think you made a mention, perhaps, about complexity when you asked about that. That would be an example of good strategic complexity. I mean, we're certainly looking for efficiency as we build e-commerce, but that would be a place that we'd be investing in because certainly there's a tremendous (54:26) growth opportunity there. So we are continuing to increase our investments there because we're getting really nice growth. Patricia, you want to talk a little bit about the trade price outlook?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So we were hit a little bit harder, Alexia, in the first quarter on trade because of the true-ups that we do annually in the first quarter related to prior year. And that won't be an impact in the second through the fourth quarters. We're not at the point of giving guidance about specifics down to the pricing level, but we did have an outsized impact in the first quarter.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hello, everyone.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Jason.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you for allowing me to ask a question. I appreciate it. Hey, I guess I want to come back to and build off a few of the questions that were asked so far. A lot of what seems to be transpiring with the portfolio seems very reminiscent of what was happening maybe a decade ago. Adding more complexity to the portfolio to drive growth, and I know you're on the back end of that. And also shifting advertising to trade to drive impulse at point of purchase. Those tactics worked well until they didn't a little over a decade ago. And now, we're talking about you still putting more trade in, still suffering market share losses. It feels like they're not working that well today either. Now, last time, it clearly led to a path of the business stalling out, ultimately a rebase that set you up to grow anew. Why shouldn't we be concerned that we're ultimately on the same path, a path to kind of needing to rebase to reinvest to reaccelerate growth? And given the category is not quite as resilient as it was back then, competitive intensity seems more elevated. The input cost curve is going the wrong way. And you've got a lot of other stuff on your plate with diversification. It feels like this time could even be worse. Where do you see us maybe off base with that line of thinking?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So first of all, I would say shifting from advertising to trade, we have a very strong investment in advertising. So 10, 12 years ago, advertising as a percent of net sales was 2%. We are about 9% now at industry-leading levels and we are still at that, even with a minor shift. This was a minor shift to trade of like a couple tenths. So we still have very, very strong advertising levels. So on that piece, I would say there's just not even comparability whatsoever. I think from an SKU perspective, we continue with our strategy to be very focused on driving the core. We always have been. And when complexity ekes into the business, we have to address it. So I think from that perspective, you may say that addressing complexity, as we've done it in the past, is something that needs to be done. And that might be similar to where we were at some point in time, but I think the benefit of that drove some significant growth on the business on a go-forward basis because that usually tends to result in a much greater focus on some of the core most profitable SKUs, and I think creates opportunity for us.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate that. And one sort of unrelated follow-up, in regards to the cost curve, if we look back over history, this has been a category where the pricing power has been exceptional relative to the rest of food. And when you face cost pressure, you're able to pass it through. Great discipline in the industry. In context of sort of the proliferation of broader snacks and the greater array of competitors you're facing today, do you feel that that equation or that relationship may have changed at all, or is it – do you still believe you have the same degree of pricing power and ability that you have in the past?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Well, obviously we can't speak directly to pricing. What I would say is we still feel really good about the category, and every category and the dynamics within the categories are different. The category of confection continues to grow. We as a company are somewhat differentiated in terms of that very significant investment that we make in our brands at industry-leading levels, what we just talked about relative to advertising, and we continue to have low private label penetration in our category. So we're always looking to work collaboratively with our retail partners and look at the marketplace and make sure we have the right product news, the right investment, and the right pricing to benefit all of us for the long term health of the category.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you so much for your time. I appreciate it.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to Pablo Zuanic with SIG.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. Good morning. This is Aatish Shah on for Pablo. Just have a question on seasonal chocolates, specifically if you could tell us what percent of total chocolate for Hershey's sales this is? And then, does this percentage vary much from the first half to second half? And given that Hershey's under-indexed in this, is there an opportunity there?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So seasons as a part of our business is about one-third, so our business breaks out about a third seasons, about a third instant consumables, and about a third take home. There does tend to be a little bit of back half focus given the size of Halloween and holidays together, which are larger categories than Valentine's Day and Easter combined, and we continue to feel good about the seasonal chocolate sales that we have in the marketplace.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. We are not under-indexed in seasonal. It's clearly a strength of ours in the marketplace.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. And just one quick follow-up. I'm not sure if you touched on this. Could you just comment on your cocoa hedging practices? I don't know if you release that kind of level of detail?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Patricia, do you want to talk about that?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. We hedge a number of our commodities. We hedge out for 3 months to 24 months in layers. We look for getting price visibility and sort of easing into any market disruptions. We can't hedge all of our ingredients, but those that we can, we have a longstanding and effective hedging program.
Aatish Shah - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thank you.
Melissa A. Poole - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We will be available throughout the day for any further questions that you have.
Operator: I'd like to thank everybody for their participation on today's conference call. Please feel free to disconnect at any time.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - Director, IR Michele Buck - President, CEO & Director Patricia Little - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities Andrew Lazar - Barclays PLC Steven Strycula - UBS Investment Bank David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets David Driscoll - Citigroup Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Robert Dickerson - Deutsche Bank AG Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Fintan Ryan - Berenberg
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call. My name is Erica, and I will be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this call may be recorded. Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Erica. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements, which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2016 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes that presentation of earnings, excluding items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss fourth quarter results of 2017, excluding net charges of $0.18 per share diluted related to business realignment activity, derivative mark-to-market gains, non-service-related pension expense and an estimated impact of a onetime mandatory tax on the previously deferred earnings on non-U.S. subsidiaries. These net charges are defined in the appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with all that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Michele Buck.
Michele Buck: Thanks, Mark. Good morning to all of you on the phone and webcast, and a special welcome to the many Hershey employees, including our new Amplify colleagues who are listening in. As I step back and review 2017, we had a solid year, making good [indiscernible] strategic plan that strengthens our business model and positions the company for future growth. Looking back, I'm pleased that we drove our core chocolate brands with mid-single-digit growth, expanded our snacks portfolio with the acquisition of Amplify, delivered EBIT margin expansion and strong EPS growth and maintained our market share in a competitive environment. And we did this while continuing to transform the business to a position that we believe will enable us to achieve our long-term sales target during our strategic planning cycle. I'm less satisfied with our momentum slowing as we ended the year. Importantly, we understand where opportunities exist and have plans to improve upon our performance. Let me now provide you with some further color. We are fortunate to operate in a profitable and growing category in our core U.S. market. For the year ended 2017, our CMG - that's candy, mint and gum, and snacks retail takeaway increased plus 1.6%. Most of you scrutinize the IRI or Nielsen-measured channel marketplace data on a regular basis, so I don't need to tell you how choppy CPG trends continue to be from quad-to-quad. In this environment, we were able to maintain our market share while transforming the business. And being a company focused on growth as well as growth and EBIT margin expansion, I was happy that in 2017, we delivered sales growth of 1%, increased our EBIT margin by 30 basis points to 20.7% and grew EPS about 8%. And after the last several years of evaluating snack assets, I believe Amplify's scale, brand product proposition, marketplace performance and margin structure give us a strong foundation, off of which to further build. As you look across the retail box, U.S. snack real growth has been consistent, and we believe snacks consumption will continue to increase. We have the right portfolio and brands to win, and we're committed to the CMG and snacks growth strategy we outlined last March. This business model should enable us to deliver our long-term targets, which would result in increased shareholder value. Looking at full year performance. Net sales growth was slightly below the outlook we provided in October. That growth, combined with productivity and cost savings initiatives, drove EBIT margin expansion and full year EPS in line with our estimates, excluding the greater-than-expected expenses as related to M&A due diligence initiatives. And we continue to generate solid operating cash flow, about $1.2 billion, which gives us a lot of financial flexibility. We finalized the Amplify acquisition yesterday, and I am very excited about the opportunity ahead of us to bring scale and category management capabilities to the warehouse salty snack aisle. Our goal is to capture more consumer-snacking occasions with a broader portfolio of brands. So the acquisition of Amplify is a step in our journey to becoming an innovative snacking powerhouse. While preliminary, Amplify Q4 net sales and EBITDA were in the guidance ranges they provided in November. Additionally, January is tracking in line with plan, which gives us increased confidence in our outlook for the business in 2018 and beyond. Amplify will continue to be based out of its current offices and operate as a standalone business as we look to maintain and leverage the entrepreneur mindset embedded in the culture, as well as the benefits of scale and synergies for certain functions that Hershey brings to the table. We'll also share knowledge and insights between Amplify and our emerging brands group. I look forward to sharing more of our snack strategy with you at the CAGNY conference in a few weeks. Turning now to Hershey's performance. Our Q4 U.S. combined CMG and snacks retail takeaway was about 1%. As expected, this was greater than fourth quarter net sales growth due to the timing of total sales we discussed last quarter. For the full year 2017, total Hershey U.S. retail takeaway increased plus 1.2% and was in line with U.S. net sales. Looking at just CMG, both the category and Hershey, increased about 1.7% for the full year. Our growth and industry-leading 30.6% CMG market share puts us in an enviable position as it provides us with financial flexibility to invest in the business, expand margins and hold a leadership role with major retail customers. For the 12 weeks ended December 31, CMG category growth was plus 1.7%. Due to the timing of our programming and innovation and consistent with our plan, Hershey Q4 CMG performance lagged the category, with market share off 0.3 points. As the first quarter progresses, we expect marketplace trends to improve, driven by the excitement in the marketplace for Hershey's Gold, which will have merchandising and program tie-ins with the Winter Olympics, which begin this month and an early Easter. Importantly, within the combined chocolate and non-chocolate candy segments where we derive the majority of our U.S. sales, full year category growth was plus 2.5%. Recall, this is greater than total snack real growth of nearly 2% and CMG category growth of plus 1.7%, which includes softer performance related to the gum and mint category. Our core chocolate brands, Reese's, Hershey's, Kit Kat and Kisses, continue to drive growth, and I'm particularly pleased with their marketplace performance this year. The combined retail takeaway on these power brands in Q4 and for the full year, increased about 2% and 5%, respectively, with market share of these combined brands up in both periods. As we discussed in prior quarters, this was partially offset by planned declines on select chocolate and non-chocolate candy brands as we focus on reducing complexity and improving overall velocity rates at retail. We have plans to improve the performance of select variety candy brands in 2018, and expect them to contribute positively to marketplace performance this year. For example, work started already on the Twizzlers brand, and early results are promising as Q4 retail takeaway was up 2.3%. More on this as we work our way through the year. I was pleased with our innovation this year, particularly Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch and our snack products. We expanded our snack mix and Snack Bites products with the launch of Hershey's and Reese's Popped Snack Mix and Chocolate Dipped Pretzels, primarily in large-format, take-home bags. While early, results are encouraging. Trial and repeat are in line with our expectations and consumer reaction is positive when our brands are merchandised in the snacks aisle. The transition for lay-down bags to stand-up pouches on our core chocolate candy products is progressing. New retail-ready packaging began shipping to one of our largest customers in the fourth quarter, and select expansion will occur in 2018. This initiative enables product to get on the shelf quicker with less in-store labor and improved shopability in the aisle. While these packaging initiatives have an impact on gross margin in 2018, we believe this is the right long-term investments for our brand and business as it should result in improved shelf presence and visibility. We feel good about 2018. We have made solid progress against key capabilities, such as our multiyear ERP program and e-commerce. We have a dedicated cross-functional team responsible for the strategies and execution of our e-commerce plans, headed by a new senior executive who has a deep CPG sector digital e-commerce experience. This group is responsible for the strategies and execution of our e-commerce plans in developing the next generation of online impulse solutions. We're working with all the key strategic partners and we'll be validating and testing concepts in 2018 that we believe will lead to a sustainable business model. Additionally, stand-up and retail-ready packaging as well as innovation, such as Hershey's Gold, Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch Triple Chocolate and Reese's Outrageous, bring the right level of brand newness and variety to the category. We are excited about our innovation of these core chocolate brands and platforms, as well as new advertising campaigns and in-store merchandising that should drive consumer engagement and growth across our portfolio that we believe puts us in a position to deliver on our net sales and marketplace objectives. Now for an update on our International and Other segment. Net sales for the quarter were relatively in line with our estimates. Our strategy and execution in the marketplace in 2017 enabled us to generate full year operating income of $11.5 million in this segment. After being in the red in 2015 and 2016, we now have our sights on eclipsing the 2014 operating income high from this business. I continue to be pleased with our performance in Mexico, Brazil and India as combined Q4 and full year constant currency net sales growth in these markets increased 11% in both periods. In China, we're executing against the Margin for Growth program we discussed on March 1 that should result in a sustainable ongoing business model. This efficiency and effectiveness initiative is progressing nicely and is on track. We're optimizing our in-country supply chain and streamlining the operating model as we strike the right balance between in-country investments and near-term market opportunities. As expected, China fourth quarter net sales declined about 30%, driven by volume declines related to SKU optimization and our focus on pack types that meet marketplace velocity thresholds. I'm pleased with the progress we are making and expect our focus on profitable growth in this segment to result in continued operating income improvement in 2018. Now to wrap up. Confections is one of the largest segments within the $100 billion U.S. snack market, and the acquisition of Amplify broadens our participation in salty snacks, one of the fastest growing sub segments. Our strong U.S. marketplace presence and solid financial position give us the flexibility to smartly invest in confectionery and other warehouse salty snacks, as well as in the capabilities that will give us a competitive edge at retail and with consumers. We believe the foundation we have set in 2017 and the investments we're continuing to make this year are in the areas of the business that set us up for continued growth. Investments such as enterprise resource planning system and a refreshed approach to analytical processes should enable operational effectiveness and efficiency and be a differentiator in the marketplace over the next few years that drives top line growth and market share gains. With the goal of increasing margins over the long-term, via both cost control, and importantly, top line growth, I anticipate we'll continue to increase shareholder value. Patricia will cover the details, but we're in the process of evaluating the cash benefit of tax reform and believe that it will complement our existing cash usage priorities. I am confident in our business model and strategies, and I'm excited about the opportunity in 2018. We remain focused on driving growth in our core confectionery business, while expanding our presence in salty snacks. I believe our combination of 5% to 7% sales growth, Amplify accretion as well as Margin for Growth savings will generate solid base business EPS growth within our long-term target and double digits when accounting for incremental brand building and the new tax rate. I'll now turn it over to Patricia who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia Little: Thank you, Michele. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. As anticipated, fourth quarter net sales of $1.9 billion declined 1.6% versus last year, including a 0.4 point benefit from favorable foreign currency translation. Volume was up 2.3 points, and net price realization was a 0.3 point benefit. As previously discussed, the expected decline in net sales was partially due to the timing of shipments last quarter and the launch of Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch in the year-ago period. For the full year 2017, net sales increased 1%, including an FX benefit of 0.2 points. Adjusted earnings per share diluted came in at $1.03, a decline of about 12% versus last year, primarily due to lower year-over-year sales. Versus our outlook last quarter, note that corporate costs related to merger and acquisition due diligence initiatives were greater than our estimate. Excluding this, we would've delivered full year EPS growth closer to the guidance we provided in October, as we were able to offset the lower volume and the gross margin softness with SG&A savings. By segment, Q4 North America net sales declined 0.9% versus the same period last year, including favorable foreign currency translation of 0.4 points. Volume was up 0.6 points and net price realization was a 0.3 point benefit. The decline was partially due to the timing of shipments discussed last quarter as well as the tough comp in the year-ago period. Total International and Other segment net sales for the fourth quarter declined 5.4% versus last year, including a 1.2 point benefit from foreign currency exchange. Volume was up 6.6 points in line with our estimates, driven by planned decline from China. Turning to margins. Adjusted gross margin - adjusted gross profit declined 5.6% resulting in adjusted gross margin of 42.7%, a decline of 180 basis points versus the fourth quarter of last year. Supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives, as well as slightly lower input costs, were more than offset by cost increases, which included unfavorable sales mix and fixed cost absorption of overhead given lower volumes, unexpected manufacturing variances, and higher freight and distribution costs and other supply chain expenses. Given Q4 results, full year 2017 gross margin was in line with last year and less than our expectation of about a 25 basis point increase. We have good visibility into our 2018 input cost basket and don't expect inflation. Additionally, we have productivity and cost savings initiative in place that should offset the higher packaging costs that we discussed last quarter and unfavorable mix. As a result, we expect adjusted gross margin in 2018 to be about the same as last year. This includes Amplify, which has a gross margin profile similar to Hershey. Adjusted operating profit in the fourth quarter of $325.1 million resulted in operating profit margin of 16.8%, a decline of 240 basis points. As expected, SG&A productivity and cost savings were more than offset by the decline in gross profit as well as higher go-to-market expenses and corporate-related costs. In Q4, North America advertising and related consumer marketing increased about 3%, in line with our estimate. This was offset by the planned decline in the International and Other segment, resulting in consolidated advertising and marketing decline of 3%. As we looked at 2018, advertising on our CMG brands will be about the same as last year. Total Hershey advertising and related consumer marketing, excluding Amplify, will be slightly down as we focus our spend on brands that have the highest ROIs. Now let me provide a brief update on our International and Other segment. On a constant currency basis, net sales declined 6.6% and was relatively in line with our forecast. The China supply chain transformation is on track, with a majority of the work expected to be complete by the end of 2018. The reorganization within SG&A functions, which began in Q2, is still progressing. The benefit from this work is evident in segment operating income. Our SKU analysis and operators efforts negatively impacted gross sales or volume in 2017, and this work will continue in 2018. In Q4, as Michele referenced, China net sales declined about 30%, driven by our focus on pack types that meet certain marketplace velocity thresholds. The SKUs that we're driving within our four focused core provinces slightly grew full year market share. Importantly, preliminary results indicate that China chocolate category sales in brick-and-mortar will be up low single digits on a percentage basis versus last year, while e-commerce is expected to grow to around 15%. We expect similar category growth rates in 2018. Fourth quarter International and Other segment operating loss of $15 million was about the same as the year-ago period and in line with our forecast. Combined operating income and margin improvements in Mexico, Brazil and India were solid. Performance in China was [indiscernible] estimate with Margin for Growth program savings more than offset by the timing of select investments and marketplace expenses. As a result, operating results in China more than offset the combined operating income in our other international markets. Our 2018 plan is to continue to drive a strong profit-focused mentality in this segment, driven by measured sales growth and Margin for Growth program savings. Moving down the P&L, interest expense of $25.8 million increased $2.4 million versus last year. For the full year, interest expense was $98.3 million and in line with our estimate. In 2018, interest expense is expected to be in the $130 million to $140 million range, including debt related to the acquisition of Amplify. The adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 15.5% versus 28.2% in the year-ago period. The decline was primarily due to the timing of investment tax credits and favorable foreign tax rate differential. This resulted in a full year tax rate of 26.7% that was in line with our estimate. The recently passed U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 will have a favorable impact on our net income, earnings per share diluted and cash flow. Like most companies, we continue to evaluate the details within this legislation. But it is clearly favorable versus our 2017 effective tax rate. Our preliminary estimate indicates Hershey's 2018 effective tax rate should be around 20% to 22%. The company is evaluating the cash benefit of tax reform and believes that it will complement its existing cash usage priorities, such as business investment, including both brand building and capital expenditures that result in growth, dividend, share buybacks and debt reduction. The lower tax rate and the brand building reinvestment is included in the 2018 outlook. The fourth quarter and full year other income and expense was $42.1 million in $65.7 million, respectively, and was primarily driven by investment tax credits. In 2018, we'll continue with that strategy and estimate that investment tax credit expense will be in the $60 million to $65 million range. For the fourth quarter of 2017, average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 212.6 million shares, resulting in adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.03, a 12% decline versus a year ago. Total capital additions, including software, for the fourth quarter and full year were $109 million and $257.7 million, respectively. For the full year 2018, we estimate that CapEx will be in the $330 million to $350 million range, including Amplify needs of $10 million to $15 million, supporting increased capacity for U.S. core chocolate brands that are growing mid-single digits, and in capabilities related to our multiyear ERP implementation. Total adjusted depreciation and amortization for the fourth quarter and full year were $67.5 million and $255 million, respectively. The company did not repurchase any common shares against the $500 million share repurchase authorization approved in January of 2016 or against the $100 million share repurchase authorization approved in October 2017. There is $100 million remaining on the January 2016 authorization. Furthermore, in the fourth quarter, the company did not repurchase any common shares in connection with the exercise of stock options. Dividends paid in the fourth quarter were $134 million and $526 million for the full year. Now to wrap up. As Michele summarized, in 2018, we had a lot of variety, news and innovation in place. Hershey's Gold, in an instant consumable pack type, is off to a good start. The take-home package launches later in Q2 and should be a benefit in the second half of the year to both net sales and retail takeaway. The same holds true for Reese's Outrageous, which also launches late in Q2. However, headwinds such as a shorter Easter season in 2018 and our continued SKU optimization in the International and Other segment, will pressure sales growth. As a result, in 2018, organic net sales are expected to increase in the range of slightly up to 2% versus last year. Additionally, the acquisition of Amplify will be about a five-point benefit and foreign currency exchange is expected to be negligible, resulting in reported net sales growth of about 5% to 7%. As I stated earlier, we expect adjusted gross margin to be about the same as last year. And as we discussed on March 1, we'll continue to make investments in the businesses that we believe will improve our go-to-market capabilities and industry-leading knowledge and insights. Additionally, we're reinvesting a portion of the EPS benefit related to tax reform. However, Margin for Growth program savings and Amplify accretion should enable us to maintain EBIT margin in 2018. Therefore, including the lower tax rate discussed earlier, we estimate 2018 adjusted earnings per share diluted to be in the $5.33 to $5.43 range, an increase of 12% to 14% versus last year. Thank you for your time this morning, and we'll now take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to the line of Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: So I guess, the theme of the call here is reinvestment, and I guess higher costs also. When I think about just your core guidance for 2018, just on the core confectionery business, is it fair to say that you're guiding here to kind of flat operating income growth just for the core business? And is that because of the headwinds you're kind of talking about? Reinvesting a portion of the tax benefit, the higher freight cost and then also the shorter Easter and the SKU optimization? And then maybe you could help me understand, if weren't for those Easter and SKU things, do you think you would be closer to your normal algorithm for the core business or not?
Michele Buck: I'm going to let Patricia handle that one.
Patricia Little: Yes. So thanks. On the margin side, I think it'll be - I think you have a good take on it. But I will point out that that's not going to translate into income, because obviously, with the growth that we do expect in our core category, that will drive higher dollar income for us.
Michele Buck: Relative to your question on shorter Easter and SKU rep, I assume, Rob, you're asking the impact on the top line. And certainly, those do create some pressure as we look at the delivery on the top line. Certainly, a longer Easter benefits not only our total takeaway as well as our share. As we look at our plans for '18, what we're really focused on [indiscernible] growth we've seen on the core brand that is low to mid-single digits, really start to activate part of the portfolio around some of our variety brands, which we have not been doing. So we're going to optimize our spending to activate those. And we started doing that in Q4 and started to see nice results in a lot of the brands that we activated. And then a real focus on stabilizing some of where the leaks have been, particularly around the emerging brands. But the combination of Easter and the SKU definitely creates about a one point headwind for us.
Robert Moskow: And can I ask a follow-up? A lot of us have seen data that shows that your biggest competitor in the U.S., Mars, has regained a lot of market share. I found it hard to determine whether that was just a comparison issue versus a year ago when you had the Cookie Layer Crunch launch. What are you seeing differently from your biggest competitor? And has that factored into your plans for '18 at all?
Michele Buck: Yes. So I'd start by saying, hey, it's always our goal to gain share and we're pleased that we were able to maintain share despite heavy competitive activity. Certainly, I feel better about the first part of the year where, you're right, Cookie Layer Crunch was a big driver for us in terms of helping really to generate the share gains we saw in that part of the year. As much as we'd like our performance to be consistent on a quarter-to-quarter basis based in our programming and competitive programming, it doesn't always shake out that way. So what we always focus back on is the key levers that drive the category are those same levers that I think all the competitors need to focus on, which is do we have the right activation of our brands from an advertising and consumer marketing, do we have the right invest - innovation to drive each piece of the portfolio and superior execution to really drive displays and especially focusing at winning with the customers who are winning trips. So that's really our focus, and I think that's probably our competitors' focus as well.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: Michele, just in terms of the packaging change. You mentioned that it's a long-term investment, but it's also a drag on gross margin. So is there a way to think about how far along you are in making these packaging conversions? Is it still an appreciable drag in 2019 and beyond? And have you seen any real benefits thus far in terms of shelf placement at retail or in-store to sell through?
Michele Buck: Yes. So that's a great question. So the way I would think about packaging is packaging is a lever that we are focused on improving in the marketplace. And we certainly believe the upgrade we did in packaging created some nice momentum for us versus the lay-down packaging that we had on shelf. However, we really view the packaging as an evolution. And what you're going to see is us continue to improve upon that packaging to make it even stronger [indiscernible] out of it. And as we do that, really, try to optimize the total P&L impact around that [indiscernible]. So it is out there, but you'll see more to come from us. Certainly, it is a drag right now on gross margin.
John Baumgartner: Okay. And just a follow-up on ad spend. Hershey's ad spend peaked in 2013, both in absolute dollars and relative to sales. And it's also coincided with the 20% increase in trade promotion over that period. So it seems like the trends here is pretty clear. As you think about how the category is evolving, how do you strike that balance between promo and ad spend? I mean, promo does kind of increase structurally, does that just kind of place a ceiling on gross margin over time?
Michele Buck: I think we're always striving to get that right balance between advertising and trade, and we think both are critical. So we're doing a lot of work on trying to optimize marketing mix. As you look at 2018, what you're going to see is we're going to optimize our spending on DMEs even more. You'll see us probably be about flat in terms of our advertising support on our core, but really optimizing our lines across the rest of the portfolio; investing in the variety of brands, which are highly profitable; and kind of rightsizing the investment on some of the smaller emerging brands and rebalancing between DMEs and SG&A. So for example, some of the emerging snack brands, feet on the street to build displays on some of those brands, we're going to get more from that than advertising. On trade, we're - we really look at the benefit based on everything that we've seen on trade. As much as we can drive display, it's really just display that drives that activity. So we try to make sure that we are being nimble and constantly optimizing through strategic revenue management to get a price that's appropriate to drive display but not to be giving away product and creating a deflationary pressure that doesn't - that just subsidize an already planned purchase. So that's the way to balance there.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: I think Hershey laid out the Margin for Growth targets at your Investor Day last year, and it was, I think, 200 basis points of operating margin improvement by 2019. And I think it was expected to be pretty evenly split at the time between cost of goods and SG&A, with much of it coming in the years of '18 and '19. So in the context, I guess, of the flat gross margin expectation for '18, I'm just trying to get a sense of are those benchmarks still right? And if so, I guess, given the gross margin piece, what's sort of making up the difference, if you will, to get those 200 basis points by '19?
Michele Buck: Andrew, I'll start with just one comment, and I'm going to turn it over to Patricia to really dig into those numbers. I will tell you that as we look at our performance for Margin for Growth, we have over delivered on the SG&A component of our expectations. We thought that was going to be a difficult piece of the work. And as we really did some - made some tough decisions, we actually found we were able to [indiscernible] a culture that enabled us to really deliver even more than we expected there. But I'll let Patricia do a step-back to talk a little bit more holistically about it.
Patricia Little: Yes. So, you're right, we expect the savings to come both through the cost of goods as well as SG&A. A lot of the improvement in the International piece you see coming through the cost of goods, although there's an SG&A piece of that as well. In U.S. business, I think it's a little more weighted to SG&A, especially as we look at both the corporate functions as well as our commercial functions. In general, I would say that, as we look forward, it is a - we really do need the sales that we're driving investment against to help us deliver that leverage looking forward.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Steven Strycula from UBS.
Steven Strycula: I'll start with a question on Cadbury license, actually. I wanted to see, you guys have put some - a little bit of money here over the brand over like the last 12 to 18 months. Wanted to see what do you think the brand awareness of that is in, call it, the mass premium market? And what is opportunity for - to scale that in the U.S. longer term? And if it doesn't make sense, how do you think about monetizing it? Then I have a follow-up.
Michele Buck: I mean, I'd tell you that the strongest piece of that Cadbury business for us is the seasonal component. The Cadbury Eggs are a phenomenal piece of our seasonal portfolio, whether it's at Halloween or Easter, they're unique in the marketplace. And so our focus is really there. We are not prioritizing building the everyday mass premium nature of that brand. But there's tremendous value in the seasonal piece, so we believe that's the right focus.
Steven Strycula: Okay. And then to just follow-up on Andrew's question. For the 2019 margin targets, should we think about, just given what's happened in the industry since you've announced - held your Analyst Day, that the reinvestment pressures are just a little bit higher so maybe the net effect of it all is just a little bit more muted than maybe it was last spring.
Michele Buck: I think that's fair. I mean, I think we see a path of getting to the range that we laid out in March. But we do think that it might take us just a bit longer to get there. We see a path to the low end of the range. And yes, we're going to make those constant decisions of balancing getting there with making the right decisions on the business.
Mark Pogharian: Yes, Steve. I think, I mean, we've been very good over time of maintaining and increasing EBIT margin, it's certainly always been a focus and a hallmark of the company. So I think we'll continue to make progress. We'll continue to make progress there. But as Patricia alluded to earlier, certainly sales in 2017 being a little bit lighter, lost a little bit of leverage there. But there's still a path to get there, and I think we'll talk a little bit more about that in CAGNY.
Michele Buck: Right. And our goal is still industry-leading EBIT margin. And we feel confident we'll be there.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: Just a couple of times in the earnings release you mentioned unfavorable sales mix in regard to the quarter, but also 2018. Could you give a little detail on this? How much of a drag is - are you talking about this with regard to margins or revenue per volume, and the degrees that it comes from category channel or pack type?
Michele Buck: So the biggest drivers on that would be certainly the snacks portfolio, which is lower margin than our core. And then as instant consumables, particularly in the second half of the year as we were lapping - had weaker instant consumable innovation than we did the prior year.
David Palmer: And just to follow up on the previous comments about brand building reinvestment. You said that was included in your EPS guidance. But I was unclear about how much of that is going to be an offset to your tax rate benefit from an EPS perspective in '18?
Mark Pogharian: Yes. I mean, we didn't disclose that, Dave, for competitive reasons. But I mean, if you're trying to put everything on an apples-to-apples basis, I mean, I would certainly start with - look, the base business, we're always looking to get to 6% to 8% EPS growth. So use whatever tax rate you want from last year to kind of normalize it, and you'll get back into it and get a sensitivity that way.
Michele Buck: Yes.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of David Driscoll from Citi.
David Driscoll: On the fourth quarter, the revenue trends ended weak. Organic, minus two. Can you just talk about the first quarter? And does that fourth quarter trend kind of give us a little guidance here that Q1 is also going to be soft and that really sales growth guidance is weighted to the second half of 2018?
Michele Buck: Yes. So we expect that we'll see some sequential improvement versus Q4 as we get into the year. But I think it's very fair to say that the strongest performance will be in the back half of the year. Certainly, the first half of the year will be lapping the long Easter, which that alone creates a differential in terms of the first half, second half performance. And then the pacing of our innovation. We've got gold that'll be coming out the blocks pretty strong; and then the Reese's Outrageous, which is our other innovation, is really more midyear. So I think the way you're thinking about it is accurate.
David Driscoll: And then, Michele, on the long term revenue objective of 2% to 4% organic, in light of the '18 guidance, do you still think that long-term objective is valid?
Michele Buck: I do. We are in the process of transforming the business model to respond to the changes we're seeing in the marketplace. I feel like we're making really good progress on some of those capabilities that are going to be big enablers around building our digital commerce business where we've brought in some really - a really strong leader, experienced leader in that space. That's going to help us tremendously. We have key investments in capacity, and we've been a bit constrained over the past 18 months with some of the demand on our core brands butting up against capacity. We're making investments, we have a Reese line that just came online now [indiscernible] that comes online later on the year. We've got Amplify that we have a lot of confidence in. So we continue to feel good about our ability to get to that long-term sales guidance over our strategic planning horizon.
David Driscoll: Yes. Patricia, two quick follow-ups for you just to clean up a couple of items. On the tax reform, so you're saying that some of the tax reform benefit was reinvested back into brand building. But I just want to be clear. I believe the plan laid out at Analyst Day was always for reinvestment in advertising. So are you saying that there is even greater advertising reinvestments because of the benefits of tax reform? That's kind of the first one. And the second one is just Margin for Growth, $60 million in '18. That literally has to go against the higher costs, so we're going to see flat EBIT margins. Do I have that part right?
Patricia Little: Yes. You do have that part right. And on the tax reform piece, I would say that our focus is really more around capabilities, things like investment in the e-commerce that Michele mentioned, focusing on those capacity improvements, some technology improvements that we want to give to our sales and marketing areas. And that's really where we see the opportunity, as tax reform comes in, to evaluate good ideas and potentially pull them ahead. Less around direct advertising is just the one thing I would make sure you're clear on.
Operator: We'll go next to Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Just a couple of quick ones from me. First, I just want to make sure I was clear. In terms of the earnings growth build for 2018, share repurchases are not part of the EPS build, is that correct?
Michele Buck: Patricia, do you want to cover that?
Patricia Little: Yes, we make assumption as we look at our EPS build of a share repurchase program that's really normalized. If you look at the past several years, we have sort of an assumption that we make around sort of our standard share repurchase as a nominal planning piece. It's not a big driver of our EPS. And I'll remind you that we also always repurchase shares related to option programs and other equity grants.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then, I mean, I don't know if I missed it. But did you give 2018 depreciation and amortization?
Patricia Little: We don't give that. We give the CapEx piece. You're welcome to give Mark a call and - if you need more details on that.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just the last one. In terms of the decision to reinvest or spend more this year because you've had some tax savings. Would you have made these same investments if you didn't have the tax savings? It just sounds like the things you're spending on are sort of needs in the business. And I'm just curious to know if you're actually executing these things because you had the savings or you would've done this anyway?
Michele Buck: I think that these are important investments in the business. And really, the way we're looking at it is it gives us an opportunity to accelerate enacting them, and therefore, accelerate our project progress to our strategic goals.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Alexia Howard from Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about the China business and the International outlook in general for 2018. It looks as though things deteriorated profit wise at the back end of the year in 2017. So I'm wondering if you can just give us some color about when - whether we expect that whole business, China in particular, to get back to at least breakeven during the course of 2018. And I'll pass it on.
Michele Buck: Yes. So that deterioration was largely due to some of the trade spending associated with the Chinese New Year. So I wouldn't look at that as a trend carrying forward. We feel really good about the profitability improvements that we've made in that sector across all of International. As we mentioned, we've really hit kind of a high mark here in terms of what we're able to deliver with that $11 million of OI last year. And we're expecting significant OI improvement this year that, as we said, we think we'll eclipse the 2014 previous high that we've had in terms of operating income for that sector.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Rob Dickerson from Deutsche Bank.
Robert Dickerson: I just had a question on strategy on the core brands relative to the noncore brands. We could kind of in the data set that - and what your referenced this morning, the core brands continue to do fairly well within chocolate. So that would - if they're growing, let's say, at the same rate as the category or above the category, they might even be taking some shares, especially what we've seen out of Reese's. But then you also have all your other brands within chocolate, and they seem to be more of a drag. So I'm just curious, as we look out in a few years, if you say - let's say, in '18, then probably more of the spending or marketing would go to higher ROI brands that are perhaps larger, you'd get a better lift. Like how are you thinking about your other kind of non-power brands within U.S. chocolate?
Michele Buck: Yes, I'm glad you brought up the question because we actually see that as one of our key priorities in 2018. So we absolutely grew share on all of those core chocolate brands throughout the year. So we're really pleased with the performance we've seen there. And you're right, the investments on those brands are easy because the ROIs are so big because of the scale of the brand. But we're really excited and think we have tremendous opportunity for select variety brands, brands like Twizzlers, Almond Joy, where we have a unique product in the marketplace that really owns a certain space. And we believe that we have an opportunity to better balance our DME spending. And so as you look in 2018, that's absolutely where we're going to have a focus. And if you look into the future, it's continuing to have some level of support against some of those variety brands. That benefits us not only from the lift you get from advertising, but there's a holistic package of where you advertise and then you drag velocity, you actually get greater distribution or avoid distribution losses. And we think that's an opportunity for us that we haven't fully taken advantage of because we do have that breadth of portfolio. So that's definitely a focus for us in '18. Continue the growth in the core, activate variety and then stabilize those emerging brands, which actually had been declining.
Robert Dickerson: Okay, great. And then just a quick question. Obviously, you didn't - I'm not sure if you did or not, but you obviously didn't show it, to not purchase the Nestle assets. Just any thought around what you saw and you didn't see in them, kind of how that progressed, et cetera.
Michele Buck: So obviously, we can't talk about what we - any activity that we've done or not done in the M&A space. I would say, we've competed versus those brands in the marketplace over the life of the company, and so I think we're well familiar with that portfolio. And as we always focus on how we drive our business and also looking at what might happen in the marketplace, we do that every year, and this will be no different. So we will continue to run our playbook in terms of driving our own business.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Matthew Grainger.
Matthew Grainger: I guess, two quick follow-ups. Patricia, I might be asking for more detail here than you want to give, so please feel free to shoot me down. But I guess, with respect to the flat gross margin expectation, there's a lot of moving parts, and I think both we and investors have tried to decompose this, but you have positive productivity, input cost deflation and then the offset from negative mix and higher packaging costs. Is there any, I guess, directionals there? I guess, any assistance you can give us in trying to dimensionalize those puts and takes in terms of where gross margin might be solely on the basis of productivity flow-through and input cost deflation if you weren't also working through these packaging costs and mixed headwinds.
Patricia Little: Yes, I probably won't get into numbers, but I can certainly help you with the pieces a little bit. Over the long run, we expect supply chain productivity to equal, I'll say, offset base inflation, excluding commodities, or beat it. So that would be our goal every year. We don't hit that every year. I'll say that this year and looking forward to next year, we have had some headwinds. And let me just talk about them a little bit. You mentioned two of them in terms of the packaging and mix. But I'll also say that we are seeing the same sort of pressures on freight that many people in the industry are having as we - and I'll also say that as we strive to hit ever-higher service delivery goals, we will prioritize that, getting the product onto the shelf even if that means some extra cost in either our manufacturing or distribution network. So that's a piece of that. And we also, I think, have an opportunity - and it's been a little bit of a hit on us on planning because we have seen, as actual takeaway or sales deviate from our plans, the effect can also drive some pressure in terms of our manufacturing or distribution network. Michele mentioned, and I think this is really importantly, on the opposite side of that, we are adding this new capacity, we've been very tight on capacity and that's been one of the issues. And we're also working to manage our complexity better. And I think that those are better improvements that will help us in the full year '18. And when you add all that together, our best estimate is that we'll be about flat.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, great. And I guess, I'll leave it at one more follow-up. But from a freight cost perspective specifically, clearly, it's not getting better yet, so unclear how worse maybe the cost issues there could ultimately be. Can you give us a sense, just as a percent of cost of goods sold, a rough range? Just what percent of your operating costs or your cost of goods are - sort of fall specifically into that bucket of transportation and shipping?
Patricia Little: Yes, Matt. We don't give that specific breakdowns of the pieces of our cost of goods sold.
Mark Pogharian: Yes, Matt. There was a slide on March for - that kind of give a little bit of pie chart or breakdown of materials and packaging, and then I think there was a little distribution and overhead in there. So take a look at that pie chart and it may help you out a little bit.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Jonathan Feeney from Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney: Two questions, please. On SKU rationalization, I think a few of us have been through at least one cycle of just the natural kind of expansion and contraction of SKUs around the edges. So I guess I'm wondering, how much is total SKU count up at Hershey, roughly, just, say, over past couple of years? And within that, how much what you're doing right now as far you taking the opportunity to make - improve your velocity, get that assortment right, is a result of things going on at the retailers level, things they want? And how much of it is just kind of the age-old balance you're always trying to find between optimizing that revenue? What's new that's causing you to rationalize SKUs? And my second question is, just trying to get a sense so we can understand this, what kind of tax rate were you planning on for 2018 as of early December after your planning process but before you knew what Congress was going to do?
Michele Buck: Patricia, do you want to talk a little bit about tax? I can throw out a few comments around SKUs, and then I'll ask Patricia to comment on that as well. As we are prioritizing customer service, we are really trying to make sure that we're being very focused on [indiscernible] of the entire business and the productivity of these SKUs. And so as you think about SKUs, what you should think about is not just how do we take out the less - lower velocity SKUs but also we're looking at merchandising vehicles that create complexity and how we really simplify those. And you should also think about that happening both in our U.S. business but also in our International business. So in both areas of the business, there's a real focus on that to maximize efficiency and make sure that we're really then able to develop and deliver even greater customer service. So I'd say that, hey, over time, you rationalize SKUs and then SKUs work their way back into the system, and I think it's a constant process that you really need to clean up. And I think part of it is just making sure that we're tighter about what we are willing to do on customer-by-customer, each-by-each basis because sometimes you become a little too accommodating. Patricia, anything you'd add to that?
Patricia Little: No, I think that's right. We really are thinking about it as managing the SKU count and managing our complexity that it drives. I think that's the important takeaway. On tax, we've always set the model at 27% to 28% tax number long term. We've tended to beat that. I have to say that I think we might've beat it '18 as well, but honestly, tax reform came along and got us focused on that instead of figuring out more tax planning strategies. So that quickly became our focus in the last part of last year.
Operator: And we'll go next to the line of Fintan Ryan with Berenberg.
Fintan Ryan: Just a few questions, please. Firstly, on the environment you're seeing with deflationary raw materials - the sugar, cocoa, should be a benefit. But are you seeing any signs of increase of competitors, potentially putting down pricing or any softness or increased promotional activity as a result of those lower input costs? And then secondly, I think you did mention weakness in sugar confectionery and gum, and one of your competitors has also mentioned that quite recently. But just from your perspective, what can be done to get those sugar and gum confectioneries back to growth? This - do you think this is more of a cyclical downturn? Or is it more sort of structural change of consumer preferences, ultimately?
Michele Buck: I mean, I'd start with relative to big competitors using any kind of deflationary raw material cost to increase promotion, I would tell you that, over time, in this category, that's not usually a behavior that we tend to see. I would say we've seen it more a little bit here or there, particularly maybe with some of the smaller competitors in the sweet, sugar area of the category over time. But that's not something that we generally see. So I'm not seeing any more changes there than we do any year in terms of promotional changes.
Patricia Little: And also just add that, well, some of our input costs are down, others are up. And what we said is that we don't see that deflation for next year.
Michele Buck: What was your second question, I'm sorry?
Fintan Ryan: Just what visibility do you have on the improvement of the sugar confectionery and gum categories? And is this cyclical sort of softness in the category? Or do you think there's more sort of structural factors at play?
Michele Buck: I would say on sugar confectionery, we've seen pretty strong performance on that segment of the category. And as we look at gum, our own business, we've done exceptionally well in the marketplace and have gained share. So I think it tend - those segments, like chocolate, tend to just be about having the right innovation in the category, having the right new news. And I think, for each of those segments, the years when that happens, you'd tend to see [indiscernible] and a strengthening of that segment. And I think the segment - the brands within those segments that have done that are seeing a lot of growth.
Mark Pogharian: Great. Thank you for your time today, and we will see all of you in CAGNY in a few weeks.
Operator: We'd like to thank everybody for their participation on today's conference tell. Please feel free to disconnect at any time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co. Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co. Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research)
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's Third Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call. My name is Erica, and I will be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note, this call may be recorded. Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Erica. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's third quarter 2017 conference call. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2016 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss third quarter 2017 results, excluding net pre-tax charges of $7.8 million, or $0.05 per share-diluted, which are primarily related to business realignment cost, derivative mark-to-market losses and non-service-related pension expense. These charges are defined in the Appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.TheHersheyCompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Michele Buck.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to all of you on the phone and the webcast. In the third quarter, I'm pleased with our performance. We delivered growth, both in net sales and EPS, in a volatile environment. We continue to feel good about our CMG and snack strategy, as most segments within the $100 billion U.S. snack wheel remained strong and continue to outpace center of the plate trends. As planned, constant currency net sales increased 1.1% in the third quarter. And EPS of $1.33, increased 3% versus last year. There was no change to our constant currency full year net sales outlook, and we reaffirmed full year EPS growth at the high-end of our 7% to 9% range. As discussed previously, embedded in our outlook are important marketplace investments in the business that will benefit the company over the near and long-term, as well as some new challenges, such as higher freight and distribution, that emerged in the course of the quarter. Patricia will have further details, but some of these, particularly the supply chain costs, pressured Q3 operating profit and are expected to continue in Q4. We believe investments in our strategic initiatives will enable the business to deliver long-term sales growth, gross margin expansion and operating profit growth, or a virtuous cycle, over our strategic planning cycle. Advertising and related consumer marketing expense increased 3.7% in Q3. Advertising expense was up 10%, partially offset by lower consumer promotions. There is no change to our full year North America advertising and related consumer marketing outlook, although International and Other segment advertising and related consumer marketing is estimated to be lower in 2017 versus 2016, resulting in total Hershey Company spend that will be about the same as last year. Now, let me turn to our measured channel retail performance. But before I do, I want to note that this summer, we selected IRI as our preferred market insights and analytics provider. IRI has made significant investments in capabilities and technology platforms, and we believe they are a good partner for Hershey. IRI's platform will help us target the right consumers, in the right channels, at the right moment. Total Hershey Q3 U.S. retail takeaway growth was 1%, driven by CMG growth of 1.4%. This more than offsets some softness in grocery items, such as baking chips and syrup. Looking at CMG, or candy, mint and gum, the category and Hershey continue to outpace center of the store edibles. For the 12-week and year-to-date period ending October 8, CMG category growth was plus 2.4% and plus 1.7%, respectively. Hershey Q3 and year-to-date CMG retail takeaway was plus 1.4% and plus 2%. Our year-to-date CMG market share is up plus 0.1 points, driven by strong innovation and in-store activity in the first half of the year. Importantly, within the combined chocolate and non-chocolate candy segment, where we derive the majority of our U.S. sales, Q3 category growth is about 3.3%. Our core chocolate brands, Reese's, Hershey's, Kit Kat and Kisses, continue to drive growth, and I'm particularly pleased with their marketplace performance. The combined retail takeaway on these brands in Q3 increased about 5%. As we've discussed in prior quarters, this was partially offset by planned decline on select chocolate and non-chocolate candy brands as we focus on reducing complexity and improving overall velocity rates at retail. Therefore, the increase of Hershey's Q3 combined chocolate and non-chocolate candy retail takeaway of plus 1.1% resulted in market share being slightly off. We are working on plans to improve the performance of our non-core candy brands and look forward to sharing this with you in the near future. Hershey's CMG and snacks innovation had another good quarter. It's my goal to ensure that on an annual basis, this strategic lever is a lever that consistently delivers meaningful, sustainable CMG and snacks growth. We continue to anticipate strong innovation as a contributor to achieve our long-term net sales growth target of 2% to 4%. Specifically, Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch, or CLC, is tracking as expected. We achieved our distribution target earlier in the year and maintain this level, given the repeat velocity at retail. CLC has been strongly supported by advertising throughout the year on TV, social and online, with continuity media planned through the rest of the year. As we look to 2018, we'll continue to invest in this product with the launch of Cookie Layer Crunch Triple Chocolate. Shipments to select customers begin near the end of the year. Importantly, the Cookie Layer Crunch platform is Hershey's largest launch in recent history and will receive equal support in year two as it did in year one. The transition from lay down bags to stand-up pouches on our core chocolate packaged candy products is progressing. In the fourth quarter, we'll introduce new retail-ready packaging at select retailers before a broader rollout next year. This initiative enables product to get on the shelf quicker, with less in-store labor and it improves shopability in the aisle. Both of these packaging initiatives have an impact on gross margin in Q4 and most likely in the first half of 2018, but we believe this is the right long-term investment for our brands and business, as it should result in improved shelf presence and visibility. In Q3, we also made good progress against our snacks platform. We expanded our initial Snack Mix and Snack Bites products with the launch of Hershey's and Reese's Popped Snack Mix and Chocolate Dipped Pretzels, primarily in large format take-home bags. While early, results are encouraging. Net sales growth is ahead of plan and consumer reaction is positive when our brands are merchandised in the snacks aisle. The velocity of the Popped Snack Mix items is in line with similar competing products, while the Hershey-branded Chocolate Dipped Pretzels is outpacing competition. So we feel good about the progress we're making. Our power chocolate brands are growing and gaining share, and we're working on plans that should enable other parts of our CMG and snacks portfolio to see gains in the near future. As I discussed in July, e-commerce is another strategic initiative that we are focusing on. We continue to work with key brick-and-mortar retailers related to their click-and-collect and omni-channel initiatives, as well as with established e-commerce players. As a result, our year-to-date U.S. e-commerce sales are up about 40%. We have a dedicated and growing cross-functional team responsible for the strategies and execution of our e-commerce plan in developing the next generation of online impulse solutions. We're working with all the key strategic partners and will be validating and testing concepts in Q4 and 2018 that we believe will lead to a sustainable business model. Given our strong CMG position in the U.S., we are collaboratively working with our partners to develop e-commerce-friendly portfolios, digital shelf upgrades, and alternative fulfillment solutions. And in September, we went live with a customer on the first-ever omni-channel Halloween program. Initial results are exceeding expectations, and I'm very excited about the potential for our business in this space. Now, for an update on our International and Other segment, excluding China, our International and Other segment constant currency net sales are expected to increase this year. Net sales for the quarter were relatively in line with our estimate, and on a constant currency basis, about the same as the third quarter of 2016. We're making measured investments in our core markets of Mexico, Brazil and India, where we're seeing solid marketplace gains. Combined constant currency net sales growth in these markets was 8%, and we're improving on operating income trends at the same time. In China, we're executing against the Margin for Growth program as we discussed on March 1. This efficiency and effectiveness initiative is progressive nicely and on track. We're optimizing our in-country supply chain and streamlining the operating model, as we strike the right balance between in-country investments and near-term market opportunities. As expected, due to summer seasonality, the China chocolate category declined by about minus 1% and is roughly flat year-to-date. Small format stores continued to show growth, outpacing the marketplace performance in hypermarkets. Going forward, we have a measured and disciplined strategy in China that is focused on the Hershey brand's messaging, continued e-commerce penetration, and smaller store format expansion. So I'm pleased with our progress in this segment. And I expect our focus on profitable growth to result in break-even or better operating results this year. Now to wrap up, confections is one of the largest segments within the $100 billion U.S. snack market, and we are confident that our brands and consumer-centric business model position us well to deliver sustained top and bottom-line growth over the long-term. I'm encouraged that the broader snacks category continues to grow, despite the volatile consumer and retail environment. Our strong U.S. marketplace presence and solid financial position gives us the flexibility to smartly invest in confectionery and other snacks as well as in the capabilities that give us a competitive edge at retail and with consumers. We're committed to our marketing mix modeling, trade, TV advertising, and digital media and investments related to innovation, consumer marketing and insights. This is part of our DNA and why I remain so optimistic about Hershey and the opportunities that lie ahead of us. As we look to 2018, it's too early to talk about details; however, we feel good about our preliminary plans. We believe we have the right level of core brand activity, innovation, and programming lined up that will continue to drive category growth, despite a shorter Easter. Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch Triple Chocolate and upcoming Reese's innovation will bring variety and news to the category. And I'm also excited with the introduction of Hershey's Gold, Hershey's fourth flavor. Hershey's Gold features a rich cream that delivers a buttery sweet flavor and a distinctively new Hershey's experience. Its caramelize cream also includes a combination of salty crunchy bits of peanuts and pretzels that deliver a creamy, crunchy satisfaction. The instant consumable pack type will begin to ship to only a few select customers in Q4, but you'll see it in stores more broadly in January, as merchandising and program will be tied with the Winter Olympics, which begin on February 9. We're a growth and EBIT margin-focused company with a goal of increasing margins over the long-term via both cost control and, importantly, top-line growth. I'll now turn it over to Patricia, who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Michele. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Third quarter net sales of $2.033 billion increased 1.5% versus last year and includes a 0.4 point benefit from favorable foreign currency translation. Constant currency net sales growth of 1.1% was in line with our estimate. Gains were primarily driven by the North America segment and the success of new products. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted came in at $1.33, an increase of about 3% versus last year, driven by our higher sales and the positive impact of the Margin for Growth program savings related to International and Other operating income improvements. Volume was a 0.7 point contribution to sales growth, and net price realization was a 0.4 point benefit. In Q2, we lapped the acquisition of barkTHINS, which is on track with our plans. By segment, North America net sales increased 1.6% versus the same period last year, including favorable foreign currency translation of 0.3 points. Volume was a 1.6 point contribution, and net price realization, 0.3 points unfavorable. We were pleased with North America segment sales performance, which benefited from core brand growth. Innovation, including Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch, as well as the launch of Hershey's and Reese's Popped Snack Mix and Chocolate Dipped Pretzels. Total International and Other segment net sales for the third quarter increased 0.8% versus last year. Excluding the 1.3 point impact of favorable foreign currency exchange, International and Other segment net sales declined 0.5% versus the year-ago period. Volume was off 5.2 points due to planned declines in China, and net price realization was a 4.7 point benefit. Turning to margins, adjusted gross profit increased about 1%, resulting in adjusted gross margin of 45.3%, a decline of 30 basis points versus the third quarter of last year. Lower input costs and supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives were more than offset by unfavorable sales mix and higher freight and increased levels of manufacturing and distribution costs, primarily related to the packaging initiatives that Michele mentioned and the company's focus on maintaining service targets at faster-growing retail customers. For the full year, we expect adjusted gross margin to increase about 25 basis points versus our previous outlook of about 50 basis points. The change is primarily driven by the higher freight, new packaging and customer service costs. And given our supply chain structure and our focus on strategic customers, this could be a gross margin headwind in the first half of 2018. Adjusted operating profit in the third quarter of $446.9 million was about the same as the year-ago period, resulting in operating profit margin of 22%, a decline of 30 basis points. As expected, the increase in gross profit, as well as SG&A productivity and cost savings at the corporate level, were offset by the planned investments in the business discussed last quarter, as well as higher go-to-market expenses and employee-related costs. And, as Michele mentioned, advertising and related consumer marketing expense increased 3.7% versus the third quarter of 2016, as advertising expense increased 10%, partially offset by lower consumer promotions. The third quarter 5.3% increase in North America advertising and related consumer marketing expense was in line with our forecast. Now, let me provide a brief update on our International and Other segment. On a constant currency basis, net sales declined 0.5% and was relatively in line with our forecast. The China supply chain transformation is on track, with the majority of the work expected to be complete by the end of 2018. The reorganization within SG&A functions, which began last quarter, is progressing. The benefit from this work is evident in the improvement in segment operating income. Our SKU analysis and optimization efforts are on track, and we'll look to leverage this work going forward as we focus on five strategic initiatives that should improve our top and bottom-line trends. Specifically, the team is looking to: drive Hershey brands' SKU conversion; Hershey innovation; to optimize channel growth, focusing on small formats; and focus on key strategic accounts; and our e-commerce. We expect China chocolate category sales in brick-and-mortar to be flat to slightly up for the full year 2017, while e-commerce is forecasted to grow around 15%. As expected, given our SKU optimization, our chocolate performance has lagged in brick-and-mortar; however, our online retail takeaway is up for the year-to-date period. Looking at our other focus markets, we continue to be please with our efforts in Mexico, Brazil and India, where combined constant currency net sales in these three countries increased 8%. Third quarter International and Other segment operating income of $16.4 million increased nicely. It was driven by the implementation of the Margin for Growth program and the timing of select investments and expenses. Therefore, we expect Q4 operating results in this segment to be similar to last year. As we stated previously, we are driving a strong profit-focused mentality in this segment and are beginning to see the bottom-line trend improve, and we expect International and other segment operating income to be at least breakeven this year. In Mexico, chocolate progress continues, with solid double-digit retail takeaway. For the year-to-date period, we slightly outpaced category growth and gained share. Q3 constant currency net sales in Mexico increased by about 10%, driven by a combination of volume and pricing. Sales were strong across key brands, particularly Kisses and Hershey's milk drink box. Our new Hershey's choco-yogo product continues to gain trial, with repeat in line with our expectations. In Brazil, our team is focused on profitable growth, despite the challenging operating environment. Q3 constant currency net sales increased 3.3%. We estimate that year-to-date chocolate category growth in Brazil is about 13%. Our retail takeaway was about two times the category growth rate, fueled by both distribution gains and higher velocities, resulting in a market share gain of about 0.5 point. Constant currency net sales in India increased 16% and slightly exceeded our plan. Growth in the brands we're investing behind continues to be solid. Our transition of the India portfolio is enabling a higher margin business, and we are on track to expand gross margins here by 1,000 basis points in 2017. This is enabling adjustments in the local marketplace that should result in a sustainable operating model. Moving down the P&L, third quarter interest expense of $24.6 million was in line with last year. For the full year, we continue to expect interest expense to be in the $95 million to $100 million range. The adjusted tax rate in the third quarter of 2017 was 30.4% versus 30.7% in the year-ago period. For the full year, we anticipate that the effective tax rate will be towards the high end of the 26.5% to 27% outlook we discussed last quarter. In 2017, we expect other income and expense related to tax credits to be about $65 million versus our previous estimate of $60 million. For the third quarter of 2017, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 213.4 million shares, resulting in adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $1.33, or an increase of 3.1% versus a year ago. Total capital additions, including software, in the third quarter and year-to-date period, were $64 million and $149 million, respectively. For the full year, we expect that CapEx will be in the $260 million to $275 million range versus the previous estimate of $270 million to $290 million. During the third quarter, adjusted depreciation and amortization was $62 million, and we paid $136 million in dividends. On August 23, the Board of Directors approved and the company announced that it purchased 1.5 million shares of its common stock from the Hershey Trust Company for approximately $159 million, or $106 per share. The company did not repurchase any common shares against the $500 million share repurchase authorization approved in January 2016. There is $100 million remaining on this authorization. This morning, we announced that the Board of Directors approved an additional $100 million share repurchase program that will commence after the current program is completed. This authorization is a result of the company's strong balance sheet and confidence that we'll deliver long-term earnings per share-diluted growth of 6% to 8%. Additionally, in the third quarter and year-to-date period, the company repurchased $41 million and $141 million, respectively, of common shares to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options. Now to summarize, as Michele stated, we are focused on our consumer-centric business model and on driving growth and margin expansion, with the right level of investment. And while we're excited about the launch of Hershey's Gold and Cookie Layer Crunch Triple Chocolate, the Q4 sales of these products are not expected to be as great as the Cookie Layer Crunch fourth quarter 2016 sell-in. Consumer uncertainty persists across several geographies. We're pushing hard in export markets such as Asia and the Caribbean, where some Q4 challenges have cropped up. We believe, however, that the plans we have in place will enable us to achieve our full year constant currency sales target of around 1.25%. Exchange rates continue to fluctuate, and we now expect the impact on full year sales to be minimal versus our previous outlook of 25 basis points unfavorable. As we have implied in prior calls, input costs are lower this year; however, the supply chain costs I discussed earlier are greater than our previous estimate. Therefore, expected full year adjusted gross margin expansion is about 25 basis points. The Margin for Growth program is progressing, and we continue to expect 2017 savings of about $25 million. Combined with advertising and related consumer marketing, it should be about the same as last year, and a slightly higher tax rate towards the top end of the range, we continue to expect 2017 adjusted earnings per share-diluted growth to be around the high end of our 7% to 9% target. Thank you for your time this morning. And I'll now turn it back over to Michele for some closing comments.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, Patricia. I just want to start by thanking all of our employees for those solid Q3 results that we delivered. As you've heard me say before, in an environment of accelerating change, I see opportunity. And I'm optimistic about our future. We are focused on what we need to do to succeed. Our balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. Our executive management team and the Board of Directors are confident that we'll continue to build value for all Hershey shareholders. So thank you. And now, we will open it up for any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go first to the line of Ken Goldman. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thank you.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Hey, Ken.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: You had talked about spending more on your customers for maintaining some of their service targets. Can you elaborate on this a bit? And the reason I'm asking is we're hearing about Walmart and Kroger meeting with U.S. food companies to really make sure that out-of-stocks are limited. So I guess I'm curious and I know you don't necessarily know what's happening with some other food companies, but from your perspective, do you think this pressure is specific to Hershey? Or do you think the pressure, if there is any pressure, really, to maintain these customer service targets, is something more broad-based around food that we should be aware of?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So let me talk a little bit broadly, and I'll also talk about Hershey in particular. So first of all, yeah, customer service rates are critically important to our customers in the marketplace right now. And I think, certainly, as there is a pressured consumer retail environment, we all want to capture every sale that we possibly can. So, as a result of that, we believe it was a strategically-good decision for us to really focus and up our performance on customer fill even higher, even if it meant some additional investments in moving product around a bit more. So I would say that that is an overall theme in the industry between retailers and manufacturers that we are all jointly working on together. I'll also tell you, if I speak to Hershey specifically, there are a couple pressures that we had. So you can see the strong growth that we have in our core brands and have continued to have all year long, has actually put pressure on activity (30:14) across our system. And we have made decisions to move product around a bit more to make sure we don't lose any of those sales as we invest in manufacturing capacity to expand our capabilities on those brands. Some of the innovation that we've had on our business as well has necessitated a few more touches and a few more additional shipments that drove some cost for us. Some of the multi-component products like Snack Mix, for example, where you're moving multiple ingredients to make the products. And then also some of our packaging initiatives that we believe are critically important in the marketplace, which, on a temporary basis, create some additional inventory across the system. And then I think you're aware, you've probably heard others talk about that, going forward, there are some additional pressures just across freight, given tightening capacity in the short-term. There were some weather-related issues. And over the longer-term, I think there are some trucking-related, trucker availability issues and capacity that are emerging and starting to impact, as well as some new regulatory changes that we believe is going to create pressure on the availability of truckers as well.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And thank you very much for that detail. Very quick one for me, you talked about the sales mix maybe hurting your gross margin a little bit. How much of that, if at all, was related to some weak C-store trends we're seeing, not necessarily for you but across the board?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yes. I mean, certainly, we've seen that the C-store retail community has talked about some of the pressures that they felt in their stores and trips not being where they would like them to be. So we certainly sell a lot of instant consumables there. So we are always anxious to have strong trips into that environment. So certainly, that has an impact. I would say there's a few other places where we're expanding the portfolio across snacking that also have a lower margin than our core items. And certainly things like Snack Mix, which I think have very viable and successful in the marketplace, create a little pressure on mix as well.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Yes. And, Ken, just one more point to remember, we did talk about the top-line in the second quarter and would had reflected the trends we were seeing in the C-store at that time.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Rob Moskow. Please go ahead.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Rob, you there?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Oh, sorry. Yeah, thanks. I could be modeling this a bit off, but I'm trying to figure out what your guidance implies for operating income in fourth quarter. It looks to be down double-digit, if I got the tax rate right. So did I get that right? And is there anything specific about fourth quarter on the comparisons that caused that? I know you had a tough comp to last year's Cookie Layer Crunch launch. Thanks.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, thanks. Yeah, I think that's the biggest impact you're really seeing is that tough comp to last year (33:37) impact. That's really the biggest driver that we have. We also have – fourth (33:42) quarter's our time when we typically spend a fair amount of advertising in China as well. That's always a fourth quarter drag on our performance. And we do have really strong advertising performance that we're expecting in the fourth quarter in our U.S. business related to our new product innovation.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. So it's higher advertising? That's what makes this quarter different from the other quarters?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Well, and the sell-in on Cookie Layer Crunch.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: That's the implication in your model. Sales are obviously down in the fourth quarter. We planned it that way, Rob, going back to July, as we stated in the remarks, you have some of these gross margin pressures in the third quarter, certainly, you'll have for all of the fourth quarter. You'll be seeing more of the packaging that we talked to ship more in the fourth quarter than the third, as third is highly weighted, obviously, more towards Halloween.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And can I ask a follow-up about 2018? I know it's early, but we're all watching cocoa commodity costs and seeing all this deflation, hopefully, benefiting your business. It seems to me that that benefit could be quite a bit bigger than the drags you're talking about on freight and on mix. Maybe it's early to talk about those things, but could you give us a sense of, just broadly, whether you're still thinking about gross margin expansion in 2018.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Patricia, do you want to talk about that a little bit?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. We always want to expand our gross margin. In terms of commodities, in general, as we like to remind you, we hedge out 3 to 24 months. So we're not going to ever see us completely follow the market on cocoa. We're going to bleed that in over the next couple years. And, in fact, we already had said that we had lower input costs this year. So we've already captured some of that reduction in cocoa. We see other commodities that continue to actually be up, so the mix basket is certainly moderating that reduction in cocoa prices.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of David Driscoll. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great, thank you and good morning.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Wanted to ask a little bit more about the retail inventory levels. I believe that on the last call, you talked about second quarter shipments coming in ahead of consumption. I think we estimated that as something like two percentage points. In the quarter, it doesn't look like there was a big difference between shipments and consumption. So I'm just wondering about the inventories at retail. Do you expect it to have a negative impact in the fourth quarter relative to your shipments? Just where do things stand?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, David, we continue to expect that at the end of the year, our inventory and our retail takeaway will be aligned. Third quarter has been a little bit of a messy quarter relative to all those weather impacts that occurred. And actually, even being able to get the available data from a Nielsen or an IRI to really feel confident, given some of the stores that have been closed down, et cetera, and then also with seasons. So I think the best way to think about it is that we anticipate them to be fully aligned by the end of the year.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. And looking at your things to make, (37:12) David, for the fourth quarter, while it won't look like the third quarter at all on the top line, we expect takeaway to be positive in the fourth quarter.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. That's really helpful. A follow-up on the C-stores, our data actually does show that C-stores have been weakening for Hershey. And I'm just curious if you could just develop a little bit more why. I think you were talking about trips before. Is it just trip issues or is there anything specific to your products in C-stores? And then, just do you have any...?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, David. If you look at our full year plan, our plan was a bit more front-loaded. And particularly, if you looked at C-store, we are lapping an unusually strong period year ago on instant consumable innovation when we had the Kit Kat Big Kat and as well as the Reese's Pieces Cup. And so the category was looking good in third quarter. And we have a tough lap, though, particularly because of the year-ago innovation in instant consumable and that's the biggest thing impacting us.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Very helpful. Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Steve Strycula. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Quick question for gross margins, just want to clarify, against the cocoa benefit that you guys will be facing, you also commented about incremental headwinds related to supply chain persisting into next year. When we net the two together, should we still think of like a similar type of gross margins trending lower when you mention pressure for the first half of next year, or should we just expect more muted gross margin gains? Thank you.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: This is Patricia. I think that we always want to be more (39:08) gross margin, but, yeah, we do see them as being more muted based on the points that you made. We'll be giving our guidance next year with more specificity.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Steve?
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Oh, that was it for me.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Jonathan Feeney. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much. Just one; Patricia, could you maybe give us some more detail on what are the mix factors, either by channel or product, that you called out in your commentary and their approximate magnitude, as far as their impact on gross margin, both this year and going forward? Thank you.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I think we've touched a few of them already in the call. So, first of all, we are seeing some impacts from our expected and very successful Snack Mix products, or similar products like that, that are pressured gross margin. Nothing is as profitable, we always say, as our core of our core products. But we do need to expand our portfolio. And then, also, some of the things that we've already touched on around the general mix between instant consumable and other types, between seasons, instant consumable is also a little bit of a pressure on us as well.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Is it about in that order of magnitude? And are there any other channel impacts going from C-store, which is presumably underperforming, as Dave and you mentioned, versus to other channels?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: I think of it more as an instant consumable impact, frankly, than a channel-driven one.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Understood. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Andrew Lazar. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning everybody.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Of some of the negative impacts to gross margin, as you talked about, that might persistent a little bit into 2018, freight, packaging, some of the service targets, mix, I was hoping maybe you could dimensionalize those a bit, if there are ones that are of larger impact versus some of the others. And maybe if there's any way you can help quantify a little bit their impact in this quarter, it can help us a little bit with the way we think about how 2018 can play out.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, Andrew, I mean, for various competitive reasons, I'm not sure we want to get into the magnitude of each one of these. We all have different levels of investments with customers and how we service them. As you look to 2018, certainly, we started the initiative you're seeing here in the third quarter. So you will see in the first six months of 2018, a pressure on gross margin. I'm not saying gross margin's up or down in the first half for 2018. We'll give more specificity, obviously, in January. Commodities, we have deflation this year. You know there are some that are going to be up all the time, even as it relates to next year. Some that are going to be down as it relates to next year. We're a gross margin-focused company. We need that to work to keep investing in the model and get the virtuous cycle that Michele referred to. So I mean, I think, overall, we feel pretty good about our long-term outlook.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you. And then, Michele, you had mentioned some of the other non-core chocolate and candy brands are the ones that you'll be talking a little bit more about going forward. But maybe you can give us a little insight into maybe what some of the issues are with some of those brands. Was it just lack of appropriate innovation or effective innovation? Or maybe what some of the issues have been around why those have been a bit more of a drag?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: No, absolutely. So if you think about our total portfolio, if you think about the baking piece of the portfolio, chips and syrup, I think, saw some of the similar trends that we've seen with other center of store categories, so some pressure there. We spoke earlier this year relative to us having a focus to right-size our snacking portfolio and really focus more in a precision approach, so some of that right-sizing. And then, as it comes to what we call our variety chocolate brands and sweets, we've been working on optimizing our consumer communication and investments there to stabilize and get some growth out of those brands.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Jason English. Your line is open.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for allowing me to ask a question. I actually have two questions; first, a bit more strategic and then one a bit more tactical. Patricia, I think you referenced and, Michele, you've referenced many times, your portfolio diversification strategy. And if I go back to your Analyst Day, there was quite a bit of focus on trying to spread your wings beyond just your core CMG space. And you've done it with a little bit of innovation. Where do we sit on that now? Where do we sit in terms of the ambition, the progress? And you mentioned your clean balance sheet. Could we expect to see you utilize that to try to accelerate some of those initiatives outside of the core CMG space?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So we remain committed to our strategy of being an innovative snacking powerhouse and really a focus on capturing more snacking occasions and appealing to new users within snacking. And, yes, I think we're continuing to execute against the strategies that we've laid out relative to innovation, leveraging our core brands in areas like Snack Mix, which we're really pleased with the results; barkTHINS, which is up, I think, 50% this year, which has also been a nice addition. And as we look at our priorities overall, we've always stated that M&A is a key piece of that. And you've seen us execute against that over the past couple years. So I would expect that that would continue to be a piece of how we look to deliver that expansion.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. So turning quickly to the second question, you mentioned some sort of top-line drag from SKU rationalization, portfolio optimization, clean-up, et cetera. We don't really see evidence in the data yet. As a matter of fact, your total distribution points are up overall. They're up in chocolate. They're up in non-chocolate candy. They're up baking, gum. So I guess the question there is one of cadence. Has this been sort of a recent thrust that maybe hasn't yet shown up in the data, and therefore, is likely going to be a drag on the go-forward?
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Yes. Jason, this is Mark. I mean, I think you heard us reference some of this in March 1 as well. I mean, I think as a matter of practice, we're always doing this and you're seeing selective SKUs come out. Not every piece of innovation that we have will be on the shelf for three, four, four or five years. So there is a cycle to offset so that when (46:51) some of this comes off, we have something there to replace it. But sometimes, the velocity of what it's replacing versus the velocity of what's coming is, isn't always, always, always equal. And you may see some of that play out over time here in the next year or two, as you look at the velocity of some of the snack stuff in CMG. When you think...
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I was going to say, I think it might just be hard to look at total distribution points because there is so much noise in those distribution points. So we've had an active SKU rationalization program where we are eliminating merchandising SKUs, many smaller things. At the same time, we have our stand-up packaging initiative in the marketplace, which put new SKUs in place, which we think are very productive SKUs. And so there's a little bit – both of those things going on at the same time that I think is getting muted in the total numbers, too.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Rob Dickerson. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning. This is Kiniko (48:04) on for Rob. I just had a quick question for you. We recently heard a large U.S. confection player state in their recent earnings result that there has been a retailer push ahead of Halloween. So I was just trying to get a sense of what do you make of that in terms of the overall, I guess, promotional backdrop? Was there more promotional activity? Are retailers trying to drive traffic even more so this year, particularly with branded candy? And do you expect this to persist going into Q4?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So I think that we always see retailers really try and leverage seasons as a destination to bring consumers into their store environments. And I think that this year is no different, from that perspective. I would say, I would remind you that we have continued to see over the past several years a lot of compression around the holidays. So with Halloween being on Tuesday, it's hard to get a total feel for what the season will shake out like. But I think that overall merchandising, we're seeing very strong collaboration with retailers, as we have in the past. So I can't say we've seen a really big change there. I think we see the retailer continuing to use the seasons as they have.
Unknown Speaker: Okay, great. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Alexia Howard. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can I ask about the pricing dynamics in North America? Your pricing is down, I think, 0.3% in the region this quarter. We've been hearing about it being more challenging out there, with retailers pushing back on pricing. I imagine that that's either a mix effect or maybe tweaking promotional activity year-on-year. Could you just comment on how competitive things are out there and maybe even if you can't comment on exactly pricing strategy from here, how you expect the shape of that to develop going forward? Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: You know, we have had a continuous focus, as we've talked to you before, about building strategic revenue management capabilities. Our big focus has continuously been being even more effective and efficient with our promotional dollars. And so, I think the movement that you would see in the marketplace, at least from us, would be around us really trying to get tighter about the best promotional programs and price points that maximize driving top-line, but at the most profitable levels, so that we're not getting ineffective deflation, but we're using price to maximize revenue. And I think that continues to be a focus for us. Certainly, I think in a pressured environment, some elements of the market are looking at whether price can bring in more consumers. But I think that everybody's also looking at that in a very balanced way, which is unless price is really driving incrementality, then it's deflation that has no benefit. So, I think that's what we're really seeing in the marketplace. And our focus, clearly, is on making every dollar count, getting smarter about what really drives the performance.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of John Baumgartner. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for the question. Good morning.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Michele, just curious in terms of the retail landscape, you mentioned that some of the snack section is being merchandised in the snacks aisle. So I guess first off, do you have a sense from your consumer segmentation work or from retail observations, are the salty snacks categories where share is kind of being sourced to make way for this snack section?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So as we look at our broad snacking strategy, clearly, the goal of expanding occasions is to drive incremental purchase and to source more broadly across that snacking wheel. And, yes, I would say we do do research and analytics to try and understand how we can best develop propositions that will add incrementally to our portfolio. So that's definitely a key area of focus for us.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And can you speak to the promotion and some of the merchandising protocols in that snacking aisle? I mean, how are the interactions different with the consumers and retailers from confectionery? It seems that that salty snack space is a lot more fragmented.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So I think where we are gaining some placement, it is an area that's more fragmented. And certainly, one approach that we're trying to do is to leverage the strengths that we've built over the years around category management to help the retailers to make that section as productive as possible to bring some of the great innovation that we've been known for in the confection category and provide news and exciting propositions in that segment to generate interest and bring new shoppers there. So our focus is really, just as it is within confection, how do we drive the category there and bring incrementality. If I think about the competition, I think national players always tend to be pretty strong wherever they're established. And I think it sometimes more the regional players that experience pressure in those scenarios.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So are you finding the shelf space is a bit more expensive in that snacks aisle and that's part of the negative margin mix of the snacks section business?
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Patricia has always said, nothing is going to ever be as profitable as a candy bar, if you're looking at its absolute margin. So, I mean, as it relates to everything else in that aisle, I would probably say no. But as it relates to our portfolio, obviously, nothing is as profitable as a candy bar, right?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: So it's that more than the mix around shelf space. It's not a shelf space issue. It's just a fundamental value proposition all the way through our chain.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yes.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Understood. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to the line of Ken Zaslow. Please go ahead.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone. Most of my questions have been answered. I just want to understand the CapEx, you reduced it a little bit. Was there something to think about there? Is it just a refinement? Is it putting projects into next year? And then, can you just talk about some of the key capital projects that you have?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. This is Patricia. I'll take that one. So, as we told you, we're embarking on a multi-year replacement of our ERP system and some associated projects. As is typical in the early days of refining that, we just moved some money out on that. It really is related to making sure that we're putting the right resources against those systems and fine-tuning the best way to do that. That's really the biggest impact of the CapEx reduction.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. So there's nothing to read into it. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Just the normal adjustments of big systems projects, I would say.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Perfect. Thank you very much.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Okay, thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our last question from Erin Lash.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you for taking the question. I kind of want to touch on capital priorities, cash priorities, particularly in light of a major confectionery player pursuing strategic alternatives for their confectionery offerings in the U.S. and just kind get your sense. I know you won't comment specifically on that transaction, but just your sense for the overall acquisition environment, the multiples that sellers are looking for and basically your appetite to do a deal.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I would just say we've stated before that M&A is a piece of our capital strategy. We're particularly interested in companies with accelerating revenue growth, primarily within the U.S. $100 billion snack wheel. And certainly, are interested in companies that either complement our confectionery portfolio, our snacks business or our go-to-market. Patricia, anything you want to add to that?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: No. There's really been no change in our priorities from a (56:52) capital perspective in terms of investing in the business, and making sure we return cash to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. There's really been no change in that approach.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: And I think we're just always looking for propositions that are – everything we do is around creating shareholder value, whether it's on our base business or M&A. So that's always our lens.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): To the extent that you have looked at deals up till now, do you feel like the premiums being proposed by sellers are reasonable or inflated? Any sense there would be helpful.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: You know, it's a competitive marketplace and that's about all I would say, right, continues to be competitive marketplace out there from an M&A perspective.
Erin Lash - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Thank you for joining us today for the third quarter conference call. The Investor Relations group will be available for any follow-ups you may have.
Operator: We'd like to thank everybody for their participation. Please feel free to disconnect the line at any time.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co. Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co. Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co. John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call. My name is Keith, and I'll be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. This call is scheduled to end at about 9:30 AM, so please limit yourself to one question so we can get to as many of you as possible. And please note this call may be recorded. Thank you. It's my pleasure to turn your conference over to Mr. Mark Pogharian. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's second quarter 2017 conference call. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2016 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income, prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss second quarter 2017 results excluding net pre-tax charges of $28.9 million, or $0.14 per share-diluted, which are primarily related to business realignment cost and derivative mark-to-marketing losses. These charges are defined in the appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.TheHersheyCompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Michele Buck.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to all of you on the phone and webcast. Hershey's second quarter results were solid, with particular strength in market share and EPS delivery. And we made solid progress against the initiatives that we discussed with you earlier this year. I was pleased with our innovation performance and solid second quarter U.S. retail takeaway of 4%, driven both by our core brands and Easter, where we gained 1.6 market share points in this important season. Constant currency net sales increased 1.8% and were greater than our previous estimate, driven by the timing of new stand-up packaging as well as distributor changes by several customers. Gross margin was up nicely in Q2, and we continue to expect it to increase around 50 basis points for the full year. This will enable us to maintain investments in initiatives that should benefit the company in the near and long-term and drive future growth. Adjusted EPS of $1.09 was greater than our previous estimate, due to higher sales, gross margin expansion and the timing of advertising and related marketing investments versus our forecast. We continue to expect that full year advertising and related marketing will increase versus last year. The Margin for Growth Program we discussed on March 1st is progressing nicely. And we believe the benefit in 2017 will be a little bit better than our initial thoughts. Importantly, year-to-date adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS increased 13% and 23%, respectively. This puts us in a position to deliver solid full-year EPS growth at the high-end of our 7% to 9% range, while also enabling important investment in the business. Our core power chocolate brands, Reese's, Hershey's, Kit Kat and Kisses, continue to perform well, with retail takeaway up 6% and market share up 1 full point year-to-date. Nielsen's second quarter measures do not encompass the entire Easter season in both the year-ago and current periods. Therefore, the majority of my remarks today will refer to year-to-date marketplace performance for the 24 weeks ended July 8, 2017. Year-to-date, CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, category growth in the xAOC+C-store channels, was up 1%. Importantly, within the chocolate and non-chocolate candy segment, where we derive the majority of our U.S. sales, year-to-date category growth is about 2.1%. Turning to Hershey takeaway, total Hershey U.S. retail takeaway for the year-to-date period through July 8, 2017, was up 1.4%, driven by solid CMG growth of 2%. This more than offset some softness in grocery items such as baking chips and syrup, as well as lapping last year's successful snacks performance. Our year-to-date CMG market share was up 0.3 points, resulting in a market-leading share position of 31%. Importantly, our CMG non-seasonal retail takeaway and market share adjusted for Easter cannibalization increased. Year-to-date, xAOC+C-store chocolate category growth was plus 2.3%. Hershey's xAOC+C-store chocolate retail takeaway was plus 2.9%, resulting in a chocolate market share gain of 0.3 points. While we feel good about the progress we've made and strong market share gains, our year-to-date takeaway is lower than we anticipated, driven by the challenges we are seeing broadly across the total box. As a result, we have updated our full-year net sales forecast to reflect this change in shopping patterns and behavior that will most likely continue over the remainder of the year. We have good visibility into our second half seasonal orders and have strong consumer support that we expect will drive second half retail takeaway of about 1%. This will outpace second half net sales, which we estimate will be around the same as the year-ago period, due to the second quarter timing I mentioned earlier. Our response and go-to-market strategy in this fast-changing retail environment must continue to evolve. Work is underway to determine how to further leverage our advantaged capabilities and knowledge to enable us to deliver the consistent top-line growth that we expect from our business. We believe the CMG and broader snack wheel will continue to outperform the center of the plate shelf-stable part of the store. CMG and snacks have inherent advantages such as impulsivity, seasons and multiple pack types for usage occasions. This facilitates merchandising and display within different parts of the box where there is foot traffic, like the perimeter and check-out. We will keep building on our expertise as we continue to encounter greater levels of competitive snacks innovation and related in-store merchandising and programming. So we're focusing on three areas of our business that we control where we can drive growth. One, CMG and snacks innovation; consistently delivering meaningful, sustainable, candy and snacks innovation on an annual basis is an important lever of our overall growth algorithm. We're testing products and concepts from the snacks demand landscape work, and we're encouraged with the early results. The demand work is also pointing to an opportunity around branding. Our core candy brands have appealed to other snack consumers. However, there remains an opportunity to more effectively target this group. We'll leverage this work in the near future and look forward to sharing the insights with you. Leading this effort will be Mary Beth West, who joined Hershey in May as our new Senior Vice President and Chief Growth Officer. Mary Beth will oversee the company's growth strategy, including insights and analytics, strategy, innovation, R&D and M&A. She is an accomplished leader who is considered one of the best food executives and marketers in the industry. Her deep experience in growing some of the world's best-known consumer brands and demonstrated ability to transform consumer engagement will be a tremendous asset to Hershey as we chart our growth agenda. Two, we're accelerating our efforts in collaboration with key brick-and-mortar retailers related to their click-and-collect and omni-channel initiatives, as well as with established e-commerce players. This is a fast-evolving and continuously-changing space. And we're partnering on digital front-end design to drive category and Hershey growth. We are making investments over our strategic planning cycle that we believe will lead to solutions to ensure that Hershey and the category remain top-of-mind with consumers, no matter where and how they shop. The build-out of this strategy should help ensure that we have a compelling message and product that connects with the consumers of our major retail partners in all channels. Our absolute annual e-commerce net sales dollars are small, low single digits on a percentage basis, but it's the fastest-growing platform of our business. As shopping and consumption patterns change, there's been an acceleration of online snacks purchases in 2017. We're expanding and further developing our e-commerce CMG and snacks business. We have a dedicated cross-functional team responsible for the strategies and execution of our e-commerce plans that report directly to Todd Tillemans, President of our U.S. Commercial Group. Within our supply chain, initiatives are underway to create more efficient pack types and packaging to accommodate the needs of e-commerce and click-and-collect retailers. And we'll leverage the learnings from our digital and social marketing teams with the goal of converting every consumer connection into a purchase opportunity. The seasonal component of our core business gives us an opportunity to engage with consumers and potentially leverage this into subscription or occasion-based purchases. While we have come a long way, we believe we're still in the very early innings, with a long runway of opportunity ahead of us in the e-commerce space. Three, we need to leverage and commercially-activate the incremental consumer data that is becoming increasingly available due to technology advancements. We have advantaged capabilities today; however, we need to continue to develop them. Our analytics and consumer insights have historically focused on traditional methodologies based on qualitative and quantitative shopper feedback. Predictive analytics, machine learning and big data sets to identify candy and snack growth opportunities is getting better. And we're constantly exploring how to leverage and further our capabilities using this technology. So there are a lot of exciting growth initiatives under way that we believe will help ensure Hershey remains a top quartile performance. Now, for an update on our International and Other segment, we are driving growth while meaningfully improving profitability. Excluding China, our International and Other segment constant currency net sales are expected to increase mid-single digits this year. We're making measured investments in our core markets of Mexico, Brazil and India, where we're seeing solid marketplace gains while improving on operating income trends. Net sales for the quarter were greater than our estimate, although on a constant currency basis, slightly lower versus the second quarter of 2016. Mexico and Brazil continue to deliver against plan and achieved constant currency net sales growth in Q2 of a combined 12%. And in India, where we have evolved our portfolio, shifting to higher-margin value-added products to strengthen our business model. We're sharing these learnings with our team in China, who's focused on doing the same. In the second quarter, implementation of the Margin for Growth Program in China commenced. We have begun to optimize the manufacturing operations and the related support functions as we strike the right balance between in-country investments and near-term market opportunities. China chocolate category sales sequentially improved from Q1 to Q2, increasing plus 1.9%. Small format stores continue to show growth and more than offset hypermarket softness, resulting in a year-to-date chocolate category growth of about 0.5%. Our e-commerce team continues to make progress, and we estimate that our online market share increased 0.6 points in Q2 to 8.6%. Going forward, we have a disciplined strategy in China that is focused on effective Hershey brand messaging, continued e-commerce penetration and smaller store format expansion to enable us to capture the opportunity in this emerging market. Now to wrap-up, we're making progress against the many growth initiatives we outlined when we were with you on March 1st. In the second half of this year, we're lapping a solid comp versus the year-ago period. However, we have a lot of innovation and activity, including the continued rollout of Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch bars, the late Q2 launch of Reese's and Hershey's Crunchers Candy and Reese's Crunchy Cookie Cups, as well as solid Halloween and holiday plans, all of which should enable us to achieve our goals. We have much work to do. And there are always refinements along the way, especially now, given the consumer and retail environment seems to be changing at an accelerated pace. With this change, I see tremendous opportunity, opportunity to evolve our business model, to advance our capabilities to new heights, and to create new vectors to unlock future growth. As evidenced by the market share gains of our core chocolate products, our brands resonate with consumers in an increasingly competitive environment. Consumers have an emotional connectivity to this category. And when combined with our go-to-market capabilities and knowledge, I feel we're positioned nicely for future growth in measured and evolving non-measured outlets. The Margin for Growth Program should provide us with the fuel to invest in the initiatives that we believe will create long-term value for our shareholders. We'll continue to invest in our brands and in the capabilities that give us a competitive edge at retail and with consumers. We believe our margins are sustainable and are forecasted to increase over a strategic planning cycle. And our strong operating cash flow gives us many options to grow our business and reward shareholders. I'll now turn it over to Patricia, who will provide you details on our financial results. Patricia?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Michele. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Second quarter net sales of $1.66 billion increased 1.5% versus last year. This was greater than the estimate we spoke to you about in April, due to the timing of some customer shipments that Michele discussed earlier. As implied in April, we did not expect a big acceleration in Q2 from a net sales and retail takeaway perspective, given the late Easter and the lapping of successful new product launches like Kit Kat Big Kat and Reese's Pieces Cups in the year-ago period. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted came in at $1.09, an increase of about 28% versus last year, driven by the higher sales, by solid gross margin expansion, OI improvements in the International and Other segment, driven by our Margin for Growth Program savings, which are coming in a little faster than we anticipated, a decline in corporate expenses and a reduction in the year-over-year tax rate that was in line with our estimate. Excluding unfavorable foreign currency translation of 0.3 points, net sales increased 1.8% versus the year-ago period. Volume was a 1.2 point contribution to sales growth, and net price realization was a 0.1 point favorable. The barkTHINS acquisition was a 50 basis point benefit in the second quarter and is relatively on track with our plans. By segment, North America net sales increased 2.2% versus the same period last year. Excluding Canada's unfavorable foreign currency translation of 0.3 points, net sales increased 2.5% versus the year-ago period. Volume was a 1.7 point contribution and net price realization was a 0.2 points favorable. The barkTHINS acquisition was a 60 basis point benefit. Given the level of competitive activity in the CMG category and the timing of innovation and promotions impacting year-over-year comparability, we were pleased with our U.S. market share performance. However, similar to trends experienced by the broader U.S. food group, 2Q CMG category growth and Hershey retail takeaway was less than our forecast. The company forecasts growth in U.S. retail takeaway and market share in the second half of the year, despite the broader industry retail challenges that are expected to persist. Due to the timing of some Q2 shipments, our net sales in the second half of the year are expected to be about the same as a year ago. As is typically the case, the company expects full-year U.S. retail takeaway and net sales growth to be similar. Total International and Other segment net sales for the second quarter decreased 3.6% versus last year. Excluding the 10 basis point impact of unfavorable foreign currency exchange, International and Other segment net sales decreased 3.5% versus the year-ago period. Volume was off 2.1 points, due to planned declines in China and net price realization was a 1.4 point headwind. Turning to margins, adjusted gross margin of 47.1% increased 160 basis points in the second quarter, driven primarily by lower input costs and supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives. This more than offset unfavorable sales mix and a slight increase in obsolescence. For the full year, we continue to expect adjusted gross margin to increase about 50 basis points, driven by lower input costs, greater than our previous estimate, and by productivity and cost savings initiatives. This is expected to offset second half fixed costs volume absorption due to lower sales, unfavorable product mix and the rollout of new packaging formats. Adjusted operating profit in the second quarter increased about 16.9% versus the year-ago period, resulting in operating profit margin of 20.8%, an increase of 270 basis points. The increase was driven by the higher gross profit and lower SG&A due to productivity and cost savings, both at the corporate level and in China, driven by our Margin for Growth Program. Total advertising and related consumer marketing expense was about the same as the second quarter of 2016. Our forecast back in April called for mid to high single digits percentage increase. However, given the retail environment, the forecasted second quarter increase in advertising and related consumer marketing expense is now planned to occur in the second half of the year. The company continues to expect that full-year advertising and related consumer marketing will increase in 2017. Now, let me provide a brief update on our International and Other segment. On a constant currency basis, net sales declined 3.5% versus last year, although revenue performance was slightly better than our forecast. Michele discussed our China operations, but let me add that I'm very pleased with the Margin for Growth Program work that is underway. While this has pressured sales, the rightsizing of the cost base is beginning to come through at the operating income level. Looking at our other focus markets, we continue to execute against our plans in Mexico, Brazil and India, where combined constant currency net sales in these three countries increased 10%; more on this in a minute. Second quarter International and Other segment operating income of $8.4 million increased nicely, driven by the implementation of the Margin for Growth Program. As we stated previously, we are driving a strong profit-focused mentality in this segment and are beginning to see the bottom-line trend improve in 2017. And we now expect International and Other segment operating income to be around the breakeven area for the year. In Mexico, chocolate progress continues, with solid double-digit retail takeaway that is in line with chocolate category growth. Q2 constant currency net sales in Mexico increased 17%, driven by a combination of volume and pricing. Sales were strong across key brands, particularly Kisses and Hershey's chocolates and Hershey's milk drink box. Our new Hershey's CHOCOYOGO product is off to a good start. We continue to build distribution in the modern trade, with repeat purchases and market share tracking with our estimates. In Brazil, our team is focused on profitable growth, despite the challenging operating environment. Q2 constant currency net sales increased by 3%, driven by about 6 points of pricing. We estimate that year-to-date, chocolate category growth in Brazil is about 10%. Our retail takeaway was about 2.5 times the category growth rate, fueled by both distribution gains and higher velocities, resulting in a market share gain of about 40 basis points. We do expect retail takeaway to temper in the second half of the year, due to increasing competitive activity from wait-outs and price-driven activities. Constant currency net sales in India increased about 2% and was in line with our plan. Importantly, growth in the brands we're investing behind, Hershey's branded syrup, spreads and milk booster, as well as Brookside, Jolly Rancher and SOFIT, increased more than 40%. The launch of Brookside, primarily in the modern trade, is progressing and on plan. Our transition of the India portfolio is enabling a higher margin business. And we are on track to expand gross margins here by 1,000 basis points in 2017. This is enabling investments in the marketplace that should result in a sustainable operating model. Moving down the P&L, second quarter interest expense of $24.1 million increased $2.8 million versus last year. For the full year, we continue to expect interest expense to be in the $95 million to $100 million range. As expected, the adjusted tax rate declined in the second quarter to 25%. The rate versus the second quarter of 2016 was driven primarily by a favorable rate differential related to supply chain and international operations, some discrete items, as well as the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 for the accounting of employee share-based payments. For the full year, the company now anticipates its effective rate to be between 26.5% and 27%. This is about 100 basis points lower than our previous outlook, due to the discrete tax items and slightly higher income tax credits. Specifically, in 2017, we expect other income and expense related to the corresponding tax credits to be about $60 million versus our previous estimate of $55 million. For the second quarter of 2017, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 214.6 million shares, in line with last year, resulting in adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $1.09, or an increase of about 28% versus a year ago. Total capital additions, including software, were $51.4 million in the second quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect that CapEx will be in the $270 million to $290 million range. And during the second quarter, adjusted depreciation and amortization was $60 million. In Q2, we paid $128 million in dividend. And earlier today, we announced that we increased the dividend by 6%. The company did not repurchase any common shares against the $500 million share repurchase authorization approved in January, 2016. There is $100 million remaining on this authorization. The company did repurchase $100 million of common shares in the second quarter to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options. Now to summarize; as Michele stated, we have a lot of activity over the remainder of the year. While our second half of the year profile is not as robust as we'd like, recall that we're lapping our strongest period of quarterly sales growth. Combined with the macroeconomic and consumer challenges at retail, we believe the plans we have in place will enable us to achieve our full-year sales target of around 1%, including the impact of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 25 basis points. As I mentioned earlier, we don't expect input cost inflation and continue to forecast adjusted gross margin expansion of about 50 basis points. The Margin for Growth Program is progressing, and we now expect 2017 savings of about $25 million versus our earlier forecast of about $15 million. Additionally, our brands typically respond positively in marketplace investments and we continue to forecast that full-year advertising and related consumer marketing will increase in 2017. Although lower than our previous estimate, SG&A, excluding advertising and related marketing expense, is expected to increase for the full year 2017 versus 2016, as our ERP expense will be ramping up in the second half. Combined with the lower tax rate, we continue to expect 2017 adjusted earnings per share-diluted to be towards the high-end of the 7% to 9% range. Thank you for your time this morning. And we'll now take any questions you may have.
Operator: We'll take your first question from Andrew Lazar. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, Andrew.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: My question is on marketing and advertising spend. I guess would you anticipate that the full-year spend that you plan is consistent with what you had initially targeted, just now concentrated in the back half of the year, as opposed to the increase that you thought previously in 2Q? And then, given that your brands in your business historically have been so responsive to the marketing spend, and you've got a lot of new stuff out there like the Cookie Layer Crunch and you've got some EPS flexibility in the 2Q, I guess. I guess I'm curious to get a little more color on why not spend earlier in the year behind some of these initiatives when your brands really are so responsive? Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So Andrew, as you know, we are big believers in investment in our brands. It's a key piece of our business model. We are fortunate to participate in a category that is very responsive to investment. So as we look at our investment in advertising and consumer-related spend, our impressions will be up, so we look both at the dollars, but we are also trying to get seated more impact from the dollars we spend. And our impressions will be up comparably both in half two as they were in half one. So even though there was a little bit of shifting in dollars, our spending is definitely in line with what we had forecast for the year; in fact, it's up a bit. And we continue to feel good that what we're getting from that spending is even higher, based on the marketing mix modeling that we're doing. So we're always making trade-offs and balances as we manage the year in terms of where we think we can get the biggest bang for our buck. So we are committed to the dollars, but sometimes we will shift it if we see an opportunity or we have some innovation. We had some in Q2 that actually the ship timing pushed out a little bit further than we anticipated and, therefore, we needed to push out the advertising. So I wouldn't think about it as much as a pull-back of us consciously pulling back on spending, but more making sure that we're getting the most and aligning it to the activity that we have and the quality of copy, et cetera.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Alexia Howard. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, Alexia.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. So, I guess my main question is you had a pretty hefty and clean beat this quarter versus expectations, yet you're not raising your formal guidance on the EPS range for the year. I know you're saying it's coming in at top-end. Is there anything that's getting tougher going forward than you expected, aside from the uncertainty around the store traffic here in the U.S.? Thank you very much.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. Alexia, I would say there's not any one big thing that we are trying to protect ourselves against. I actually think what we really want to do is make sure that we have the opportunity to invest into this marketplace. There are a lot of new capabilities. We're investing in e-commerce. We've mentioned before continued investments in activating some of the learnings from our demand landscape, work that we're doing around aisle reinvention, packaging updates, investing in emerging brands. So we're really looking at where those vectors upshift in evolution in the marketplace and how do we make sure that we are investing appropriately there and also still able to maintain all those critical investments in the core that drive our profit engine. So that's really what we're trying to do there.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: The other thing I'd add to that, Michele and Alexia, is really what I'm pleased about is that we were able to hold our EPS guidance, given that we took our net sales guidance down. And that really reflects the company's good cost discipline, which is allowing us both to maintain that as well as invest even more in the second half than we planned to.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I agree. The other thing, Alexia, just as a data point I should point out, ERP is another big investment. And as we look at our investments there, we'll actually be spending twice as much in the second half, behind ERP, as we have in the first half and that's meaningful.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning, folks. Thank you for the question.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Congratulations on a solid first half.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: One thing you highlighted, however, that's concerning is just the ongoing softer-than-expected category growth rates. You also mentioned e-comm, the impulsivity of the category, presumably, ongoing shift to e-comm threatens traffic; maybe it threatens the category with that impulsivity. So in context of the realities of slower category growth and maybe some risk on the forward, I'm surprised that we haven't heard you talk about your strategic focus on diversification to other snacks. So can you shed a little bit more light on where you're going? I know there's chatter or news out there on expansion into ready-to-eat popcorn. Could you just touch on some of the initiatives, whether or not there's a heightened sense of urgency in context to category, and what it means both from an organic and inorganic strategic direction?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Absolutely. So let me start with, first of all, we feel really good about this category and, particularly, about chocolate if you look at the chocolate takeaway numbers that were delivered this year, because the category softness was primarily driven by gum and mint. And, as you know, chocolate is the biggest piece of the category. The way that we think about the business is we need to win with growing customers. Our goal is always to outperform the marketplace and to gain market share, so that if there is softness, we get even more of our growth from market share gains. And we're heavily focused on that because it's our profit engine. At the same time I would tell you, I think about this marketplace as a time where we have a great core business that we're going to continue to drive. And at the same time, we have some opportunities to evolve, to evolve our product and brand portfolio and also to evolve our channel mix to adapt to the changing marketplace. Snacks is important in our strategic agenda. And the way that I think about it is we are a large player in snacks by being number one in the biggest category within snacks. What we now want to do is expand our portfolio so that we can participate in even more snack occasions and ensure that we have the right portfolio and channel development to maximize those opportunities. So I would say it is important. You will see us both doing snacking innovation and also continuing to evaluate and consider M&A as a lever in that growth agenda as well. Our snacking demand landscape that we completed really helps us to lay out and see the future opportunity, both for confection and for snacks to make sure that we're building our portfolio incrementally.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Baumgartner. Please go ahead.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for the question. Good morning.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Hi, John.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, John.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Michele, just to continue with the snacking discussion, in the first half in North America, there was a 60 basis point differential in your retail takeaway between the total portfolio and then just the CMG business, which grew faster. So can you speak a bit to some of the performances and observations at KRAVE and barkTHINS in terms of just distribution and competition?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure, absolutely. So first of all, we feel great about our core brand CMG performance. As you know, that's really the stable part of our portfolio that is really our profit engine, so feel great about that. As I look at the remainder of our portfolio, I'd say that we saw some pressure in two areas. First of all, baking chips and syrups were softer than anticipated, in line with, I think, what we're seeing in center of the store categories. And then, as we go and look at our portfolio of smaller emerging brands, I would say it's a little bit of a mixed bag. We're really pleased with how barkTHINS is doing. And as we look at some of the rest of the pieces of the portfolio, we've learned a lot since we made the Brookside and KRAVE acquisitions and we're trying to leverage that learning along the way. So we've had to right-size distribution on some of those brands where we think we overextended both the distribution and perhaps the portfolio a bit. So we're really self-correcting on that. And we're applying learnings to make us even more stronger in the marketplace. I would view this piece of the portfolio as one that we expect growth from, but I think it's going to be a little bit lumpier and inconsistent as we leverage big learnings and expand along the way. As part of that snacks portfolio, I would add we feel really good about Snack Mix and those products that we've put in the marketplace, as they've demonstrated a lot of stability and pretty strong growth.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Michele.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Driscoll. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Hi, David.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I had probably just two questions that I wanted to ask. A follow-up here on the sales, so in the most recent Nielsen data, the last two quad weeks, either a month ago, it was up 0.6% and the most recent data, up 2.2%. So it actually looked like things were getting better. So maybe I'm a little surprised that you're thinking net sales will be flat in the back half. And then maybe when you just talk about that a little bit, the strength in this recent Nielsen data and why it does suggest that things flatten out. Can you quantify the impact of the inventory build? And then to Patricia, can you talk about the margins a little bit? I think operating margin's up 210 basis points in the first half. And I think the implied margin would be down 100 basis points to kind of reconcile with where your guidance is. That feels pretty negative, given your comments on Margin for Growth and the very flat commodity environment that we're seeing. Maybe a little bit more discussion on that would be helpful to understand the impacts.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, David. And I appreciate the question and your perspective on that. If we look at the 12-week period ended July 15, it's a little more flattish. So while I'm really encouraged by the past several weeks, if I look at the two quad periods earlier, the marketplace was much softer. So I think what we're seeing this year is a lot of volatility. It's difficult to predict the market. And I certainly am optimistic that those recent trends continue, but I would say that they do include the July 4th holiday period. And I think we've seen a bit more stability during some of those periods, where there is an anchor season where somebody's coming into the store to make their purchase, but really I'd say it's about volatility. First part of the year, we saw some months that were up, we saw some down. And we're trying to do our best to project what we think that will look like as we go into the second part of the year.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: And this is Patricia, David. You asked about the retail inventory. And, yes, that was a factor in our second quarter. So we really wanted to have a lot of transparency around that. We did some pipeline build against new packaging. And we accommodated some of our retail customers who had some changes in their own distribution network. And it was very important to us to meet their service needs so that they could get product on the shelf in a good execution way. And so when you look at our takeaway, you can see that we need to normalize that retail build over the second half of the year. And so we still believe that retail takeaway will improve in the second half, but from a net sales perspective, we know that we've got to work through that inventory. In terms of the gross profit that you commented on, that sales pattern also shows up in the gross profit. So to the extent that we had higher sales in the first half of the year, that had better fixed cost absorption and that will come out again in second half of the year as those sales normalize through. The other thing that we had in gross profit is as we have reduced our overall full-year sales guidance, obviously, that has a mix impact when you look at the mix of products that we think are most hit by the weaker retail trend. And then finally, we do have some changes in packaging coming, both on the shelf and as we work with our retail partners for packaging that works in their format. And that's also a bit of a headwind for us in our gross margin in the second half of the year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And, Patricia, just to follow-up, is there any way that you could quantify that retail inventory build, just because it sounds like we should take it out of the third quarter, but I don't think I heard you say the magnitude of it?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: We didn't put the dollar amount out there, but what I'd say, David, is what we want to do every year is make sure that our net sales and our retail takeaway are in line together. So if you look at our overall sales, assume that that's our retail takeaway, and I think you can pretty easily normalize out that inventory build.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: By the end of the year, we would say they'd be aligned.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Feeney. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you so much. So I guess following up on Dave's questions, I want to make sure I have these numbers right. I think you told us year-to-date U.S. retail CMG takeaway was 1.4%. And I think that maps to the 4% number you gave us for the second quarter in the release. Correct me if I'm wrong about that. So, a couple of questions here; first, am I right that means Q1 was down 1.2% on net retail takeaway or something like that? I know there is seasonality between Q1 and Q2. And secondly, Patricia mentioned Q2 takeaway was disappointing. Can you give us a sense what you had been expecting for Q2 takeaway? And then related to that, like what kind of takeaway would you expect? Is this just continued 1.4%-ish takeaway in the second half for the U.S., are you expecting with this flat sales guidance? Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. So let me start with the first part of your question, which is total Hershey takeaway was up 1.4%. Hershey CMG takeaway year-to-date was up 2.0%.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So our CMG performance outpaced the total. And that was really as a result of...
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: The grocery stock.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: The grocery stock primarily that was a bit of a drag on the total number. And then as we look at the takeaway on a full-year basis, as Patricia said, we're looking for by end of year, net sales and takeaway to be relatively in line with each other. And we're anticipating net sales to be around that 1% range. So that can help to give you a guide of the range of where we think that takeaway may come in.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. And, Jon, it's typically pretty much, well, they're relatively the same every year. So if you go back to our April guidance, around 2% would've meant around 2% retail takeaway as well.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: That's helpful. I guess I'm just trying to understand where the disappointment came in and its order of magnitude on takeaway.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. And I'd say a lot of that was around everyday post-Easter was a bit softer than we anticipated.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Gotcha. Thank you very much.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Okay.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Goldman. Please go ahead.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Question, Patricia, your guidance remains, I think, for input costs to still just not be a headwind for the year, but they were a tailwind in 2Q. And it's obviously impossible to know from our end, but at least from our basic math, it doesn't seem like that tailwind gets any less strong in the back half of the year. So I'm just curious. Is there anything we should be aware of that might be more of a headwind in the back half of the year or do you expect similar trends to maybe what you saw in 2Q in terms of just that input cost tailwind?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. They were a little bit better in the second quarter. And we expect that to flow through to the full year, but not get better. It's really the drivers that I mentioned earlier around because of the change in sales between the first half and the second half, you've got some fixed cost volume absorption. You've got that mix impact I mentioned. And some increased costs coming through on the packaging. And that's really what's, you know, when you look at that against where we came in in the second quarter, that's where some of that comes out.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for that. And then a follow-up, Cookie Layer Crunch, you talked, I think, last quarter, about the real question – and I think this is true for all new products, right, is where repeat purchases are going to be. Can you help us understand where they have come in versus your expectation? And the reason I'm asking is, at least in Nielsen data, which I know is not always precise when it comes to new products, but what we're seeing is the max ACV, the weighted average ACV, they both peaked a few months ago and have trailed off a little bit since. So I just wanted to get a better sense from you guys what you're really seeing with that brand and how happy you still are with it.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So we're very pleased with Cookie Layer Crunch performance. Trial and repeat are exactly in line with our expectations. And so we feel great about that, especially in a world and a marketplace where there are a lot of other big innovations in the category this year as well. So we particularly feel well that we hit those goals despite that. So we continue to be bullish on the initiative, as well as on some of the other innovation like Crunchers and some of the recent innovation that is out there.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Palmer. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. First, a follow-up on the acquisition comment you made, I think it was Jason's question. Are you looking across all snacking as fair game? I ask because, at times, Hershey has ventured into other aisles and has done perhaps a little less well. And you seem to be signaling a little bit of a closer-in approach with that term snackfection, where, seemingly, you're trying to leverage a little bit more of the core with what you extend into. Any comment there would be helpful. And I have a follow-up.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. So we really are looking across the snacking landscape. We have identified a couple key areas that we have the most interest in that, for competitive reasons, I won't go into the details on. I will say when we think about that, that we do think about how we can get scale wherever we're going to make an acquisition, either by buying something that's large enough to give us scale or by either looking at a section of the store we can get scale, or a category segment where we can get scale to ensure that we get the benefits of having a profitable business and the organization's focused in one spot. So I'd say we're looking across, but we have distinct areas of focus within.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just to follow-up also on your comments in the prepared remarks, you seem to be calling out a need for at least a subtle repositioning or a revived focus on the core in some way. You said something about insights work you're doing and stay tuned. Is that a comment about everyday non-seasonal chocolate? And maybe you can give us a hint as to what sort of general opportunity exists for improvement and the timing of any tactical changes you can make there. Thanks.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. I mean, what the snacking demand landscape really gives us is an even deeper view of where each of our brands plays and where there is opportunity to sharpen our positioning to capture new usage occasions or to be more relevant to new users and also to take our portfolio and appropriately spread it to cover the landscape to minimize any overlap. And so what you'll see on some of our brands – we recently started investing in Twizzlers and PayDay. And we're leveraging some of the landscape insight in the messaging and in the media strategy. And we're actually seeing some really nice results. And across many of our brands, we're seeing some of that sharpening focus. So, I'd say in terms of timing of when you would see that, I think you would start to see it like on the Twizzlers and the PayDay, for example, right now. I think on some of the bigger brands, we should see some benefit from that, I'm going to say, mid to perhaps late into next year, maybe around mid-year next year perhaps. Is that helpful?
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Moskow. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thank you. Michele, I think I thought I heard a bit of a change of tone today regarding the sense of urgency to get bigger in e-commerce. You mentioned click-and-collect and also with pure-play e-commerce providers. And I think what I hear from investors about their biggest concern on Hershey and other confection companies, is that just the number of cash registers, the number of opportunities for impulse purchases are now structurally declining. So have you decided internally to kind of shift more of your resources towards that e-commerce effort? And is that part of what you're kind of signaling today? And maybe give me a little bit about what they're thinking about doing to duplicate that impulse occasion online?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. So I would start with the fact we're encouraged that as we look at our business this year, we had pretty strong performance across impulse and our take-home business. So despite that accelerated shift in e-comm, we've still been able with our retail sales force and the power we have in store, to capture and grow that piece of the portfolio. And innovations played a key role in that as well. That said, I think it is fair to say that we are dialing up. We've been focused on e-commerce, but we are doubling-down a bit more than we had in the past with the dedicated team, our reinvestment of additional resources and really partnering closely with our customers. One of the biggest changes I've seen in the marketplace is a lot of our bricks-and-mortar partners are now really dialing up their efforts on omni-channel, both click-and-collect and multiple forms of home delivery. And then, of course, there are the pure-plays out there. So I guess I think about that business in two ways. One, I think that we have an opportunity to say how do we capture the planned nature of how consumers purchase in that channel and dial that up and really capture that on our business. And at the same time, several of our retail partners have come to us and asked us to partner with them in terms of figuring out how to optimize impulse in an e-commerce world. I can't tell you I have the answer to that right now, but I can tell you I think we are in a good position to really be partnering with our retailers on that.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Strycula. Please go ahead.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Steve.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Two questions; the first would be on gross margins, just to follow-up on Ken's questions. Can you help us unpack a little bit of some of the tailwinds or headwinds in the back half of the year? It just seems like the full-year guidance is conservative where you're tracking year-to-date. Can you talk about the mix comments you were discussing, whether that's channel mix are more product mix and elaborate a little bit more on the packaging investments that you're making? That'd be helpful.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I think it helps to just stand back and say that whenever we're going to reduce our overall net sales outlook, it's going to have an impact on our gross margin, both because we're going to have fewer products to absorb our fixed costs and also because as sales come out, those are typically are very high margin, best mix product. And that's just a natural impact. So first of all, that's the pressure down. In addition to that, this year, especially in the second half of the year, we are making changes to some of our packaging, both as the way that the consumer will see it, and also the way the retailer will handle it in store. And that has some cost as well. So those are the headwinds that we have on a full-year basis. You do see this sort of first half, second half dynamic, driven by the change in sales profile between the two halves of the year. I think the fact that in that lower sales world, we were able to hold our gross margin – overall margin's actually a positive story. It shows that we do have slightly lower input costs and also that our productivity is very strong in that area.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: That's really helpful. And then two quick modeling housekeeping questions, the $60 million other income that you were speaking about, that I think was ratcheted up about $5 million for this year, is it fair to model that $60 million going forward or is it just kind of that one-time extra $5 million is a bump this year versus forward years?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Great question. We want to have a sustainable tax rate. So we look each year at investment tax credit opportunities. I think that that's as good a forecast as I would have right now for next year is, again, because we're looking at a sustainable tax rate.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. And given the mechanics of what you said for the third quarter gross margin, the volume deleverage because of the timing of the shift, does that mean that EPS on a year-over-year basis is more pressured in third quarter versus fourth quarter or are they pretty comparable on a year-over-year basis? Thank you.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: They'll come in the way they do, depending on the pattern of our sales. And we're really not giving that level of quarterly guidance. I'd just think about it right now as a second half impact.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Growe. Please go ahead. Your line's open.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Chris.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. I just had a question for you, if I could, on when I look at the stronger gross margin performance and the lower SM&A in this quarter, it's not clear to me that you are investing. You've talked about investments in go-to-market capabilities. Is that inherent in these stronger performances? And then, I'm just trying to understand going forward then, is that also part of the pressure, if you will, on the second half performance of the business?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yes. I think that's a great question. Thanks for the question. We talked about the amount of savings that we wanted to deliver through our Margin for Growth Program. That's coming in a little higher than we expected. And that's given us the opportunity to both maintain our bottom line as well as incrementally invest in the second half of the year on a couple of things: first, against advertising and related marketing spend that Michele talked about; second, about the capabilities that we talked about in the first part of the remarks. So when Michele's talking about things like unlocking the demand landscape, using analytics against our consumer or growing our e-commerce capabilities, those are investments that we're making. So we are ramping up those capabilities in the second half of the year. And then finally, as Michele mentioned, we do have a new ERP system going in. And that spending is also starting to really ramp up in our SG&A in the second half of the year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And thanks for that color. And just a quick question for you on China, it's becoming a smaller and smaller part of the business. Much of this quarter looks like it was self-inflicted. Is that sort of decline rate going to continue? Are you rationalizing SKUs to a point that we've got to lap this, if you will, over the next year?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I think that's a good way to think about it. As you know, we've put a real focus on rightsizing and rationalizing our China business. It's one of the first pieces of the Margin for Growth area that we focused on and where we'll see some of the early wins. We are seeing those wins. And inherent in that is a lot of moving parts, including looking at the SKUs and making sure that we're going to market with productive and profitable SKUs. It means rationalizing where we participate in the markets in terms of channel mix as well as geography. And so all of that is having a planned impact on our overall sales and we knew that would happen, but it's resulting in a more healthy business and that was our goal. And we're very pleased with that.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, okay. Thanks a lot.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take that question from Matthew Grainger. Please go ahead. Your line's open.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, everybody. If I could just ask two quick follow-ups; first, I just wanted to ask about the seasonal outlook for the second half of the year. You had extremely strong share trends in the first half during Easter season. So just curious how the discussions with retailers around second half holidays have been progressing, their level of excitement around the CMG category, specifically, and whether you expect similar or still sort of clearly positive share trends during the upcoming holidays. And then the second one, all the reinvestments you've talked about, the impact on second half margins, could you talk a little bit more about why you expect a pullback in International margins? And which investments are specifically focused in that segment?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Matthew, we feel good about the seasonal outlook in the back half of the year. We anticipate that we will grow business, our business, in both of those holidays. And as you know, we have very good visibility into what our retailers are purchasing in those holidays. Right now, I would say we are feeling good that we should gain share during the holidays in the back half of the year. And I'll turn it over to Patricia to answer the second part of your question.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. So great question and I think you made a good point, which is year-to-date, we are slightly positive in our International and Other segment. So when I say around breakeven, it would sort of encompass that. We do recognize that with a lot of moving parts going on in China, in particular, there are a certain amount of things that we want to protect against in that world. And so that's a little bit of my maybe conservatism on that piece of the business. We also mentioned some of the trends we think will be a little pressured in Brazil in the second half of the year as well. When you're this close to breakeven, we're talking about plus or minus pretty small numbers.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Thank you very much for your time today. And the IR Group will be available for any follow-up questions you may have throughout the day.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And this will conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co. Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co. Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call. My name is Leo, and I will be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. This call is scheduled to end at about 9:30 AM, so please limit yourself to one question so we can get to as many of you as possible. Please note this call may be recorded. Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Leo. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's first quarter 2017 conference call. Michele Buck, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO will provide you with an overview of results which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2016 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income, prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as a key metric for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss first quarter 2017 results excluding net pre-tax charges of $216.6 million, or $0.71 per share diluted, which are primarily related to business realignment cost and long-lived asset impairment charges. These charges are defined in the appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Michele Buck.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to all of you on the phone and webcast. Hershey's first quarter results were solid and I'm pleased with our performance. Net sales growth was 2.8%, delivering our fourth consecutive quarter of at least 2% sales growth, which we're happy with, given the choppy food industry retail trends in the U.S. and the macroeconomic challenges in some international markets. Gross margin was up nicely in Q1 and is expected to increase for the full year, fueling higher levels of advertising and other brand building initiatives. Adjusted EPS was $1.31, a strong start to the year and puts us in a position to deliver on our commitments. The Margin for Growth Program we discussed on March 1st is on track. This will not be a big benefit to our 2017 results. However, this multiyear program should enable us to achieve strong margin and EPS growth in 2018 and 2019 and provide us with the fuel to deliver consistent annual net sales and EPS growth post implementation. Preliminary analysis of Easter data indicates that we had a good season with sell-through in line with estimates, putting us in a position to gain share in this important season. We believe this will result in total Hershey U.S. candy, mint and gum, or CMG, April year-to-date retail takeaway of about 2.5%. While we don't like getting ahead of ourselves before results are final, given the timing of Easter, we thought this was an important metric to share. Hershey U.S. retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending April 8, 2017, in the xAOC+C-store channels declined 7.9%. As we stated on last quarter's conference call, first quarter net sales would be greater than retail takeaway due to Easter timing. Recall that Easter occurred on April 16th in 2017 compared to March 27th in 2016. Perhaps the easiest way to assess performance given seasonal timing, and therefore, noise in the data, is by looking at absolute market share results. In the first quarter, we gained market share, both with and without the Easter seasonal activity. In total, including the headwind from the year-ago seasonal activity, Hershey U.S. CMG market share increased plus 0.4 points. Our core power brands, Reese's, Hershey's, Kit Kat, Kisses and Ice Breakers, which had 2016 retail sales of $5 billion, continue to perform well. In the first quarter, combined non-seasonal retail takeaway on these brands increased 5.6%. Our Reese's NCAA basketball program and the launch of Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch, or CLC, helped drive results. While we're pleased with our first quarter market share gains, non-seasonal CMG retail takeaway was softer than we anticipated, resulting in Q1 net sales coming in less than our plan. As you are all aware, Q1 marketplace performance across most of the U.S. food group was soft. While the perimeter continues to grow faster than center of the store, its growth rate also slowed. Our analysis points to several factors contributing to the softness. Some of them appeared to be Q1-specific, such as the tax refund delay while others are a continuation of the challenges like benefits inflation or channel shifting that we've been living with and we continue to solve for. Additionally, retail trips within xAOC+C-store channels was about the same as the year-ago period, although dollars per trip were down. Dollars per trip were better in March. And as I mentioned earlier, preliminary Easter sell-through is in line with our estimates. We have a lot of variety, innovation and in-store programming over the remainder of the year as well as higher levels of advertising. We think categories within the snack wheel will outpace center of the store products given the impulsivity and percentage of merchandising and display allocated to snacks. As a result, we expect Hershey non-seasonal U.S. CMG marketplace trends to improve. However, given the uncertainty regarding overall U.S. brick-and-mortar retail trends, our updated full year U.S. net sales growth rate is lower than our previous forecast. Looking at some of our 2017 activity, it starts with Hershey's CLC, which has gotten off to a good start. In the first quarter, CLC net sales and marketplace results were in line with our estimates. Internally, we refer to CLC as a vertical launch, as our goal was to attain 80% distribution by early February. We achieved this in eight weeks and had product available in all major channels to coincide with the beginning of TV and digital advertising. The take-home stand-up pouch is doing very well followed by the king-size pack-type. Sales by class of trade are tracking as expected. C-store results are particularly strong with retail sales two times that of any other channel. While early, repeat purchases are tracking nicely. Although retail sales trends did slow in April given the Easter period as there's not a seasonal pack-type or packaging for this product yet. With the launch of Reese's and Hershey's Cookies 'n' Crème Crunchers, we are looking to expand our power brands to capture broader snacking occasions. Our research continues to show that snacking occasions have increased throughout the day. The modern snacking model indicates 90% of consumers snack multiple times throughout the day. We expect that Crunchers will capture a portion of these snacking occasions as it combines powerful growing brands with sweet and crunchy textures to deliver a light, crisp eating experience. The take-home stand-up bag is currently available at a few select retailers, and the instant consumable tubes will be available by the end of June. We have a strong integrated Crunchers marketing plan to build awareness and trial, including a national FSI in Q3, in-store merchandising and display, as well as advertising. I'm also excited about the late Q2 launch of Reese's Crunchy Cookie Cup. The excitement of this launch started in February when the Reese's brand team started using social media to engage consumer with clues to a new chocolaty Cupspiracy. The team posted various graphics and videos to hype the followers; and in March, announced the upcoming launch of the Reese's Crunchy Cookie Cup, a peanut butter cup infused with crunchy pieces from a chocolate cookie. This product, only available in an instant consumable pack-type, begins to ship in Q2. And I think you'll find that the crunchy cookie bits are a complementary texture with the peanut butter that makes it a very satisfying experience. Additionally, our Reese's Snack Mix and Hershey's Snack Bites products continue to do well, and we're leveraging some other equities as well such as ALMOND JOY and TAKE5. These items have enabled us to expand our breadth across the snack wheel and capture new usage occasions. That was just a brief summary of some of the activity we have in North America that we believe will grow our business over the remainder of the year. We feel that our brand support, innovation, consumer spending and investment and go-to-market capabilities will enable us to deliver our full year net sales objective. Snacks, which confectionery is a large part of, is performing better than many of the center of store categories, and we expect that to be the case going forward. Investments in the CMG category in the form of advertising and innovation are present from most major manufacturers. Therefore, given the high household penetration and the impulsive nature of the category, as well as affordable price points and solid margins, retailers continue to value the confectionery category. As a result, we would expect the category to continue to secure key merchandising and programming space. Now, for an update on our International and Other segment. Net sales were essentially in line with our plan and on a constant currency basis up 4.2% versus the first quarter of 2016. I was particularly pleased with Mexico, Brazil, and India, where constant currency first quarter net sales increased a combined 15%. In Mexico, our chocolate retail takeaway increased solid double digits, although slightly less than the category growth of about 15%. Constant currency net sales increased 13%, driven by a combination of volume and pricing. Sales were strong across all categories and brands, particularly Kisses and Hershey's chocolates, Hershey's milk drink box, and Pelon Pelo Rico. Our new Hershey's CHOCOYOGO and Hershey's milk sticks are resonating with consumers and gaining traction. In Brazil, while preliminary, we estimate that the chocolate category increased 7% to 8%. Our retail takeaway in Brazil was about two-and-a-half times the category growth rate, fueled by distribution gains on core brands and the continued rollout of the Hershey's Special Milk and Hershey's Special Dark Bars, which were launched in the second half of 2016. As a result, in Q1, our market share in Brazil increased 0.6 points to about 4.5%. Constant currency net sales in India increased about 16%. Growth in the brands we're investing behind Hershey's branded syrup, spreads, and milk booster as well as Brookside, JOLLY RANCHER and SOFIT increased more than 50%. The launch of Brookside, primarily in the modern trade, is progressing and on plan. While small, this launch gives us exposure to a segment with above-average gross margin for the India business. Importantly, the transition of the portfolio is enabling a higher-margin business, which should put us in a position to invest and win in the marketplace with a sustainable operating model. As we end the second quarter in China, we'll begin to implement the Margin for Growth Program we discussed earlier this year. The program includes an initiative to optimize the manufacturing operations supporting our China business. Patricia will discuss and review the impact of our impairment test of China's long-lived assets. But the overall goal of this program is clear and will focus on improving global efficiency and effectiveness, optimizing the company's supply chain and streamlining the operating model. China chocolate category sales in Q1 were about flat versus a year ago, and better than our estimate. This was similar to trends of other impulse products, which declined. Given the typical inventory levels we had post-Chinese New Year and the soft category in March, the temporary plant closure of about three weeks to four weeks due to an unscheduled inspection by regulators did not have a big impact on our business. Our chocolate business in China underperformed the market in the first quarter, with market share off one point. As we right-size our business and portfolio over the next year or two, we're looking to prioritize cities, classes of trade, brands, and innovation to satisfy the needs of this dynamic market. We're working closely with our local team, including our e-commerce group, which continues to show promise. Now to wrap up, I'm excited about our future, and I believe The Hershey Company has a long runway ahead of it. I'm supported by a great team of leaders, who have a lot of broad-based CPG experience. As we've shared with you on March 1st, we know what we need to do to succeed. We are executing on our model to expand margins by reallocating resources to initiatives with a higher rate of return. We're investing in capabilities like go-to-market and building on our intellectual capital while also leveraging our core power brands and equipping our organization with the resources and tools to win in the marketplace. These investments in growth and capabilities should put us in an advantage position to win with retailers and consumers, and ultimately, deliver on our financial commitments on our strategy of balanced top and bottom line growth and build shareholder value. I'll now turn it over to Patricia, who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Michele. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. First quarter net sales of $1.88 billion increased 2.8% versus last year. Adjusted earnings per share diluted came in at $1.31, an increase of about 19% versus last year, driven by solid gross profit margin growth as well as the timing of some SG&A investments that are expected to flow through over the remainder of the year. Excluding favorable foreign currency translation of 10 basis points, net sales increased 2.7% versus the year ago period. Net price realization was a two point benefit due to lower levels of trade. Net volume increased 70 basis points, including the contribution from the barkTHINS acquisition of 90 basis points. By segment, North America net sales increased 2.7% versus the same period last year. Volume was a 30 basis point contribution to sales growth, driven by seasonal growth; and as anticipated, net price realization was a 1.2 point benefit due to lower direct trade. The barkTHINS acquisition and foreign exchange currency rates were a 1 point and 20 basis points benefit, respectively. We were pleased with seasonal results, the initial rollout and off-take of Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch, and Reese's NCAA basketball programming. However, similar to trends experienced by the broader U.S. food group, other portions of our everyday or non-seasonal business were softer than the anticipated. Importantly, in the first quarter, retail trips within xAOC+C-store channels were about the same as the year-ago period. Our preliminary Easter sell-through is in line with expectations, and we expect non-seasonal U.S. CMG trends to improve over the remainder of the year, although the growth rate is slightly lower than our previous forecast. Over the remainder of the year, we feel good about the level of innovation, brand investment and in-store merchandising and display to deliver on our forecast. Total International and Other segment net sales for the first quarter increased 3.7% versus last year. Excluding the 50 basis point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange, International and Other segment net sales increased 4.2% versus the year-ago period. Price realization was an 8.7 point benefit, primarily driven by lower trade in China. Turning to margins: Adjusted gross margin increased 70 basis points in the first quarter, driven primarily by favorable trade, lower input costs, and supply chain productivity, and cost savings initiatives were essentially offset by unfavorable manufacturing experiences, initial year absorption of overhead related to the Malaysian manufacturing facility and higher freight and warehousing. For the full year, we expect adjusted gross margins to increase about 50 basis points. This is somewhat greater than our previous estimate of 15 basis point to 25 basis point increase. The full year gross margin is driven by productivity and cost savings initiatives as well as improved input costs. Adjusted operating profit in the first quarter increased 10.5% versus the year-ago period, resulting in operating profit margin of 23.2%, an increase of 170 basis points. The increase was driven by the higher gross profit and by lower SG&A. Investments in technology and go-to-market capabilities as well as higher depreciation and amortization were more than offset by cost savings and efficiency initiatives. Total advertising and related consumer marketing expense was about the same as the first quarter of 2016. We continue to expect that advertising and related consumer marketing expense will be higher in Q2 and for the full year. Now let me provide a brief update on our International and Other segment. I'm pleased that our total international business delivered on their Q1 plans. As Michele stated, in China, we're beginning to implement the Margin for Growth Program we discussed earlier this year. The program includes an initiative to optimize the manufacturing operations supporting our China business. We deemed this to be a triggering event requiring us to assess whether the value of our China long-lived asset group is recovered by its related cash flows. As a result of this testing and our revised estimate of fair value for the asset group, we recognized impairment charges, totaling $106 million to write-down certain intangible assets that have been recognized in connection with the 2014 Golden Monkey acquisition. And we wrote down property plant and equipment by $102.7 million. During the first quarter, we also recognized estimated employee severance and related charges relating largely to our initiative to improve the cost structure of our China business, as well as our initiative to further streamline our operating model. China chocolate category performance in Q1 was relatively in line with our forecast. We remain optimistic about the long-term outlook in China. However, consumer spending still appears to be mixed in the modern trade and impulse categories underperformed. Therefore, our full year sales outlook in China is slightly lower than our previous estimate. We expect China net sales in 2017 to decline single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Because direct trade, returns, discounts and allowances should be lower than last year, gross sales will be down by a greater amount. However, given the choppiness in the China market over the last 22 years, this outlook could change if there's a pullback in the market. We're executing against our plans in Mexico, Brazil, and India where constant currency net sales in these three countries increased a combined 15%. First quarter International and Other segment operating income of $1.7 million improved nicely, and I'm pleased with the progression. As we stated on March 1st, we are driving a strong profit-focused mentality in this segment and expect the bottom line trends to improve meaningfully in 2017. However, the exact timing and implementation of the Margin for Growth initiative impacts when we get fully back into the black. More on this as the year progresses. Moving down the P&L. First quarter interest expense of $23.7 million increased $2.7 million versus last year. For the full year, we continue to expect interest expense to be in the $95 million to $100 million range. The adjusted tax rate declined in the first quarter to 31.5%. The lower tax rate versus the first quarter of 2016 was driven primarily by a favorable rate differential related to international operations. For the full year, the company anticipates its effective tax rate to be between 27.5% and 28%. This is about 100 basis points lower than our previous outlook as we continue to look at various tax strategies and to secure higher income tax credits. As such, in 2017, other income and expense is expected to be around $55 million. For the first quarter of 2017, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 214.5 million shares, down 3 million versus last year, resulting in adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.31 or an increase of about 19% versus a year ago. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow: At the end of the first quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year – last year's first quarter by $14 million. Accounts receivable were higher by $52 million due to higher Easter sales. Inventory was higher by $25 million and accounts payable increased by $63 million. Total capital additions, including software, were $33 million in the first quarter. For the full year, we estimate that CapEx will be in the $270 million to $290 million range. During the first quarter, adjusted depreciation and amortization was $65 million, and we paid $128 million in dividends. The company did not repurchase any common shares against the $500 million share repurchase authorization approved in January 2016. There is $100 million remaining on this authorization. Additionally, we did not repurchase any shares in connection with the issuance of stock options. Now to summarize. The Margin for Growth Program is on track and progressing. We continue to forecast strong productivity and cost savings initiatives in 2017, and don't expect input cost inflation. Over the remainder of the year, we're focused on driving our North America core brands forward and achieving trial and repeat targets related to new product launches such as Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch, Reese's and Hershey's Crunchers and Reese's Crunchy Cookie Cup. We expect non-seasonal U.S. CMG trends to improve although the growth rate is slightly lower than our previous forecast. As a result, for the full year 2017, we estimate full year net sales growth around the low end of the 2% to 3% range, including a net benefit from acquisitions of about 0.5 points. We expect the impact of foreign currency exchange rates to be minimal versus our previous estimate of a 25 basis point headwind. As I stated earlier, we expect adjusted gross margin expansion to be greater than our previous estimate. Additionally, our brands typically respond positively to marketplace investment, and we expect that advertising and related consumer marketing expense as well as SG&A will increase for the full year 2017 versus 2016. Combined with the lower tax rate, we expect 2017 adjusted earnings per share diluted to be towards the high end of the 7% to 9% range. Before we open it up to Q&A, just a couple of thoughts on the second quarter. Given the timing of Easter and the expected lower sales in China, second quarter net sales growth is expected to be lower than the full year growth rate. In Q2, we're targeting investment tax credit expense that flows through the other income and expense line to be about $10 million. And that should result in a second quarter tax rate of about 26%. Additionally, Q2 advertising and related consumer marketing is expected to increase mid to high single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Therefore, we expect the Q2 increase in EPS to be lower than the full year EPS growth rate. Thank you for your time this morning, and we'll now take any questions you may have.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thank you, everyone. Question – two for me. First, you've reduced your sales guidance, raised your gross margin guidance. Thank you, I appreciate some of the color you gave on the call today about that. I'm just curious maybe if you could help us bucket how much of that change in terms of the increase in the gross margin or maybe I guess the decrease in the COGS is due to cost savings versus maybe some commodity costs like dairy coming in maybe a bit more favorably than what you were looking for.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Patricia, do you want to handle that one?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. The overall year-over-year increase is primarily driven by the efficiency and cost savings initiatives that our supply chain is delivering for us in COGS. The change between what we gave guidance to you on a few weeks ago, the biggest driver of that is the lower expectations around input cost inflation.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Follow-up for me would be, last week, and I know they've talked about this before, but CVS has been discussing a little more aggressively moving some candy away from their checkouts. I appreciate Hershey's, there are some offsets there in terms of what Hershey can add to the front of store and so forth. And I'm just curious a little bit how you're looking at the risk of other customers may be following CVS' footsteps, or maybe you're thinking this is more of a one-off situation. Just trying to get some of your thoughts on what's happening there.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Absolutely. So as you know, we work closely with all of our retail customer partners. And I think we mentioned last July that we were partnering with CVS on some of the work that they were doing around evolving their store layouts. And we partner with all of our retailers along those lines. And March 1st, we mentioned a different customer we're also working with those efforts on. I guess how I would tell you to think about it is, we service a broad range of retail customers. They all have very different strategies. And as some of our customer partners are making certain decisions on portfolio regarding store layout or front end, we have other of our customer partners who are actually looking to add incremental space behind confection, who are looking to take some other non-durable goods off the front end and put increased consumables and edibles; either overall at the front of store or as they have built their self checkouts and they hadn't yet built impulse around those. So we feel good about the growth we're seeing in the marketplace in indulgent categories. And if you look at the growth in categories, in indulgence and better-for-you, we're seeing growth across both and we have several customers who are really looking to leverage that growth.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll move next to David Driscoll of Citi. Your line is open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you so much. Good morning.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I wanted to ask about the revenue guidance. If the April year-to-date is expected to be at 2.5%, then maybe I'm just curious why guide to the low end of the 2% to 3%. Why guide to the 2% number? Said differently, if the full year average is 2%, doesn't that mean like the second half of the year would need to be something like 1.5% in order to kind of weight it out? And basically, this just comes down to why do you expect this to be a slowdown from this 2.5% rate of growth that you talked about year-to-date through April? Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, David. No, I would say two things. First of all, if you think about year-to-date, a large part of the acceleration of growth was driven by Easter. So, Easter is a big piece of what you see year-to-date. At the same time, we really look at the impact of the slowdown that we saw in the total box in Q1. And we saw that have an impact on everyday. So as we look at the balance of the year, we are looking for our everyday business to accelerate. And we believe that that takes to make for the back half of the year is very achievable. We'll be looking at ensuring we have adequate investments. So we'll actually have some higher levels of spending in the back part of the year to drive that acceleration in the form of advertising. And we feel good about that. But a lot of it is that Easter, the big boost in Easter and we really are looking and calling for an acceleration of everyday as we go into the back part of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe of Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. I just have two quick ones. One is just a follow-up to David's question. When you look at the 2.5% year-to-date sales growth through April, could you disaggregate that between like seasonal growth and non-seasonal growth, kind of, how is it going year-to-date? If you did that already, I'm sorry I missed that.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. If you – without getting in too many specifics, if you think about that year-to-date performance, you would see seasonal items grew about double digits. So think about that in that double-digit range. And if you look at our non-seasonal core power brands, kind of the biggest five brands, they were up mid-single digits. So, obviously, there was a little bit of softness across some of the non-core piece of our portfolio. But really double-digit growth on seasonal is what's a big component of 2.5%.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just to...
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: This was all planned to be the driver of Q1 no matter how the box started the year. I think looking out over the remaining parts of the year and where the in-store merchandising and programming from S'mores to the innovation, that all comes the remainder of the way. So I think we feel pretty good about that.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And just a quick follow-up then on the level as SM&A that's down in the quarter. So when I see advertising flat, trade promotion down and then SM&A overall down. I guess what you're telling me is that in Q2 it's going to start to pick up. So as I think about this being more of a reinvestment year, it sounds like that really starts in earnest in the second quarter. Is that the right way to look at that? So SM&A probably will be up as a percentage of sales?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yes, that's right. So in the first quarter, trade was down as we lapped some incremental trade merchandising that we had shared with you last year. We made some big investments in incremental trade. And as we have constantly worked to optimize our blend across trade and advertising, we made some different decisions this year. And yes, our advertising expense was closer to flat in Q1. And as we go out to the balance of the year, we'll see increases.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for the time.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alexia Howard of Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Two really short ones on the input costs side of things. Are you already starting to see some deflation on the cocoa side within that or is it other ingredients that you're seeing release on? And then on price realization in the U. S., you've obviously got good price realization this quarter with the cutback in promotional spending. Do you anticipate that, that will continue throughout the year even if competition steps up and maybe given further deflation on the input cost side? Thank you and I'll pass it on.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, Alexia, it's Patricia. Let me talk about the input cost first. So, as you know, we hedge a number of our input costs, our commodity basket out somewhere between 3 months and 24 months. We don't hedge all of them. There a few commodities for which there is not a good market to do that and those obviously flow-through directly in the year. So it's a mix of both of the pieces that you're talking about. And that's what we're seeing come through that allowed us to raise our gross margin guidance.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: And then on the pricing?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: On the price realization, you definitely saw the biggest impact of that in the first quarter. As Michele said, we're lapping some heavier direct trades that we put in, in the U.S. We're also not seeing a repeat of a lot of trade and recurrent discounts and allowances that we had in China last year. So the biggest impact of that price realization is absolutely in the first quarter and we would expect it to moderate over the rest of the year.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Andrew Lazar of Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning everybody.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Just two things. One, with your margin targets that you laid out at the Analyst Day going out to 2019. I know you've given some pieces here and there to help put it together. But if we take it sort of all in and we think about how that margin comes through in either from gross margin versus SG&A. Just trying to get a better sense of holistically whether it's more heavily weighted out to 2019 between one or the other or fairly equal? And then just curious if some of the lower tax rate you've talked about, given some of the reorganizations you're doing. Is that thought to be more sustainable going forward as well?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: I'll go ahead and tackle those. So what we said is that we would expect improvement in our operating margin to be about half COGS and about half SG&A. And we're on track to continue to deliver that. Yes, I would expect that, overall, the tax rate, all things being equal in the tax world to be sustainable going forward.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. Thanks, everyone. I guess just to follow up on some of the snack, sort of the snackfection initiatives that you have had in place for the past few quarters, perhaps if you could just give us an update on the momentum of KRAVE and barkTHINS. And given some of the weakness you saw in non-seasonal and the confectionery part of the portfolio, how immune were takeaway trends in these adjacent categories to the broader weakness that we saw across food industry in Q1?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, we have continued to see some very strong growth on barkTHINS as we are still in the process of driving against expanding distribution and gaining trial amongst consumers on that franchise. So, I would say given the big piece of the growth curve that we're on, on that business; we've continued to see very strong growth there. And I think we mentioned that it was a pretty significant piece of growth for us in Q1. And as I look at KRAVE, we're continuing to feel good about the momentum that we are seeing there. So we've continued to gain share. We feel good about where velocities are. Like any new brand, we're learning in terms of really optimizing how we make sure that we drive that hardest in the right – to the right consumers and into the right channels. So, in some cases, we overextended distribution, and we've right-sized that a bit. But we continued to see very nice growth there.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks Michele.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to try to get a sense of how aggressive the assumptions are for back half growth in North America. A couple of headwinds I thought I saw was, unlike in the first half, where you were shipping ahead of consumption, you're probably going to ship behind consumption in the back half, because you're up against a December launch from the Cookie Layer Crunch item? And then the second element, I guess, I would raise is, it requires every day confectionery to start reaccelerating. And I think it also seems to imply that the non-core piece also gets better, too. Is that correct that all those things kind of have to happen and to what degree? Is it – does your consumption have to improve also? Or can the consumption kind of continue on at 2.5 points in the first half and 2.5 points in the second half. That's a lot of questions, but I hope you can help.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So – yeah. Our consumption and retail takeaway does not have to be at 2.5 points. So we're actually planning for the takes to make there to be less than that, closer to slightly below 2 points.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: More in line with the takes to make.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, exactly. In line with the takes to make on that sales end. And we anticipate that generally, our net sales and our takeaway are directionally pretty in line. So you're right that we had a big benefit in shipments in Q4 behind Cookie Layer Crunch. But as we look out to the back half of the year, across all the quarters, we think that we'll be relatively in line, plus or minus in that 0.5 point range.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Baumgartner of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question. Michele, I'm wondering if you could speak a bit more on the top line algorithm in terms of the net pricing contribution? I think since the start, we've seen Hershey's implement a sizable list price increase every few years. But it seems that now trade promotion is becoming a larger component. And looking at the price points of some of the recent launches, mix is also now a much larger factor as well. So as you think about those levers on pricing, list prices, the mix, the trade support, how is the category or consumer changing, and maybe what are your analysts telling you about managing that balance going forward?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. That's a great question. I mean, obviously, we can't speak directly to pricing or any kind of foreshadowing around the pricing piece. But I would say that we think about all of those as very viable levers and probably even more so today than we did in the past. So I think you're right that price mix is something we aggressively have our teams focused on, which we can drive through, focus on pack-types, focus on channels, build it into the innovation. And I think perhaps that's a lever that we have not used as aggressively in the past. We've spoken to you before about our whole focus on strategic revenue growth management and a lot of that as well is about really maximizing that net price realization by really, really scrutinizing all of the investments we make in trade and getting the value equation right on every pack-type and brand. So, we're putting more focus there than we have in the past.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. And I'd add if you remember on March 1st that we talked about 2018, and we just talked about looking at the most productive SKUs and do we need to have all these different pack-types out there. We said, no. It could be a little bit of a headwind in 2018. We're, actually – there's a little bit in 2017 less than what we had expected from 2018. But to your point, that's how we're thinking about it.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So, maybe just to build on that. In terms of the cognizance around the year-to-date softness in your non-core brands thus far. Is that softness more a function of reduced brand support on your end, or maybe just managing that as expected, or is it more of a change in consumer preferences where these drags are continuing for the non-core part of the portfolio?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Well, I guess I'd say if I think about the first part of the year, I'd look and say Easter drove a lot of sales. And there is some sourcing from Easter across the base portfolio. So, I think it's hard to look just at the everyday business trends because there's interaction there with Easter. Certainly, I feel good about the fact that we have increased consumer investment as we go into the rest of the year, because we know that our category is very responsive. We continue to get very strong lift, and I feel really good that that combined with the very strong innovation that we have this year and customers are very excited about consumers are – are really going to help to drive consumers to the category and really boost the everyday business.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Pablo Zuanic of Susquehanna International Group. Your line is open.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Just two questions. First up, can you comment on your exposure to the border adjustment tax either in terms of what percent of your sales in the U.S. or Mexico, or what percent of COGS come from outside the U.S. and contingency plans that you could have around that, please? And then the second question, are there any plans for J. P. Bilbrey to become a member of the Hershey Trust Board? Thanks.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Hi, Pablo, it's Patricia. I'll answer that. We continue to stay very close in monitoring all the proposals for tax reform out there. In terms of the border adjustment tax, specifically, the vast majority, over 85% of our U.S. product is sourced here in the U.S. We really want to do that to provide the freshest product sourced closest to our consumer. And that's an important part of satisfying our customer and our consumer. As I said, we keep close look at all of our responses that would happen to any kind of tax reform. Frankly, without any details out there, it's hard to know what we would actually do. But we have a lot of contingency plans in the event that something does come out. In terms of your question about J.P., no, we would never comment on the Trust. That's a separate entity from us.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Right. And I just have a very quick follow-up. Regarding last week's announcements about all these adjustments you are making in terms of low-calorie in the various products that you sell. Would you say that these concerns are bigger than they were – with the consumer are bigger than they were one year ago or five years ago, or is it just this part continuing? It's just there seems to be a bigger issue now with the consumer than before. But correct me if I'm wrong. Thanks.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So I would say, Pablo, we continue to see, if you at look category growth of various snack categories across the store that there is strong growth. There's growth in indulgence and there's also growth in health and wellness. So I don't know that I see a greater acceleration. We always start with the consumer in mind. And we are delighted to delight consumers with our indulgent portfolio. At the same time, we've been a leader in choice and transparency, and we always want to provide options to consumers. Now our Hershey's Kiss was one of the first forms of portion control at 25 calories for a Kiss. We led the smart labeling initiative in the industry. So we are just constantly evolving and updating our portfolio to help to meet consumer needs as best possible.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I'm not sure if I caught this or if you said this earlier. So if you have, forgive me. But I guess in terms of just total snacking in North America in the first quarter, appreciate your comments about the CMG category and the non-seasonal maybe being a little softer than you thought. But was total snacking also just sort of softer in 1Q than you expected?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yes, it was. It was consistent with the total box. If you look at every category in the box, the trend was the same across the board. And as we mentioned in the comments, we think that there – I think everybody's been looking to say, okay, what was that factor that really drove that across the board, and common thinking tends to be the tax refund delay had a big impact. There were some lapping issues on a year-to-year basis. And then there's some continued pressures. But we feel good that we still see a rebound in March really. And we are focused on watching that very closely going forward.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. That's what I was just going to follow up on. It seems as we've gone through this reporting cycle, even Pepsi earlier today. It seems like it was better coming out of the quarter. Again just thinking about total snacking not specific categories, but it did seem like it improved coming out of the first quarter. And I guess that's what underlies your sort of confidence that it gets better throughout the rest of the year?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yes. And dollars per trip were actually up in March after having been down.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So yes. We have started to see that rebound and agree with that.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one last one for me. In terms of the Easter holiday sales, was there any notable impact at all from a change in channel mix or sales from e-commerce? Is there anything that you've begun to see there where more of the sales might have shifted to online than previous years?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: No. Nothing that we saw there at all.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steven Strycula of UBS Securities. Your line is open.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, good morning, guys. Two quick questions for you. The first would be on China. If I'm listening to Patricia's comments accurately, I think that the gross sales in China for the year sounds like Hershey – you're forecasting to lose implicit market share in China. If that is the case, can you clarify whether that's to local or multinational brands?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thanks. Yeah, we are anticipating lower gross sales in China. And that would be a combination of competitive activity but also the overall impulse category in China and the way that's being addressed by the modern trade in particular. As Michele has laid out, we have a lot of change going on in our go-to-market model in China, looking at different brands, distribution models, cities, channels. And we expect that that will have some impact in our business in China for the rest of the year.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And a quick follow-up would be for the other expense and income item. What are you expecting that to be for the full year? You said the second quarter should be about $10 million.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: We said around $55 million.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: $55 million.
Steven Strycula - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Got you. All right. thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Palmer of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Just one question on sources of growth in the U.S. It looks like if you look at the data, the chocolate continues to be a key driver for you and you're getting very good contribution and have continued to do this from Reese's and now doing so with line extensions. And you're getting nice smaller contributions from snack, mix is great, barkTHINS and a drag perhaps from non-chocolate candy. Do you see the general growth drivers remaining the same through the year? And what is your outlook to maybe improve the things that aren't working for you and improve upon maybe tough comparisons for Reese's and other? Thanks.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks for the question. Yeah, we continue to feel really good with the programs that we have on the core brands. And so I think in terms of the continuing the growth on something like Reese's, it is continuing the news. And some of our incremental investments in advertising towards the back part of the year will be made against those core brands to continue to leverage the momentum. And then at the same time, we are absolutely focused on turning around and accelerating our growth trajectory on some of the other pieces of portfolio, namely on the non-chocolate sweets area. So we will be increasing our investment there. Although at the same time, we've right-sized those brands a bit. So as Mark mentioned, SKU rationalization, there are some areas where we have extended those brands and we had items in the marketplace that just weren't productive or profitable. And so we made a decision to take the hit on pulling back on some of that. But we do have teams very focused on accelerating the growth there. And I think that's an opportunity for us going forward.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Is your thinking on non-chocolate confectionery that that's simply not as well-positioned as some of your other categories and there's sort of a tip of the hat to the consumer trends in the day?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: No. I don't really think it's not as well-positioned. I would say, I think that we have opportunities to just fix our execution on that piece of the portfolio. There was a little bit more competition from smaller players last year where they went really aggressively on price. Some of the things that we weren't willing to do given our focus on margin. So I really think it's more about what we do versus that there's any kind of consumer trend issue there.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thanks very much. Just a follow-up, kind of, detailed question and another detailed question. Do you ship any Easter at all in Q2, because I know when I go back to the quarter with the exact same calendar split in 2014, it looks like you shipped some Easter in Brazil in Q2, and that was 20 days in the second quarter. Now you have 16 days in the second quarter. If you could kind of clarify that. And if there's any shipment impact at all to Easter from it moving later? And second question, if you don't mind, is how much of what's going on in China, you talked about, you took some PP&E write-down and this coincides with the ramp up of this Malaysia plant. Do any of those PP&E write-downs relate to the Malaysia plant costs? And how much, if you could – anyway of giving us a ballpark of how much of the absorption cost of that plant, which are presumably at below plant capacity, impacting gross margin on the quarter? Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. So, let me start, and then I'll transfer it over to Patricia. There is almost no – there is no shipment impact from that timing of Easter. I mean, we shipped almost nothing in terms of Easter into the second quarter. So that's not an issue at all. And relative to the write-offs, we feel great about Malaysia. So the write-offs that we talked about are not at all related to Malaysia.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: And in terms of the cost base, that came online April 1st of last year. So that impact will be getting smaller going forward or really going away in terms of fixed cost absorption.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: So you already would have taken the – I guess most pain for that that wouldn't really be a possibility going forward?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. It's all in the base now.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take a follow-up question from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Just a quick one about second quarter. I think you said it's your tougher comp on the revenue side also. I know its North America in particular has a tough comparison. Is it possible that revenue for the overall company would go negative in second quarter, or do you still think you're in positive territory?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. We still feel good that we're in positive territory. Yeah, the quarters always come in a little bit different depending on the promotion and innovation calendar. But there's nothing that we'd be fallen off that kind of a cliff in the second quarter.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Well, great. That's all we have operator. We'll thank everybody for joining us for today's call, and we'll be available for any follow up questions you may have.
Operator: We do have a follow up if you're available.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Okay. Well, patch in. Operator, thank you.
Operator: Very good. We do have a question from Kenneth Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open, sir.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): He, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I'll keep it short. On China, can you guys just talk about what is the key steps and timeline for us to get a better understanding of which markets you're going to go into? And how are you going to assess that situation? Can you talk about how we're going to be thinking about this in the timeline?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So as part of our Margin for Growth and Margin Expansion Program, we've started immediately in terms of taking the necessary steps to reset our investment in that marketplace and make some of the tough decisions. At the same time, the local teams have built very focused plans in terms of where we are focusing to grow and build a sustainable business model. So we are focused on multiyear program. But beginning now to really focus on a couple of key provinces on our core portfolio and on a profitable mix of brands across the portfolio. As you all know, the cost structure in some of the channels in China have changed and so we are shifting to more profitable channels and really try to capture some of the growth both in the second and third tier cities as well as e-commerce. So it's a multi-year program that's underway now and I'd say we can continue to update you as the year goes on.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Do you plan on letting us into the information as you kind of feel like which cities, which avenues, which products or is it going to be one of the things we'll see in the results as they come? I just don't know what's the timing and how we should think about the strategy there?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I mean, I think for competitive purposes, we prefer not to go into all of the details. But we can give some thoughts to you, what we can share that might help you as you're building your model.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And just my final question on China. The online side of it. How – what type of infrastructure do you have? Is that enough to offset some of the weaknesses across the other part of it and how do you see that growing over the next two years to three years?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: We see – we've done very well with online e-commerce in China. As it's a big piece of the marketplace, it's been a nice growth driver for our business. We've continued to see nice growth there and it is clearly amongst the channels, probably our number one area of focus from a channel perspective in that marketplace. So we have – we've built some infrastructure and that will continue to be a place that we'll want to invest in China going forward as in the U.S.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate. Thank you.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Okay.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Thanks so much for joining us today. And like I said earlier, we're available for any follow-up questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's Hershey Company's First Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call. You may now all disconnect your lines, and everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co. John P. Bilbrey - The Hershey Co. Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co. Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.
Analysts: Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. My name is Keith, and I'll be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. This call is scheduled to end at about 9:30 AM, so please limit yourself to one question so we can get to as many of you as possible. Please note this call may be recorded. Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's fourth quarter 2016 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO; Michele Buck, Chief Operating Officer; and Patricia Little, CFO will provide you with an overview of results which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2015 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income, prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believe the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss fourth quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $148.9 million, or $0.62 per share diluted, which are primarily related to derivative mark-to-market losses. These charges defined in the appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P.
John P. Bilbrey - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, Mark. Good morning to all of you on the phone and the webcast. And I apologize for my voice, as I'm fighting a head and chest cold. In 2016, we made progress against our strategic plans that strengthened our business model and positions the company for future growth. Our productivity and cost savings initiatives drove EBIT margin expansion in full year EPS growth of 7%, the midpoint of our long-term target. And we continue to generate solid operating cash flow, about $1 billion in 2016, which gives us a lot of financial flexibility. Looking at marketplace performance, our core U.S., CMG and snacks business progressed as we anticipated. Retail takeaway and market share performance in the second half of the year was better than the first half of the year, which was impacted by shorter Easter and merchandising and display strategies at select customers. This resulted in full-year snacking market share growth of about 10 basis points. We also began a strategic review of our global cost structure that should result in solid margin expansion and EPS growth. We look forward to talking about our business in these plans in more details on the March 1 at our investor update. Let me now provide you with some detail on our fourth quarter results. Net sales and marketplace performance, both retail takeaway and market share, were relatively in line with expectations. Operating income and earnings per share diluted exceeded our forecast, driven by the early implementation of some cost savings efficiencies and a lower-than-expected tax rate. Patricia will provide you with more details on this in just a bit. As we anticipated, U.S. marketplace performance sequentially improved. Total Hershey U.S. retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ended December 31, 2016, within the xAOC+C channels increased 2.2%. This represents all Hershey snack products sold at retail such as candy, mint, gum, salty snacks, Krave and snack bars. Importantly, Hershey's U.S. CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, retail takeaway increased more than three times the rate of the category, driven by chocolate and was up 1.9%. Our fourth quarter U.S. chocolate performance was solid with retail takeaway up 2.9%, resulting in a chocolate market share gain of 0.9 points. Despite the slow start to 2016, we gained 0.4 points of chocolate market share for the full year. Our brands responded positively to the investments we discussed in July and October. Reese's, our biggest brand, continued to gain momentum driven by variety, news, core two-cup advertising and in-store merchandising and display. The Reese's Pieces Cup innovation, NCAA football, in-store merchandising and strong Halloween and holiday performance generated retail takeaway of 7.2% this quarter. Results were similar to last quarter and impressive, given that this is nearly a $2 billion brand at retail. In 2017, we'll look to expand and improve upon our NCAA basketball and football relationship via innovation and targeted 360-degree activation programs given the customizable promotional entitlements available to us with this sponsorship. We were also pleased with the Kit Kat franchise. Fourth quarter and full year retail takeaway of 5.5% was about the same for both periods, driven by the success of the Big Kat new product launch, as well as the core Kit Kat instant consumable item that benefited from TV and digital marketing programs such as Chance the Rapper and Kit Kat thief. In 2017, we'll continue to bring variety and news to the brand with limited edition red velvet flavor for Valentine's Day. The wafer sticks are not red like the classic southern cake, but the candy itself is red velvet flavored and coated in white cream. In the first half of 2016, The Hershey mega brand campaign didn't work as hard for us as we anticipated. However, in the second half of the year, results improved driven by Olympics, S'mores and seasonal programming. In the fourth quarter, Hershey's franchise retail takeaway increased low single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. The launch of Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch is underway, and we believe this will reenergize the brand. While early results are encouraging, distribution continues to build and advertising is scheduled to begin in early February. As we previously have mentioned, our consumer demand for multi-textural eating experiences across various snacking occasions is increasing, and this product fills a white space opportunity. You'll see additional innovation in the marketplace this year that also delivers on a textural experience in Reese's Crunchy Cookie Cup and Hershey's and Reese's Crunchers. Our consumer research has indicated that millennials want new flavors and textures, especially the Reese's consumers. Reese's is the fastest growing largest instant consumable franchise, so we do a lot of work here trying to bring the right level of investment to the core two-cup and variety news to the brand. In 2017, we'll launch Reese's Crunchy Cookie Cup in an instant consumable pack type. Within the cup are cookie bits versus a solid cookie, which consumers told us was less intrusive in terms of texture. The result is a product that delivers on all the sensations consumers want: smooth, creamy, sweet and crunchy. And the Crunchers product line is targeted for that shareable snacking hand-to-mouth occasion, leveraging the appeal of sweet and texturally complex snacking. These light, crispy and crunchy combinations are a perfect bite-sized snack for a different and unique eating experience. So, we're making progress, but there's still a lot of work to do. We're not satisfied with our non-chocolate candy. In Brookside performance, the work is underway to improve their trends. Although it will be a multi-step process, we continue to believe that candy, mint and gum is an attractive category capable of solid growth over the long-term, when supported with the right mix of customer and consumer marketing. Now for an update on our international markets, where fourth quarter net sales growth was relatively in line with our expectations and up about 3% on a constant currency basis versus last year. I was particularly pleased with Mexico and Brazil, where we generated solid constant currency net sales growth. In Brazil, our growth was fueled by distribution gains in core brands and the continued rollout of the Hershey's Special Milk and Hershey's Special Dark bars, which was launched in Q3. As a result, in Q4, market share increased 0.5 points. And in our Mexican business, chocolates, spicy sugar, confectionery and drinks are tracking relatively in line with our initial plans. Our marketplace performance improved in the fourth quarter, with chocolate retail takeaway up about 9.5%. And our traditional trade initiative with Sigma is progressing, and we're gaining chocolate momentum driven by Kisses. Net sales in India, driven by the brands we're investing behind, Hershey's branded syrup, spreads and milk booster, as well as JOLLY RANCHER and Sofit, increased about 25%. Late in the fourth quarter, we launched Brookside, primarily in the modern trade where we don't expect much of an impact from demonetization. While small, this launch gives us exposure to a value-added segment with above average margins for the India business. In China, the modern trade hypermarket environment continues to be challenging across many categories. In Q4, China chocolate category sales declined about 4%, the same rate as the second and third quarter declines. Our Q4 net sales in China declined about 11% on constant currency basis, slightly lower than our estimate. Sell-in related to Chinese New Year drove Q4 net sales, and advertising and in-store programming occurred just as we had planned. Our e-commerce business continues to progress, and our market share here is estimated to be greater than our share in brick and mortar. Now, I'd like to pause briefly here to just say thank you. It's been an honor to lead The Hershey Company and these quarterly conference calls as Chairman and CEO. I'm so proud of our company and what we've accomplished. I've always appreciated the questions and feedback we've received on these conference calls, and in all of the various meetings that we've participated in with you. I've shared many of your thought-provoking questions and insights with my team, and I feel it's made me a better leader and Hershey a better company, so I say thank you. And now, I'm proud to turn the call over to Michele Buck. As we announced in December, Michele will become Hershey's 12th CEO on March 1, and I'm pleased to be staying on as Chairman. I know that many of you have met Michele and know her, and agree that she's an experienced executive with excellent operating, marketing and strategic capabilities. Now, let me turn the balance of the call over to Michele.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thanks, J.P. I am very honored that on March 1 I will become the next CEO of The Hershey Company. As you know, Hershey is a special company with great brands, people, capabilities and processes. Combined, these attributes make up a business that over the long-term has delivered sustained results and will continue to do so going forward. We've a team of remarkable employees who come to work every day with a sense of purpose, fostered by our Founder, whose values and legacy are still part of our culture. This has served the company well and resulted in solid financial and marketplace returns. I want to say a special thank you to all of our colleagues across the business, many of whom listen in to this call. I believe it's their passion and dedication, along with our strong brands, advantaged retail sales presence and supply chain capabilities that will contribute to our further success. I was pleased with the progression of our business in 2016. After a challenging start to the year, we did not lose focus. We executed against our plan, and we gained momentum as the year progressed. As we look to 2017, I'm excited about our innovation, our activation plans for Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch and the investments we're making in expanding the Reese's franchise. The targeted and precision-based approach we've taken to growing Reese's with the Crunchy Cookie Cup and into the hand-to-mouth snacking area via the Crunchers product line will provide incremental growth to our business. I'm also pleased with our balanced approach to marketing mix as it relates to trade and advertising. We're continuously improving analytics to enable us to further optimize investments within these two areas, and we'll see some of the benefits of this in 2017. As we've mentioned before, we started to take a fresh look at our business operations and our investment choices in 2016, and we'll share more about this in March. The goal of these margins for growth efforts is to improve overall margins, particularly in our international and other segment. We expect that this will be a multi-year program, enabling us to achieve strong margin and EPS growth in 2018 and 2019, and provide us with the fuel to deliver consistent annual net sales and EPS growth post implementation. The impact and benefits related to these efficiencies in 2017 is modest, given that we accelerated some of the non-restructure related work into Q4. This enabled us to deliver additional operating income growth and margin expansion earlier than planned, resulting in full-year EBIT margin of 20.4%, about 30 to 40 basis points greater than what we had anticipated. We're focused on EBIT margin expansion and expect that it will expand again in 2017, although the gain may not be as great as it was in 2016 as a portion of the savings are being reinvested back into the business. We believe the investments we're making this year are in areas of the business that set us up for continued growth over the long-term. Investments are underway in IT capabilities and additional analytic approaches that will enable operational effectiveness and efficiency, and be a differentiator in the marketplace over the next few years. I'm also excited about the concepts we're testing related to the commercialization of our integrated demand landscape. I look forward to discussing all of this and our long-term vision with you on March 1. I want to underscore my optimism about Hershey's future. We have many opportunities to leverage our globally recognized brands, our capabilities and our U.S. scale. I couldn't be more excited to lead Hershey into the future. I look forward to continuing to work with all of you, as we focus on building value for all Hershey's stakeholders. I'll now turn it over to Patricia who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Michele. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Fourth quarter net sales of $1.97 billion increased 3.2%, in line with our forecast. Adjusted earnings per share diluted came in at $1.17, an increase of 8.3% versus last year, greater than our estimate due to savings from our continued focus on our cost structure and 110-basis-point decline in the adjusted tax rate. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 50 basis points, net sales increased 3.7%. Net price realization was relatively in line with our estimates at a 60-basis-point headwind, primarily due to higher levels of trade and merchandising activity related to our core and seasonal businesses as well as new products. Volume was up 3.4 points, driven by our performance in the U.S. Acquisitions were a 90-basis-point benefit due to barkTHINS, which we acquired in second quarter. By segment, fourth quarter North America net sales increased 3.8%, driven by a 4.1-point contribution from volume. Acquisitions were a 1-point benefit, and net price realization a 1.3-point headwind due to planned higher levels of direct trade supporting increased in-store merchandising and display activity, new products and seasons. Our U.S. seasonal business was relatively in line with our expectations with Halloween and holiday market share up 30 basis points and 25 basis points, respectively. Turning to the international and other segment, excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 3.2 points, net sales increased 2.7%. Volume was off 10 basis points, as solid Latin America, India and select export market performance was offset by lower sales in China. Net price realization was a 2.8-point benefit, as direct trade and returns, discounts and allowances in China were lower. Turning to margins, adjusted gross margin declined by 50 basis points in the fourth quarter, as productivity and cost savings were offset by unfavorable manufacturing variances, the aforementioned unfavorable trade rate and slightly higher supply chain costs driven by initial year absorption of overhead related to the Malaysia manufacturing facility. For the full year, adjusted gross margin declined about 40 basis points, relatively in line with our original plan. We have good visibility into our 2017 input cost basket and don't expect inflation. Additionally, we have productivity and cost savings initiatives in place that should enable adjusted gross margin expansion of about 15 to 25 basis points in 2017. Adjusted operating profit in the fourth quarter declined half a point. As expected, advertising and related consumer marketing expense increased in the fourth quarter of 2016. Selling, marketing and administrative, or SM&A expenses, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing increased 6.6% in the quarter, driven by higher employee-related costs and increased depreciation and amortization. Note that this includes SM&A related to the barkTHINS acquisition. Unallocated corporate expense increased 11%, or $12.6 million, as efficiency and cost savings initiatives were offset by higher employee-related costs and an increase in corporate depreciation and amortization. As we've stated throughout most of 2016, we're focused on our cost structure. We're instilling an ROI mentality to ensure that every dollar we spend works as hard for us as it can. As a result, in the fourth quarter, we generated about $20 million in efficiency savings related to the margin for growth initiative. This enabled us to partially offset higher levels of trade, benefits inflation and other employee-related expenses, as well as manufacturing variances in overhead. As a result, full-year adjusted EBIT margin expanded 40 basis points to 20.4%. Now, let me provide a brief update on our international and other segment. As J.P. stated, we're executing against our plans in the key markets of China, Mexico, Brazil and India. Constant currency net sales in Mexico, Brazil and India increased nicely. Adding to his commentary on China, overall CPG performance in the modern trade is not where we thought it would be. As a result, many categories were sluggish, including chocolate where the category declined about 7% for the full year. As expected, our China gross sales declined in the fourth quarter. Given the soft retail takeaway in the quarter, net sales were slightly off versus our previous forecast. While our Chinese New Year sell-in was good, we'll have to wait until sell-through data is available to determine our net seasonal results. For the full year, excluding China, international and other segment operating profit increased nicely, and I'm pleased with the progression. As we mentioned last quarter, as we look ahead we're committed to profitability in this segment. Moving down the P&L, interest expense of $23.4 million increased $4.2 million versus last year. For the full year, interest expense was $90.1 million and in line with our estimate. In 2017, interest expense is expected to be in the $95 million to $100 million range. The adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 28.2%. The decline was due to the mix of fourth quarter international operating results and increased favorable tax credits and other incentives, including research and development. The full year tax rate of 31.3% was about 90 basis points less than our expectation of about 32.2%. In 2017, the company anticipates its effective tax rate will be between 28.5% and 29%. The reduction versus 2016 is driven by favorable international taxes, investment tax credits and other incentives as well as a 75-basis-point benefit to the tax rate from the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 for the accounting of employee share-based payments. The fourth quarter other income and expense amount of $7.5 million was primarily driven by investment tax credits. In 2017, we'll continue with this strategy and estimate that the investment tax credit expense will be in the $45 million to $50 million range. For the fourth quarter of 2016, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 213.9 million shares, down 4.6 million versus last year, resulting in adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.17 or an increase of about 8.3% versus a year ago. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the fourth quarter, net trading capital declined by $71 million, accounts receivable was lower by $17.7 million and remains extremely current. Inventory was lower by $5.3 million and accounts payable increased by $48.3 million. Total capital additions, including software for the fourth quarter and full year, were $101 million and $269.5 million respectively. For the full-year 2017, we estimate the CapEx will be in the $270 million to $290 million range. Total adjusted depreciation and amortization in the fourth quarter and full year was $67.3 million and $253.3 million, respectively. Dividends paid in the fourth quarter were $127.8 million. In the fourth quarter, the company did not repurchase any common shares against the $500 million share repurchase authorization approved in January 2016. There is $100 million remaining on this authorization. In the fourth quarter, the company repurchased $140 million of common shares in connection with the exercise of stock options. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $297 million versus year ago at $347 million. Now to summarize. Work related to the margin for growth program is progressing. As mentioned early, fourth quarter implementation of certain efficiency initiatives related to this work enabled us to exceed our profitability targets in 2016. Note that this is a multi-year program designed to improve overall operating profit margin through supply chain optimization, a streamlined operating model and reduced administrative expenses. However, the impact in benefits related to these efficiency initiatives and included in our 2017 guidance is modest as greater levels of savings and margin expansion is anticipated in 2018 and 2019. As J.P. and Michele summarized, in 2017 we have a lot of innovation, variety and seasonal plans in place. We'll benefit from a longer Easter and have good visibility into these orders. Additionally, Hershey's Cookie Layer Crunch is off to a good start. We continue to refine our marketing mix modeling and expect advertising and related consumer marketing expense to increase in 2017. And as Michele outlined, we're also making investments in other parts of our business. As a result, for the full-year 2017, we expect net sales to increase around 2% to 3%, including a benefit from acquisitions of about 50 basis points and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of about 25 basis points. As I stated earlier, we expect adjusted gross margin expansion of 15 to 25 basis points and the tax rate is expected to be lower than last year. As a result, our expectation is for 2017 adjusted earnings per share diluted to increase around 7% to 9% and be in the $4.72 to $4.81 range. Thank for your time this morning, and we'll now take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And congratulations to you, Michele, and all of the best to you, J.P.
John P. Bilbrey - The Hershey Co.: Thank you.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, I guess maybe just one question, related to the operating leverage, I guess, in 2017. Can you maybe talk about in terms of gross margins with inflation being basically non-existent or commodity inflation being pretty benign this year, why there isn't more maybe gross margin leverage in this year? Is it trade spend or is there something else happening that's kind of holding back more a growth margin expansion in 2017?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Patricia, why don't you take that one?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so as we said, we see commodity inflation is relatively benign as you said. Yes, we are continuing to invest behind our brand, our innovation, our seasonal activation. And so, we have pretty good visibility into our gross margin. We're also very focused as being a gross margin company. And I'm pleased that given the investments we're making in the brands that we do have leverage on that line.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And, I guess, just as a follow-up. As we're thinking about your marketing spend or your investment this year, some of it happens at the sales line, and some of it's happening within marketing. Is that part of the way we should think about it?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yes. I absolutely think about it that way. A lot of the work that we've been doing this year, and will continue into 2017, is really getting the balance of those different kinds of spend right. We have good capability improvements in both of those to make sure that we're putting the right – and Michele talked about this, the marketing mix model as well as some revenue management improvements in our capabilities to look at the way we spend our trade promotion.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Morning, everybody, and congratulations J.P., and best of luck, Michele.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Thank you very much.
John P. Bilbrey - The Hershey Co.: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Quick question on EBIT margin expansion, or the outlook for 2017. I think, Michele, you said you expect some EBIT margin expansion, though, not necessarily at the rate that we saw in 2016. And, I guess, I'm trying to get a sense of whether that's a shift at all in thinking, maybe relative to last quarter. I think on the third quarter call, company was talking about top quartile performance on the top line, and I think from a profitability standpoint. And I guess, now – so it struck me maybe that you didn't necessarily view 2017 as a reinvestment year per se. And now it does sound like maybe you've got, Michele, some specific or discrete things that you want to reinvest in. So, I'm trying to get a sense of is that a little bit of a shift or maybe I'm reading that wrong. And if so, what are really those key items where some of that reinvestment has got to come into play?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. So I'll take that first, and then if Patricia has anything she wants to add. As we think about our financial goals, clearly we want to be in the top quartile from a net sales perspective, net sales growth amongst the S&P food group. We're very proud of our EBIT margin, around 20%, certainly one of the highest out there. We want to continue to grow that. So, we want to be in the top quartile relative to EBIT margin.
John P. Bilbrey - The Hershey Co.: That's absolute.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: The absolute, not the gross. So, we've some work to do, as others have focused on their EBIT margins to expand that and to get even more a higher rate there. As we think about the business versus Q3 when we spoke to you, I guess I'd say two things. First of all, probably the biggest change is, we really got an accelerated delivery of margin expansion. So, we had started a real focus on margin expansion across the company. And hey, our organization over-delivered versus our expectations. So, some of the margin expansion we expected we'd get in 2017, we actually got in 2016. Then on top of that, there are several areas that we do want to invest and are investing for future growth. One of the biggest areas is around technology in the new ERP system and enterprise connectivity, which we'll talk to you more about in March, as well as some marketing related expenses around the demand landscape, packaging, et cetera that you'll see in the marketplace.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thank you. See you in March.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody, and congratulations to J.P., and looking forward to working with you, Michele. So, can I ask about the outlook for commodity costs? We've obviously seen the cocoa price on the CME come down fairly substantially over the last several months. Is that going to benefit you in the near term, or are you hedged out for a couple of years as I think you've typically been in the past? How are you thinking about the commodity cost outlook at this point?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, Alexia, if you look at us, we've got a pretty big cost basket of inputs, and certainly every year some are up and some are down. Definitely, we've seen cocoa prices come down. And the real goal of our commodity hedging program is to make sure that we don't have a lot of volatility in those input costs, because that makes it easier for us to manage. And I think that we stated before, we typically have between 3 months and 24 months of coverage for various raw materials. And so, drops that you see right now don't necessarily translate into the current year P&L.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll go to David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you, and good morning. And congratulations, Michele and J.P. Really appreciate everything over the years, and certainly with your role going forward, we hope to still continue to get to talk to you. I'd like to ask Patricia about the tax question, the tax rate. So, there is a lot of questions on this from clients this morning. And Patricia, is it just fair to say that the old guidance used to be like an ongoing rate of like 33%, and that's what we were modeling. So then the differential to, say, the top end of 29%, your guidance, looks really big. It's like a 400-basis-point delta. But on this other line, that's where you purchase those tax credits, and it's a significant $50 million expense I think you said in your script. But I think it's correct that you got to net these two things together to really understand what's going on, on taxation for the company. Did I state those things correctly? And can you maybe give any clarity where I've made a mistake?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thanks for the question, David. Let me start by just saying that in total on taxes, yes, you're right, the investment tax credits that we've been purchasing for the last couple of years are a driver of our tax improvement, one of the drivers. We have other drivers as well. We continue, as we said, to be very focused on our international operations, improving those. So the mix of international is part of it as well, plus we are doing a good job, I think, of taking advantage of our R&D investments that we're making, things like the new ERP system that Michele answered. So, we have a number of things that we've been focused on in tax, and we're also making sure that the changes that we make are sustainable, and not highly volatile to our tax rate. And, Mark, did you want to clarify anything on the...?
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Yeah, David, you're right. The other income and expense related to the investment tax credit is there. It's about the same amount in 2017 versus 2016, give or take. And that got you down to that 33-ish, 32-ish range on the tax rate. Some of the other initiatives Patricia talked to, as well as making sure we take advantage of all our legal entity structure is what drives it to where it is now, and that we think you can use going forward.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: One follow-up for me. You guys have mentioned these efficiency initiatives, and then previously you had upgraded, I think you call it the CIP program, your cost savings, continuous improvement program. Can you just give us a rundown of where these numbers stand for what's in your 2017 guidance right now? I think it wasn't so clear. We know they're positive, but can you just run us through the savings that you actually expect to realize in 2017?
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I mean, what we've said to-date, Dave, and we'll obviously give more color on March 1 on this margin for growth program. Our normal productivity program was $50 million to $70 million, and we upped that to about $100 million a year for 2017 through 2019. I think Patricia had mentioned there was about $15 million or $20 million in the fourth quarter we got around this margin for growth program. It'll be probably around that same range around there for 2017, and then we'll provide you with some broader ranges and outlook as it relates to 2018 and 2019 on March 1.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: But the correct characterization is that the $20 million of efficiency that shows up in 2017, it's just a very small part of this much bigger efficiency program that you will reveal to us in March, is that fair?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yes.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: And to be clear, the $20 million was in the fourth quarter. So, we were calling out the pull-ahead that Michele referenced earlier.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much. I'll pass it along.
Operator: And our next question is from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, there. Thank you, and congratulations to everybody. When I was thinking about 2017, one of the bigger savings that I had assumed was in China, because I thought that China's overhead expenses had been built up under the assumption that it was going to be a much bigger business in terms of sales. And it's obviously – the expectations are much different now. So, can you focus a little bit more on what to expect for your overhead and spending in China in 2017? Is there an opportunity in 2017 to reduce that overhead, or is it really 2018 and 2019 when that would happen? Thanks.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. So, we're going to talk more about that in a lot more detail in March. Certainly, we're focused on profitability there. There are certain measures we can take to increase profitability as we go. There are others that take a bit more time. But we'll get into a lot more details on that in March. But it is a focus, for sure.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. I'll pass it along.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thanks. And J.P., congratulations, and Michele, look forward to a great run. One question with a couple of parts. I think looking at the gross margin for 2017, there's a couple of pieces, right? You got manufacturing leverage, and you got costs. Now, on the latter, obviously, cocoa prices have declined somewhat precipitously in the fall. You've given any color you can give us about what that means for the P&L, how that typically flows through. And maybe if you don't want to give numbers, fine, but you'll give us a sense of how far you're typically hedged, and how you'd expect to move like that to kind of roll through in any offsets. And on the first part of it, I guess, I would think Cookie Layer Crunch is a positive price mix. And I would think doing more North America than international is also a positive, I say, I mean, gross margin mix. I would think Cookie Layer Crunch is a positive gross margin mix. So, I guess, I'm struggling a little bit. If you're going to grow volume in 2017, is it just that you're going to promote away what would apparently be gross margin lift? Thank you very much.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, I'll address the first part of the question first. And relative to cocoa, as I mentioned before, we typically hedge 3 months to 24 months out. And so, the cocoa prices aren't going to directly relate what's happening in the cocoa market with the current P&L. So, that's really a longer term impact. Relative to mix, certainly you're right that North America has strong margins. Cookie Layer Crunch we feel good about. We also have some investments we're making in expanding the portfolio to participate more broadly in other snacking occasions, things like Krave and some other snack initiatives that are lower margin than the core very high margins we have in the core confectionery business. And we continue to believe that those are important investments to drive growth for us into the future.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Got you. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, and congratulations J.P. and Michele. First, a question on the Hershey Cookie Layer Crunch. You said it was having encouraging early results. In the scanner data, it looks like the sales mix was maybe less than 50 basis points in the fourth quarter, but it's been building to over 1% in recent weeks. Do you see that ramping more quickly as the advertising hits? And where do you think distribution can build to from here? And I have a follow-up.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, yes, I would say, we haven't begun advertising. Advertising is just starting. And so, I would expect that we will see another lift in velocity as we go on air. We did have a strong push as we went into distribution to get merchandising on the floor, to attract consumers to the proposition, but I would expect that we'll see another lift with advertising. And I would expect we're going to have pretty broad distribution. We have a strong focus on getting broad distribution as quickly as we could. But I think if you look at many of our new product launches, I would expect that we'll get to 80%-ish kind of distribution on this one, as we have with most others.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: If I were to have a second question, it's about the Reese's brand. You've kind of kept it simple over the years, and advertised a lot against that brand. And it's perhaps your best power brand and it feels like if there is a way to describe 2017 other than the snackfection and with different mouth feels and different constructs, it could be the year of Reese's, because you have the Reese's Pieces Cups, Reese's Crunchers, Reese's Crunchy Cookie Cup. It seems like the year of the Reese's extension. Is that fair? And do you think that this could be something that you could push on a multi-year basis?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: So, first of all, I would agree with what you're saying on Reese. Given that it is our largest $2 billion-ish type of brand, any lift we get on that brand obviously is very meaningful for our P&L. Strong profitability. We feel really good about the lineup of activity we have on Reese. We also feel good that we have done a lot of work to optimize how we're spending our marketing dollars, and we're seeing a lot of benefit from that on the base. I would also say, though, I look at 2017 as a strong year for Hershey, with the focus that we have against that. We always focus on driving our core. So, those big brands with high profit margins critically important for us to deliver the year, Hershey, Reese, Kit Kat, et cetera.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, this is Josh Levine on for Ken. Thanks for the question. Just a quick question. I may have missed this. But just on the Cookie Layer Crunch and Crunchers innovations, have you mentioned how much you expect they sort of be pipeline filled this year versus the replenishment?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: No, we haven't talked about that. I don't think that we usually typically go into that. I mean, if you think about the Cookie Layer Crunch, we obviously got off to a strong start in Q4. So, if you look at even the results of takeaway, you can assume that there was a lot of pipeline for Cookie Layer Crunch that came in Q4, and Crunchers is all coming this year because we had no distribution last year.
John P. Bilbrey - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I mean, we give the volume breakout in North America Josh. So, if you were to look at North America, the volume and subtracted the takeaway, I mean, it's not perfect math, but it would get you to how we thought about it in the fourth quarter in December. Right in line with what we thought.
Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And just to make sure, I mean, are there any other pipeline fill comps that we should be sort of thinking about as we look at modeling the volume cadence for this year? Thanks.
John P. Bilbrey - The Hershey Co.: So, as we've talked, the first quarter should really drive a lot of the growth. I think if you look at the sales, first half, second half will be quasi similar, although the first half will be driven by the first quarter. We had a lot of, I'll call it, productivity and cost savings in the second half of 2016. So, again, if you were to think of EPS growth probably more first half, first quarter driven.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: The other thing you might think about is, because of the way Easter is structured this year, the difference between takeaway and sales, last year with the Easter being earlier there was a disconnect there. You'll see the reverse of that this year.
Joshua A. Levine - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Very much.
Operator: And we can take next David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking the follow up. I wanted to ask J.P. and Michele, J.P. you've commented so much on this in the past about the competition in the grocery store and in the perimeter in getting display, and I feel like the characterization last year, I mean, it was so tough, in the first year it was so tough, and now things just feel so much better. Could you just give us some color as to kind of what's changed? I know you put in a little bit more promotion to get more space. But can you just give us more color here on things, because it really feels different today. And I'd like to hear your perspective, and Michele, your perspective on how things have changed. And then is this something that we can feel good about as sustainable that the sales growth in North America and the United States, in particular, is not going to be under as much pressure as we saw, say, back, I remember end of 2015 and beginning of 2016, it was just so tough. Thank you.
John P. Bilbrey - The Hershey Co.: Hey, David, I'll give you a macro comment and then Michele can follow up if she wants. I was at FMI last week. And one of the things that seemed to be pretty broad based across a number of retailers, and as I was hearing comments across manufacturers is that people were optimistic in terms of their plans, and I felt as though people were looking to really invest in their business from a merchandising standpoint and promotion. I'm really speaking about retailers as they were talking to us as well as others. And so, I felt really good that people really wanted to go out and execute against good plans. It didn't feel quite as conservative, I would say, as it did the previous year. So, I just took that as a fairly optimistic tone that people see their destiny as in their hands, and they're going to go execute against their business. And I don't know, Michele, if you want to add to that?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. I'll add two things. I mean, you specifically asked about merchandising as one part of the question, and I would say, there were some big retailers that implemented cleaner floor policies, and it really took us through mid-last year into Q3 to kind of lap that. And I think once we did we started to see similar momentum there. And I'd also say the other thing I'm encouraged by is, where there has been strong activity in certain categories or with certain brands, there have been strong results. And I look at the high-single digit results we saw on Reese, on Kit Kat, on Ice Breakers this past year, so I feel confident that where we have those we can really drive impact. And I think the results we're seeing on Cookie Layer Crunch speak to that as well.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So, one follow on then, Michele. The Cookie Layer Crunch, this looks like this could potentially be a $100 million product for you all. We haven't seen that in a while. Do you guys believe you've gotten the innovation machine at Hershey kind of back on track, and then it'll be more consistent than maybe in the last couple years where innovation just fell? I mean, it was, what, 2011 when we had the Reese's Minis, and that was a blockbuster. The Minis franchise was great, but it finally petered out. And now it feels like you're back here with CLC, but can you characterize innovation?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Sure. So, first of all, I'd say, we're very bullish on Cookie Layer Crunch, yet at the same time it's early. So, we need to make sure that we get repeat and see the response to advertising, but we remain optimistic. I do believe that based on our research results that can be a big platform for us. And I also believe, I guess I'd say two things. First, I feel really good about the innovation we have in the pipeline. I think back half of last year, if you look at snack mix, Reese's Pieces Cup, Big Kat, Cookie Layer Crunch and Crunchers this year, I think we really are building momentum there. But at the same time, I'd say innovation is hard, and it's hard to get the homerun. So, we're focused on trying to keep at it, and I feel good about what I see for 2017 into 2018.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll also take a follow-up from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and congratulations to everyone as well. I guess two questions if there's time, first is a follow-up to Driscoll's question, I guess. But your sales guidance, obviously, incorporates an expectation of stronger contribution from new product innovation than we had this year. And there's also some noteworthy new products activity that's been launched by competitors and probably will be merchandised. So, I'm just curious if you could characterize the sales contribution from innovation in 2017, relative to what you'd expect on a normalized basis going forward? Is this going to be kind of a peak year? And then more generally, the 2% to 3% sales outlook, what kind of improvement in category trends that predicated on?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yes. So, as we look at the category, based on everything that you've mentioned and certainly those same things that we've seen at industry shows, it looks like it's going to be a big year of innovation for the category. And if we look historically, whenever there's been a lot of innovation in this category, given the variety-seeking nature of consumers, the accessible price points, it tends to be a pretty strong category year. So, as we look at the category, we anticipate that we might see growth around 2% or 2.5%, certainly accelerated growth versus what we saw in 2016. We expect that it would perhaps be more in line with what we saw back in 2014, 2015. So, we think that all of those things are good for the category. And certainly as we look at our business, we like getting a nice chunk of growth from a big innovation. So, we like to see that. It's a big focus within our P&L.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. So, it would be fair to say that you're optimistic about your market share prospects, but your 2017 guidance doesn't necessarily embed a level of certainty around market share gains, if you expect the category to improve?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I'd say, that we would expect that we'll see some gain in market share. I think at the same time, we try and be realistic about where the overall macro environment looks like, and some of the volatility that we've seen in the marketplace, it's harder to predict than it's been in the past.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And, Patricia, just a quick one on barkTHINS. I think there is still some amortization headwinds in 2017 that will result in dilution there. But, as you ramp up investment and some of the amortization subsides, what are you expecting in terms of lower dilution or improved earnings contribution on that business?
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. Thanks. You're right. We do have the amortization of barkTHINS. We had some of it in 2016, we'll have it in 2017. Overall, we're really pleased with the way that integration is growing. We've been particularly doing well with the synergy part of it, the supply chain savings is becoming greater than we expected. So, we feel really good about that acquisition.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. I don't know if I'm jumping ahead of others in the queue, but I would like to know about all these IT investments that need to be made. Can you talk a little bit about – do you think that you fell behind your peers in terms of IT investments? Like, why is all of this happening now? And how do you think it will help you improve marketplace performance?
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: I'd look at the opportunity that's in front of all of us right now of what data and analytics and technology can enable. And as we've talked about before, we've always believed that that's critically important in our business, the knowledge that we have has an advantage. And so, we're very focused on looking at all the applications of data that can create competitive advantage in the marketplace. And we believe that needs to be a big focus of ours. So, we really are focused on that right now.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And can I assume that that goes into corporate expense? And if so, will corporate expense be higher in 2017?
John P. Bilbrey - The Hershey Co.: Well, Rob, we'll talk to a lot of this on March 1, especially some more detail around what some of these IT investments are at the business level, to ensure people are working most efficiently as possible, as well as at the corporate level. So, I think you're going to see a little bit of both. I don't want to get out ahead of ourselves on March 1 here, but there's a lot of things in the market changing very faster than they ever have before, and we're trying to bring solutions to retailers and be where the customer is going. So, I think you'll see more of this on March 1.
Michele G. Buck - The Hershey Co.: Yeah. We'll share some specific examples.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Patricia A. Little - The Hershey Co.: Thanks.
Mark K. Pogharian - The Hershey Co.: All right, operator. We'll end the call here. We thank everybody for their participation, and we'll be available for any follow-up calls that you may have. Thank you.
Operator: And this will conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - Investor Relations J.P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Patricia Little - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michele Buck - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse David Driscoll - Citi Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Jason English - Goldman Sachs Andrew Lazar - Barclays Alexia Howard - Bernstein David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Steve Strycula - UBS
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to The Hershey Company’s Third Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. My name is Roxanna and I will be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions] This call is scheduled to end at about 9:30 a.m. So, please limit yourself to one question till we can get to as many of you as possible. Please note this call maybe recorded. Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Roxanna. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company’s third quarter 2016 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO will provide you with an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2015 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items provide additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss third quarter results, excluding net pre-tax charges of $72.4 million or $0.23 per share diluted, which are primarily related to derivative mark-to-market losses and business realignment charges. These charges are defined in the appendix of this morning’s earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
J.P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark and good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. Before we discuss the details of our third quarter results, I’d like to add some context to the press release we issued on October 14. It’s been an honor and a privilege to be the 11th CEO of The Hershey Company. I’m proud of all that we’ve accomplished as a team over the last 5 to 6 years and plan to be fully engaged on a day-to-day basis as CEO over the next 8 months or so as we drive the business forward and regain momentum. I will also continue to work closely with my management team as we review our global go-to-market approach that we discussed in July. We are making progress and expect to discuss these value-creation strategies with you in early 2017. Importantly, we believe that The Hershey Company will continue to be successful in the marketplace. We have a solid framework in place related to customer capabilities and consumer insights, especially in the North American segment that should enable us to execute against the demand landscape work that we’ve been updating. This is in conjunction with the progress that we’ve made in our R&D pipeline and faster innovation cycle in our core CMG business and snackfection initiatives. As part of our overall commitment to research and development, we are very pleased to announce our participation in the new University of Pennsylvania’s Pennovation Center, whose grand opening is today. The Pennovation Center is a bridge that brings together corporations with the need, curious educators and student scientists in the university’s new hub for innovation that will focus on research, development and entrepreneurialism. Let me add some perspective to our international operations. We have experienced macroeconomic challenges and slowdown in some of our key development markets. With this said, under the right conditions, we know our brands can be successful, as evidenced by the market share gain that we’ve attained, where we focused on our core brand-building efforts. However, given an uncertain outlook in these markets over the near term, we will continue to assess our investment mix across the enterprise to align with both our long-term strategic intent and best growth and margin-enhancing activities. We believe that it’s appropriate to continuously assess market opportunities and evolve the best approach to meet our growth and profit focus. We simply see this as part of our ongoing operating philosophy. We plan to share further details with you at our investor event early in the year. For now, I can tell you that we are striving for an organization that’s more agile, flexible and focused on the consumer, brand-building and cost efficiency across our entire business. This will drive improved gross margin and EBIT margin. Our commitment to growth and cost control will enable us to continue to deliver strong cash flow growth and generate value for all shareholders. As it relates to 2017, it’s a bit early to discuss specifics, but we think there is a setup to deliver top quartile performance versus the peer group. A longer Easter season and planned innovation driven by Hershey’s Cookie Layer Crunch and barkTHINS’ acceleration should benefit top line growth. We have visibility into our cost structure and $100 million in productivity savings that we discussed earlier in the year that should lead to EBIT margin expansion in 2017. Third quarter sales, marketplace performance and operating income were relatively in line with expectations. Earnings per share exceeded our forecasts, driven by a lower tax rate, and Patricia will have more on this in a bit. As we anticipated, U.S. marketplace performance sequentially improved versus last quarter and was within our targeted range. Total Hershey U.S. retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ended October 8, 2016, within the xAOC+C channels increased 0.6%, with market share the same as the year-ago period. This represents all Hershey manufactured products sold at retail, such as candy, mint, gum, salty snacks, Krave, chocolate syrup and snack bars. Importantly, trends in our chocolate business improved due to a shorter Easter and the timing of innovation, chocolate retail takeaway was off about 0.5% in the first half of the year and was up 0.6% in the third quarter, resulting in a market share gain of 0.5 points. We expect that the fourth quarter total Hershey and CMG performance will continue to sequentially improve. Our brands responded positively to the investments we discussed last quarter. Specifically, marketplace results in the quarter were driven by our performance in August as in-store merchandising and display activity and on-air advertising GRPs were solid, supporting U.S. Olympics programming and the launch of Reese’s Pieces Cups. Our marketing mix for these programs was balanced between direct trade in both TV and digital advertising. You will see more of this next year as we look to optimize our marketing mix model. Innovation in targeted 360 degree programs, where we got our marketing mix right, has worked for us so far in 2016. Variety and news on the Reese’s franchise, driven by our NCAA relationship, which has been extended to the fall football season, and the launch of Reese’s Pieces Cup, has resulted in the Reese’s brands retail takeaway of close to 8% in the third quarter. End results were similar for the Kit Kat franchise, given the success of the Big Kat new product launch. And Hershey’s Kisses, up 7.2% in the recent 12-week period, is also quietly having a good year, driven by birthday-themed packaging and programming. We are getting incremental quality merchandising in other parts of the store, where wrapping paper and birthday cards can be found leveraging the emotional connectivity the brand has with consumers. And our Reese’s Snack Mix and Hershey’s Snack Bites continue to do well and give us confidence that our close-in snack strategy will gain traction over time. The same successful principles will be applied to Hershey’s chocolate, where current brand performance isn’t where we really want it to be. We believe the launch and related support of Hershey’s Cookie Layer Crunch will reenergize and make the brand fresh. Consumer demand for multi-textural eating experiences across varying snacking occasions is increasing and this product fills whitespace opportunity and should partially source volume from the cookie category. We are leveraging our iconic Hershey chocolate bar and pairing it with layers of cookie – crunchy cookie bits and decadent fillings to offer an indulgent textured snacking experience, easy for me to say. This is one of the most anticipated innovations from the iconic Hershey’s brand in many years. Based on pre-launch testing, Hershey’s Cookie Layer Crunch earned some of the highest consumer scores of any product ever launched by the company and will come in three flavors: caramel, vanilla cream and mint. Each piece is perfectly portion controlled at 90 to 100 calories and will be available at select retailers starting in December. So, we are making progress, but there is still a lot of work to do as we enter the fourth quarter and look to 2017, where our priority is to restore Hershey’s marketplace momentum with the very profitable U.S. market. We believe these initiatives and ones that we have yet to disclose will result in improved and consistent marketplace performance over this strategic planning cycle. As such, we believe the candy, mint and gum is an attractive category capable of solid growth over the long term when supported with the right mix of customer and consumer marketing. Net sales in India declined versus the year ago period due to the discontinuance of the edible oil business. The media-invested brands, Jolly Rancher, SoFit and Hershey’s Syrup and Spreads, where we are focusing our efforts and investments, increased about 20%. In China, the modern trade hypermarket environment continues to be challenging across many categories. Our gross sales in China declined in line with our estimate, with net sales up about 15% on a constant currency basis. Chocolate category performance in the third quarter was sluggish and down about 4%. Our marketplace performance was in line with our expectation, with market share off about 1 point. We’re executing against our plan and over the remainder of the year, have a balanced consumer proposition of variety, news and marketing across the Hershey’s Milk Chocolate, Hershey’s Kisses and Golden Monkey candy and snack brands. Our China e-commerce business has been relatively consistent and continues to post solid results, albeit off a smaller base. We estimate that our e-commerce business has about a 10 share of the market in China and look to build on that over the remainder of the year, driven by Singles Day in November. Now, to wrap up, despite the macroeconomic challenges facing the consumer, the broader snacks category, including indulgent snacks, continues to grow across retail channels. We are committed to our marketing mix modeling, trade, TV advertising and digital media as well as investments related to innovation, consumer marketing and insights that we believe will enable Hershey to deliver consistent and predictable top and bottom line growth. As I stated earlier, we feel good about our preliminary 2017 plans that are still taking shape. We’re a growth and EBIT margin-focused company with a goal of increasing margins on an annual basis via both cost control and importantly, top line growth. Hershey has many opportunities to leverage its global brands in U.S. scale. We are optimistic about our future and focused on what we need to do to succeed. Our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong, and our executive management team and the Board of Directors are confident that we’ll continue to build value for all Hershey’s shareholders. Now, I will turn it over to Patricia who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia Little: Thank you, J.P. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Third quarter net sales of $2 billion increased 2.2%, in line with our forecast. Adjusted earnings per share diluted came in at $1.29, an increased of about 10% versus last year, greater than our estimate due to shift of advertising and related consumer marketing expense to the fourth quarter and the 280 basis point decline in the adjusted tax rate that was greater than anticipated, more on both of these in a bit. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 20 basis points, net sales increased 2.4%. As expected, net price realization was relatively in line with our estimates and a 70 basis point benefit primarily due to lower international and other segment direct trade and returns, discounts and allowances as we lap the year ago challenges in China. Volume was a 1 point contribution to net sales growth, driven by our performance in the U.S. Acquisitions were a 70 basis point benefit due to barkTHINS, which we acquired in the second quarter. By segment, third quarter North America net sales increased 1.8%. Volume was a 1.1 point benefit and driven by the U.S. business, where volume was up 1.7 points. Canada net sales and volume were off as planned as solid new product performance was more than offset by select SKU rationalization. Acquisitions were an 80 point – 80 basis point benefit and net price realization, a 10 basis point headwind. Total international and other segment net sales for the third quarter increased 5.3% versus last year. Foreign currency exchange rates were unfavorable by 2.2 points. International and other segment volume was up 10 basis points, as solid Latin America and select export market performance was partially offset by lower sales in China, the discontinuance of the edible oil business in India and a little softness in the global retail and licensing business. Net price realization was a 7.4 point benefit as direct trade and returns, discounts and allowances in China were lower. Turning now to margins, adjusted gross margin declined by 40 basis points in the third quarter as productivity and cost savings were offset by unfavorable sales mix from excess packaging and higher supply chain costs, driven by initial year absorption of overhead related to the Malaysia manufacturing facility. For the full year, we continue to expect that gross margin will be slightly down versus a year ago. As J.P. mentioned, we remain focused on our cost structure. The productivity initiatives we have discussed this year are on track and we plan to deliver approximately $135 million in cost savings this year and at least $100 million per year from 2017 through 2019. Adjusted operating profit in the third quarter increased 7.6%, resulting in adjusted operating profit margin of 22.3% versus 21.2% last year. The increase in adjusted operating profit was driven by an increase in gross profit and lower marketing expense. As expected, total advertising and related consumer marketing expense declined about 9.6% in the third quarter. This is partially due to timing. Recall, advertising and related consumer marketing expense increased about 5% in the second quarter and we expect that it will increase in the fourth quarter as well. North America and international and other segment, SM&A, excluding advertising in the barkTHINS acquisition, declined 5.5%, driven by savings from the previously discussed business productivity programs. Unallocated corporate expense increased 3.5% or $4 million as efficiency and cost savings initiatives were offset by higher employee-related costs, an increase in corporate depreciation and amortization and JV minority interest expense. Now, let me provide a brief update on our international and other segment. I am pleased that our total international business delivered on their Q3 plans. As J.P. stated, we are executing against our plans in the key markets of China, Mexico, Brazil and India. Adding to his commentary on China, chocolate category performance in brick-and-mortar continues to be choppy. Consumer spending still appears to be mixed within the modern trade box. China gross sales are forecasted to decline in 2016. However, net sales are expected to increase as we don’t anticipate the same level of direct trade, returns, discounts and allowances as last year. Constant currency net sales in Mexico and Brazil increased nicely. International and other segment operating profit increased meaningfully and I am pleased with the progression. As J.P. said, we are committed to profitability in this segment. Moving down the P&L, interest expense of $24.4 million increased $5.7 million versus last year. For the full year, we continue to expect interest expense to be in the $90 million to $95 million range. The adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 30.7%, lower than our estimate as R&D tax credits were greater than anticipated. As expected, the other income and expense line item includes the book expense related to corresponding tax credits that we mentioned last quarter. For the full year, we expect the tax rate to be about 100 basis points lower than last year. For the third quarter of 2016, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 215.2 million shares, down 4.9 million versus last year resulting in adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.29 or an increase of about 10.3% versus a year ago. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the third quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year’s third quarter by $20 million. Accounts receivable was lower by $1 million and remains extremely current. Inventory was higher by $30 million and accounts payable increased by $9 million. Total capital additions, including software, were $64.1 million in the third quarter. For the full year, we expect CapEx to be at the low end of our $265 million to $275 million range. During the third quarter, adjusted depreciation and amortization was $61.5 million and dividends paid were $128.6 million. In the third quarter, the company did not repurchase any common shares against the $500 million share repurchase authorization approved in January 2016. There is $100 million remaining on this authorization. In addition, the company did not repurchase any common shares in the third quarter to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $333 million slightly lower than a year ago. As J.P. summarized, over the remainder of the year and into 2017, we have a lot of innovation, variety and seasonal merchandising and programming in the marketplace. We have good visibility in the holiday orders and demand related to the upcoming launch of Hershey’s Cookie Layer Crunch. We feel good about our marketing mix modeling investments and believe that we have the right balance of spend over the remainder of the year as total trade and advertising is higher in the fourth quarter versus last year. We believe these investments should result in a continued sequential improvement in U.S. retail takeaway. For the full year 2016, net sales will increase around 1%, including a net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures of about 50 basis points and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 75 basis points. We continue to expect that gross margin will be slightly below last year due primarily to unfavorable sales mix. Business productivity and cost savings programs are on track with our targets. And as we discussed earlier, the tax rate is expected to be slightly favorable versus our previous expectations. As a result, the company expects adjusted earnings per share diluted for 2016 to increase 4% to 5%, including barkTHINS’ dilution of $0.5 to $0.06 per share and be in the $4.28 to $4.32 range versus the previous estimate of $4.24 to $4.28. Thank you for your time this morning and we will now take any questions that you have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Feeney: I wanted to ask a little bit about the Q4 and maybe some thoughts going forward. Obviously, I mean, you mentioned a little bit in the script there are some timing issues with the reductions to SG&A. So, I’d first like you to maybe parse how much of that is kind of reduction in advertising versus maybe structural SG&A that’s just going to be lower? And when you think about Q4 and 2017, are there things going on? Can you give us a sense of like what your – what’s the right level of relative advertising for the business right now, because obviously, you spend well ahead of your peers? You have a launch going on. But on the flipside, a lot of people are maybe looking more critical with the kind of investments that they are making and there is other ways to push it and promote right now. Thank you.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. Sure, Jonathan. Thanks. What I am going to do is ask Patricia and Michele Buck, who, as you know, is our Chief Operating Officer, is also with us. So, I will ask the two of them to talk about the fourth quarter, because I think that will be something that comes up for several of you. Thanks.
Patricia Little: Thanks. Let me start off by talking first about SG&A, excluding advertising and related marketing. You could see that it was down and has been down since we have gone through the year both on a divisional level and on a year-to-date level in corporate. When – we did have a little bit of an uptick compared to prior year in the third quarter. That really had more to do with some timing issues that we had last year’s third quarter than any change in our fundamental run-rate. And I expect to see this focus on cost in our SG&A, excluding marketing and related advertising expense to continue. In terms of the advertising and related marketing expense, we – as I said in my remarks, we have been running above in the second quarter. We dipped below a little bit in the third quarter, but we expect to have that backup again in the fourth quarter. And that, combined with added investments in trade promotion, we believe will continue to drive momentum in the marketplace. And I will turn it over to Michele to talk a little bit more about that.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, I would say we continue to believe in investing with the consumer and focusing on getting that right balance between advertising and trade that lets us really deliver in the marketplace. If you think about Q4 overall, we have very good visibility into our holiday orders as those are already sold into customers. We will be shipping Hershey’s Cookie Layer Crunch and that will be a bigger benefit to net sales than it will be takeaway. You will see more of the takeaway towards the end of the quarter and into 2017 and you can think about that as being roughly 1 to 2 points growth for us in Q4. And then lastly, the balance of our growth will really come from overall takeaway across our international and U.S. business. And we believe that we will continue to see some sequential improvement in Q4 behind the investments that we are making.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman: Hi, good morning everyone.
J.P. Bilbrey: Hi, Ken.
Ken Goldman: J.P., I know it’s early. I know you are not ready to give an exact number yet. But just in terms of you talked about some potential margin growth coming from some of the unique activities you maybe undertaking in the next year or two, people are speculating anywhere from 50 basis points to 400 or 500 basis points. Is there any help you can give us just sort of bracketing what the opportunity might be? I am sure you are not going to go full 3G on us, but any thoughts about the opportunity and how we should think about that would helpful at this point?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think there is a couple of things, Ken, that I would say is that you are going to continue to see us talk about the importance of being both growth and EBIT margin-focused. And so we have got to have the right balance there. We continue to be optimistic about the category. And the things that we have talked about so far, I think we have been transparent about, but what you will really hear more with greater specificity is when we get together on March 1 at our meeting. So, a lot of this work is still in process, I would say. But the way we think about it, Ken, is we really have more of a business model philosophy around how we want to have that right balance. But we also believe that if you noticed in my remarks, I have talked about getting the right mix of growth opportunities and where we invest. And I think it’s just basic that we always have to revisit some of those. And given some of the macroeconomic challenges, I think you will see us try to get those right going forward. And then again the greater specificity will come in March. So, if you work with us on that, I appreciate it.
Ken Goldman: No, I appreciate that. Mark, if you don’t mind, if I can ask a quick second question.
Mark Pogharian: Sure, go ahead.
Ken Goldman: J.P., I think you mentioned that you are looking for both top quartile performance in 2017 as just sort of an early outlook into next year. One, I wanted to make sure that, that was EPS that you were talking about just in case I missed it. And two, what are you looking at when you are looking at performance? Are you basing that versus 2016? What are you thinking about performance? What will that be on average? Just trying to get a sense of – I guess it’s my job, this entire call, trying to get numbers out of you, but trying to figure out what those numbers might be a little more specifically?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. So I think you have to think about that as both from a growth standpoint and then also from an EBIT margin standpoint that will be a significant focus for us going forward.
Ken Goldman: Alright, thank you.
J.P. Bilbrey: You bet. Thanks, Ken.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Moskow: Thank you. As a follow-up I think to Ken’s question, you will probably get questions about the sustainability of your gross margin, which is at – still at a – close to a peak. And I guess I can see a lot of room for SG&A kind of efficiencies, but I’m still curious as to what you think gross margin can do and if there’s expansion from here given that you are expanding into snacks, which I believe are lower margin. And I think commodities were probably about as low as they can go. They probably can’t get much lower. So – but what are you looking at in that regard?
Patricia Little: Hi, Rob. It’s Patricia. Let me take a crack at that. I think you have laid out some of the parts to our gross margin that we are very focused on. I agree with you that the snacks and some of the international margin – gross margins are lower than they are. In our core U.S. chocolate business, there is not much that does better than core U.S. chocolate in terms of margin. And you see some of that mix impact in terms of what’s in the base right now. You have mentioned commodities. Commodities will go up and they will go down and we keep our eye on them. And we always look to have some visibility going forward in our commodity expenses so that we can price accordingly and respond accordingly. But I don’t subscribe to the fact that there aren’t improvements we can make in our gross margin. And I want to call out one of the things that our U.S. plants are doing here in terms of the methodology we call lean, which is really wringing even more costs out of the production process and that’s something that we are in the process right now of – we have in several of our plants and were rolling out to more plants. Another thing that we can look at is really on our SKUs and making sure that we have the best, most optimal SKU mix in our portfolio. So, while I agree with you there is a little bit of a headwind in terms of the portfolio evolution, I think that we wouldn’t want to say that there is nothing that we can do about it. We need to remain enormously focused on gross margin.
Michele Buck: Yes, I would build on that. I think we also believe we have some opportunity relative to the work that we are doing on revenue management and optimizing trade as well as price mix that could help us as well.
Rob Moskow: Okay, J.P., congrats on your retirement. Looking forward to March 1. Thank you.
J.P. Bilbrey: Thanks a lot. Look forward to seeing you as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you and good morning. I wanted to ask a little bit about the Cookie Layer Crunch, you gave some nice comments in the opening, but can you discuss just kind of why this product is so important? And how incremental do you expect it to be to Hershey and the category? So let me just start there and a follow-up, if I may.
Michele Buck: Sure, David. It’s Michele. I will take that one. As we have talked a bit before, we really view our competitive landscape as being that whole snacking world. We know that snacking is growing faster than the total food market. And within that, we are seeing a lot of growth in indulgent snacking and we think it’s a real opportunity for us to leverage our trademarks and play as broadly as we can. And what we have seen is a strategic opportunity to source revenue more broadly and also to provide some incremental texture that we are seeing based on our consumer demand landscape that certain consumers are looking for so that it really expands the footprint of our Hershey trademark. So as we had mentioned, this is an area where we do a lot of testing. We did the BASES test that looked at concept, product delivery as well as our marketing investments behind the proposition. And all signals have indicated that it is a big nice kind of scale platform opportunity for us and that’s why it’s really important. It’s going to help us to refresh the Hershey brand to bring relevant news and capture new snacking occasions.
David Driscoll: Can I just follow up with a question that’s a little bit bigger picture? When you guys look over the last couple of years on innovation within the U.S. chocolate category, kind of how do you grade it? And how do you consider that to be the primary culprit in – resulting in the much lower and slower category growth that we have seen? And then is Cookie Layer Crunch one of the key components to reaccelerating the category for Hershey?
Michele Buck: So David, I would say, as we think about the key priorities that are necessary for us to drive the business and maximize our results, they really focus on portfolio, which does have a lot to do with innovation. On marketing mix, we have talked about this category as very responsive category, so getting the right balance between advertising and trade and also within advertising, how we spend our dollars and then, of course, cost control, where we are – have always been focused and as you know are focused on some additional platform work going forward there. So, I would say that innovation is absolutely key. Scale platform innovation has proven to be one of the greatest drivers for our category. I am encouraged about some of the innovation that we had this past year and I think that we have seen the results of that in the marketplace. And a lot that didn’t launch until the second half, but Big Kat, Reese’s Pieces Cup has done incredibly well. And Snack Mix was also a great innovation that drove incrementality. Of course, it wasn’t shared to the confection category. It’s actually health and salty snacks. So, it is a key lever. And having that sustainable big platform innovation gives us sustaining innovation over a multiyear period of time and that’s one of the biggest focuses for us is making sure that we have sticky innovations, so that it doesn’t just launch and come out. But I agree with you that as we look to next year, both in terms of our business as well as the category, we think that the level of innovation is really going to help to drive CMG category growth and bring consumers to our category. So we are really excited about that.
David Driscoll: Well, I really appreciate the answer. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Matthew Grainger: Good morning. Thanks, everyone. I wanted to ask about the margins in the international segment. I think it’s the first quarter in about 2 years, you have been profitable there. And I don’t expect you to comment on longer term targets for where you see that at the moment, but just if you could walk a bit more through what contributed to the improvement and the profits turning positive in that segment. And do you feel you have turned the corner and are now at the point where you can sustain positive margins, positive operating profit in international over the next few quarters?
Patricia Little: Yes, I will take a crack at that. And let me start by saying that you may recall last year, we had a lot of issues in China with trade, where we really had to readjust our inventory out in the trade to market conditions. And so what you are seeing – a lot of what you are seeing is the non-recurrence of that. We have some great results in our Mexico and Brazil operations that I feel really good about. In Brazil, we are having a very good year as we have taken over from our Bauducco JV and have now control of our – over our distribution and are seeing great results from that even given the difficult operating environment in Brazil, so great job from the Brazil team. In Mexico, we have increased distribution opportunities using our Sigma distribution partner, so great result there. India has been taking care of some products that are lower profitability and you can really see that helping our margin and we need to continue to do that going forward. I think China will continue to be a work in progress as we assess our opportunities against the marketplace that we have there, whether that’s in chocolate, which has been a little bit weak or in the more traditional candies that we have with our Golden and Munching Monkey brands. So, we are focused on gross margin there. And getting to healthy gross margin is a big part of the story of returning that whole segment to profitability.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. And the restructuring that’s going on in China, is that – are we seeing the impact of that flowing through or is that being largely offset by some of the category challenges still?
Patricia Little: It’s – I am sorry – go ahead.
Mark Pogharian: No. I mean, I was going to say we have done some initial integration work with Monkey. I don’t think there is – we didn’t say anything about any restructure work underway, so I don’t know if that’s what you are referring to. I mean, there is again a broader assessment going on right now. As J.P. referenced around what – it’s really a global review across all functions in all geographies. So, we will come back to you with further details on the where and the how.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everyone.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: A question for Michele. Can you just give us a little bit of color in terms of how business is performing in the U.S., instant consumable versus future consumption? And I know the instant consumable has been a bit of a drag over the last, I guess, year or so, but it sounds like some of the innovation or some of the work you have got going into the market next year is going to address that. But if you can give us some color of kind of the difference between the two would be helpful? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Sure. So, instant consumables is always a priority for us, given its strong profitability and so as we look at the past couple of years, we are really focused going forward and how we can continue to drive instant consumable a little bit harder. There has been a bit more competition in that area from some healthy instant consumable offerings. But where we feel good about where we are making progress is the results we have seen from some of the innovation that was instant consumable focused, both in terms of our Ice Breakers gum, capacity expansion and then the Reese’s Pieces Cup and Big Kat. And then you will see that with Cookie Layer Crunch as well and some other offerings into next year. We have also focused on optimizing some of our merchandising strategies in a way that we think will continue to drive instant consumable a bit harder. So it’s certainly a key focus for us.
Bryan Spillane: And just in terms of how it’s trending right now, is it still lagging your future consumption business?
Michele Buck: No, it’s not.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
Jason English: Hey. Good morning folks. Thank you for the question. You mentioned earlier about innovation to try to rejuvenate next year so – and the platform optionality. Tactically, I was hoping you could elaborate a bit more on this Crunchers product and how it fits in, in terms of that and maybe some specificity about when and what is coming on that. And then stepping up beyond innovation, we crunched some of the numbers over here, it looks like another big source, so the category weakness has been just a crowd-out in terms of merchandising, display – and display space, quality merchandising space within retail, if you can elaborate a little more, what do you think is driving that and what do you think can try to reverse the course of that one, I appreciate it? Thank you.
Michele Buck: Sure. So I will address both of those. So first of all we will look at Crunchers, this fits right in the strategy. We have spoken to you a bit about around snackfection, which is thinking broadly about where our core confectionery trademarks, which are so powerful, can play to bring in new users and be utilized across even more snacking occasions with consumers. So if you look at Crunchers, you can see the product has our great trademarks and great chocolate, but very different eating experience, which is much more of a munchable crunchy product, which will put those propositions in a whole different consumer use education. So it really fits in that strategy of expanding snacking occasions across the broader marketplace. And you will see that in the marketplace sometime mid first half of the year. But we are really excited about that. Relative to your broader question on some of the other factors at play in the category, one that I would bring up is just the timing of Easter is always a key factor for the category. And certainly, some years that’s a benefit. And some years, it’s not. This year is one of the shortest Easters. Next year, we have that going in our favor, so we are excited about that. And relative to display, there has been some pressure on the category as some of the biggest retailers have gone to clean floor policies. And given how much floor space confection has received. I think this category has taken a little bit of a bigger hit than some other categories potentially. We believe that we are now behind us with lapping a good piece of that and we believe that having great innovation is one of the best ways to gain display and space. And we are feeling good about some of the initiatives that we have put in place for holiday, where we are seeing share gains and also the share gains that we saw in Q3. And display has been a piece of that.
Jason English: Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Happy National Chocolate Day, everybody.
J.P. Bilbrey: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: I must have made I was not aware that was a thing, but I just figure that out today, so that’s good. So J.P., just a quick one, I am curious on, I guess your thoughts on all the activity in the space this coming year. We have got a new chocolate launch in the U.S. by Mondelez, you have got margin rate we are now better able in theory to kind of integrate their efforts, I guess more fully in a category that remains relatively slower versus historical run rate, so I am trying to get a sense if you think all of that is enough to accelerate the category growth rate in ‘17. And obviously, if what Hershey has planned both what we know and don’t yet know is enough to either hold or gain share in that sort of a more active environment?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, sure. So we – as we look at 2017, we believe the category has indicators that it will continue to expand. I wouldn’t describe that as a planning stance that says it’s a hockey stick, but I think we can see that there is firming in the category. Consumers are in stores. And I just think overall, at the macro level, we think people are across all income cohorts beginning to spend a little bit more confidently than they have before. What I think of that I am very optimistic about is if you just look at the total snack wheel, snacking continues to progress. I think it’s largely driven by occasions. So we have to compete and do well against those new occasions that exist in the market. But I think innovation will be an important driver. It’s good for the category if you think about it within the total snack wheel that we have great competitors. And so frankly, as there is good innovation, I think it just reminds consumers the relevance of CMG in total and so I think that’s good for all of us. And then we of course have to win as well. So what I think you will hear from us as we get more specific about 2017 is we are optimistic about some improvement in the category growth rate as relative to snack wheel. We think occasions certainly benefit us as well and then we have to win market share. And that’s why we are focused against an overall business model that helps us win as a part of the top quartile of our peer group. And then we also want to win market share, obviously within our specific categories. So I am pretty optimistic about 2017 and those are some of the reasons why. Michele importantly talked about the competitiveness in-store. That was all true. But listen, we are all in the business of growth and meeting the wants and needs of consumers. So we are going to be really focused against executing. We are going to win every day from a market share standpoint and then the category growth rate should take care of itself.
Andrew Lazar: Great. And as it relates to in-store competitiveness, you may get into this more at your meeting in March, but where you do think Hershey stands now at the sort of the in-store effort or the feet on the street, you made a lot of investment there over the last couple of years, is that in the right place or does there need to be some maybe some additions and further investment on that part of it?
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, in my comments, I talked about being flexible and agile. And that’s something that we look at all the time. And so we are constantly reviewing where we think the opportunities are with our organization. We believe strongly in the resource that we have and the effectiveness of our sales organization, our overall go-to-market effort. So you would continue to see that as something we just view as really important to winning every day.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Hi, can I ask about how you are thinking about the acquisition strategy from here, I would love to hear what your sort of views, historically on the Brookside acquisition and then Krave were. And I am focusing on North America here, as you think forward, are you thinking about larger scale opportunities and how are you thinking about diversification maybe in the direction of Krave and more into the non-sweet snacks area or is it going to be more of the bolt-on box and Brookside type of activity?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. So Michele and I will both talk about that. Let me take the more macro piece of that. So we believe that we want to grow and we look at acquisition as an important piece of that. Obviously, if we can find large, meaningful assets that align with the categories that we are in, we are very open to that. As we have talked about before, we are very aware of all of the different things that exist. We look at a lot of things. At the same time, we believe we have a great business model and we don’t want to do anything that doesn’t really help us build there. I think that when you would see us do smaller things, it’s because we believe they fit within a larger platform or have a brand positioning that we can really build around. I don’t think we are going to be in the business of just getting a lot of disconnected small things that we can’t figure out how to knit together. So, we are very thoughtful about how we think the emerging consumer trends are and does that help us get into some of these different places. So, M&A is an important thing for us. At the same time, we want to be very, very thoughtful about how we approach that. I will let Michele talk a bit more about Krave and Brookside and some of her thoughts there.
Michele Buck: Sure. So, we feel good about each of those acquisitions if I look to Brookside, Krave as well as barkTHINS though that one obviously is early. And really, our strategy there is looking at how we can expand our portfolio to either bring in new users or new usage occasions, something that we perhaps aren’t able to do with our current existing portfolio of brands. So, we really think about buying a brand and a full proposition. As I look at Brookside, we have been really pleased with how we have delivered against that acquisition model over the years. We certainly have grown the business. It continues to be important strategically in terms of delivering and getting us more into the mass premium space. And right now, we are focused on consumers love the products. We have great repeat. And our next wave of growth there needs to be to continue to drive incremental trial and bring in additional users to that product that folks love. Krave, we are feeling good about. And if you look at all three of these acquisitions, as we create value, we certainly start by creating value by expanding distribution and that’s been the clear first piece of the model by achieving cost synergy and then third, by unleashing and expanding the brand and that’s really the model we think about each one. Krave, we have nearly doubled the sales on that, likewise, nearly doubled distribution and are feeling good about where our velocities are in the marketplace and the innovation pipeline we have behind that. And we are seeing similar results that would certainly again allow on barkTHINS. So, we feel like we have got a model that is helping us to continue to have a portfolio that meets the growing, expanding needs of consumers.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning everyone and congratulations, J.P.
J.P. Bilbrey: Hey, thank you.
David Palmer: As a follow-up on an earlier question, how would you compare the new cookie fused products to past innovation maybe in your consumer testing or the trade buzz, it can be compared against the platforms like Minis, Pieces or Reese’s Stuffed with Pieces or Hershey caramel? And I have a quick follow-up.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, all of the different things that we look at there, we believe they are consumer tested and we want to make sure that they are meeting a need. We have done a lot of demand landscape work that helps us think about where these products belong. And I think we are – I would tell you that I think the rigor we have and the new demand landscape work that we are doing is pretty exciting and it gives us some real insights into some of the things we are doing in our R&D work. So I would tell you we are very confident about the things that you will see us working on as we go forward. And I am sure that in March, we will reveal a little bit more of our demand landscape work and you will see where we are positioning some of these products. So obviously we have always been thoughtful and we are always optimistic, but we just try to get better every year. And we are pretty excited about the things we have in front of us.
David Palmer: And then with regard to SKUs, back in 2015 I think you were talking about SKU rationalization being part of the plan. Earlier in the year, it looked like SKUs were flat. Now, they are coming back up again. Are you in a good place with the trade on SKUs and velocities or how are you thinking about that as you enter into ‘17 and have new products coming on shelf? Thanks.
Michele Buck: So, we know that it’s a highly competitive marketplace and I think we are always trying to achieve that balance between having the right amount of news to fulfill those consumer and retailers’ needs and be competitive in the marketplace, but also balance that with being very disciplined and really making sure that we have got the right focus on profitable SKUs that allow us to deliver the best margin. So, I would tell you that we have got a lot of focus on that right now. We have continuing focus on that and we will look to continue to optimize there.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning, John.
John Baumgartner: Michele, just in keeping with the theme of generating your own growth in the U.S., how much more can you maybe lean into the seasonal businesses whether it’s in C-stores or other channels? I mean, that seems to be a reasonably incremental segment that Hershey hasn’t executed against significantly in the past?
Michele Buck: We think very broadly about seasons and seasons are really celebratory occasions. So, we certainly look to max out each individual traditional season opportunity, but we really try and think more broadly about how we can apply that model more broadly. So for example, the S’mores occasion is a great opportunity of almost – of the S’mores season. And then more recently, we built the birthday opportunity, which we just started shipping in the marketplace in the second half of this past year. It’s one of the reasons why Kisses is doing so well, because we have now found a way to get that Kiss and some of our chocolate products into a new occasion, where we really help create and shape that occasion for consumers and the need for our product during that occasion. So, we see that as one of the big opportunities just to continue to expand on that occasion focused strategy in addition to winning the traditional seasons and continuing to uncover new insights that allow us to do that.
John Baumgartner: Thank you.
J.P. Bilbrey: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. The last question will come from Steve Strycula with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning everyone.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Strycula: So, two quick questions one for Michele and one for J.P. For Michele, I think I heard you say earlier in the call that Cookie Layer Crunch, which you are excited about should be about a 1 to 2 percentage point lift to baseline sales in the fourth quarter. Is that right? And if so, should we expect it to kind of endure through the first half of next year as you kind of bump up that baseline into 2017?
Michele Buck: I don’t [indiscernible].
Mark Pogharian: I don’t know if we want to get into that level of specificity yet. I mean, obviously, the fourth quarter, you are backing into it, so it’s a little bit different. But a lot of this – it’s a big brand, a big launch and we hope to get trial and repeat. And then as J.P. loves to say, repeat a repeat. We will certainly provide more color there, but I mean it’s the biggest news on the brand in a long time. So let’s put it that way.
Steve Strycula: Great. And then J.P., a quick follow-up, just wanted to see – you commented earlier on the call that you are seeing broader based spending habit pickup across the income spectrum it seems like because you said traffic seems better in the stores. And I think this time last year, you are talking down saying traffic was a little bit of a pain point in some of your occasions. So, can you kind of explain the evidence as to why you are seeing kind of like a broader based pickup in your core consumer and even the category? Thanks.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, first, you have to take a step back and remember, with our brands, we have very high household penetration. We have high market share. And therefore, we can see across and we have ubiquitous availability. So as we look at all of the different channels and how consumers are – put traffic into stores and then how they are spending per trip, it’s all things that we follow pretty closely. And so you are starting to see such. So imagine that some retailers probably have relatively stable traffic on a going basis than others depending who their income cohorts are. You might see a bit of a different traffic pattern. So, what’s happening is, first, you begin to see people come back into the stores and then you begin to see the basket broaden a little bit. So, I just want to be cautious that it’s not as if everybody is out high-fiving. But as we talk to some of our retailers and as we follow those metrics, there is evidence that the consumer on a more broad base is having a greater frequency in the store. And then we follow what I would simply call the breadth of the basket or the trend – or the value of the basket and we are seeing some improvement there as well. It’s different by channel and you would see some retailers having different experiences. In some retail segments, still talk a little bit about volatility that they are seeing. But again, the good news is that fairly broadly, we are seeing an uptick in trips. And then as the economy I think continues to firm a bit, there will be some confidence around the spend of those consumers. And that’s part of what makes us optimistic about 2017 is if you think about the three elements of our business, seasons, the everyday business and then, of course, instant consumable, instant consumable is very much influenced by people obviously being in the store. We are going to have our products on the floor when they are in the store. When our advertising is working hard for us, you see that everyday business, which is a wonderful margin business for both us and the retailers, do well. So, it really comes back to these elements, Michele talked about earlier for us, strong innovation, making sure we have got the right marketing mix modeling and then the business model that we have talked about. And we will explain more in – when we get together in the spring. It’s really going to be the three buckets of focus for us as a company.
Steve Strycula: Well, congratulations on a good quarter.
J.P. Bilbrey: Thanks a lot.
Mark Pogharian: Well, thank you very much for joining us today. The IR team will be available for any follow-up questions you may have.
Operator: This does conclude today’s call. You may disconnect at anytime and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - Investor Relations J.P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Patricia Little - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michele Buck - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays David Driscoll - Citi David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Alexia Howard - Bernstein John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Mario Contreras - Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley Jason English - Goldman Sachs Chris Growe - Stifel Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Erin Lash - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Hershey Company’s Second Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. My name is Keith and I will be your conference operator today. [Operator Instructions] Please note this call maybe recorded. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the program over to Mr. Mark Pogharian. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company’s second quarter 2016 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO will provide you with an overview of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on our current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2015 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and the summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance within GAAP. Within the notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss second quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $13.9 million or $0.17 per share diluted which are primarily related to derivative mark-to-market losses and business realignment charges. These charges are defined in the appendix of this morning’s earnings release, which is available on our website at www.thehersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these items. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
J.P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark and good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. Second quarter sales and earnings performance was slightly better than our expectations primarily due to timing in the U.S. International and Other segment operating and marketplace performance was a bit greater than our expectations, and we’re making progress against our strategic initiatives. The integration related to the barkTHINS acquisition is well under way, and we’re excited about the opportunity here and how it fits into our broader Snackfection strategy. Work continues on the snacking insights and consumer market segmentation that I mentioned last quarter. We are making progress and I look forward to sharing what we have learned in the near future as it will be a catalyst of our go-to-market confectionery and Snackfection strategy over the upcoming strategic planning cycle. The feedback we have received from consumers to date is that sweet snacking, think chocolate and textural ingredients, as well as other food value inclusions, such as nuts, seeds, cookie pieces, berries, etcetera, are high value components that are a gateway to permissible indulgence and sweet snacking throughout the day. In fact, some of the initial work done here has resulted in an exciting Snackfection item that we will be launching late in the fourth quarter. Looking at U.S. marketplace performance, total Hershey U.S. retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending July 9, 2016 within the xAOC+C channels increased 0.5%, with market share off 0.1 points. This represents all Hershey manufactured products sold at retail, such as candy, mint, gum, salty snacks, Krave, chocolate syrup and snack bars. For the year-to-date period ending July 9, 2016, candy, mint and gum, or CMG, category growth was 0.8% and was impacted by a shorter Easter season. Non-seasonal CMG category growth progressed in the second quarter. However, it was less than estimated as we anticipated better results given both competitive and Hershey activity in the marketplace. For the 12 weeks ending July 9, 2016, CMG category growth was plus 1.2%. Hershey’s U.S. CMG market share in the second quarter was 30.8%, off 0.7 points versus the same period last year. We believe the initiatives that we are executing against in the second half of the year and into 2017 will result in improved marketplace performance. Our number one priority is to restore Hershey’s marketplace momentum within the very profitable U.S. market, where we have combined solid execution that leverages our scale with strong innovation and investment, our business is responding, more on this in a bit. Our response in go-to-market strategy to fast changing retail and consumer trends over the last year or so has not been sufficient to deliver consistent top line growth that we expect from our business. To overcome the current low growth environment that’s impacting much of the center of the store, we’re focusing on 3 important areas of our business model. That’s innovation, our marketing mix modeling and our cost structure. Innovation is a big opportunity for us. Over the last 4 to 5 years, we had good confectionery success. Some products over-delivered versus our expectations and are still doing well today. And some of the new items from last year have under-delivered with lower volumes than we modeled. While innovation is hard work, our best innovation has been tied to consumer insights coming from our demand landscape work and leveraged across big brands and platforms and driven by our go-to-market capability. Combining this work under the leadership of Michele Buck as COO will add both focus and speed to the process. As consumers’ relationship with food and shopping habits, have evolved we have tested different concepts of our marketing mix modeling. There continues to be a lot to learn with regard to efficiency and effectiveness as we balance our efforts across levers like direct trade, advertising, digital communications and consumer promotion. Technology will also play a role as we leverage predictive analytics and new tools that indicate the optimal ratio related to promotional spending and long-term brand-building initiatives. As I have said many times, we are a consumer-centric, brand-building company and we will invest in our brands and people. To do this and deliver on our financial commitments, we continue to examine our cost structure. We will deliver approximately $135 million in cost savings this year and at least $100 million per year from 2017 through 2019. Furthermore, we have intensified our focus on analysis of our global cost structure and business model to determine additional cost savings opportunities that we believe exist. While early, the initial work under way indicates that there are bigger opportunities to unlock these cost savings. Our overall goal in all of this is to create a streamlined structure that enables us to invest for growth and serve our retail customers and consumers in the most efficient and effective way possible while increasing our margins and profitability. Looking at some of our 2016 innovation and advertising successes, I am pleased with the early results related to the launch of Kit Kat Big Kat, Reese’s Snack Mix and Hershey’s Snack Bites as new products. Performance of our Reese’s Snack Mix and Hershey’s Snack Bites products has been strong and recent data indicates an acceleration behind TV activation. Additional gains are expected in the third quarter as canister merchandising constraints were lifted and we have more capacity that’s come online to meet demand. The Kit Kat Big Kat is an example of an instant consumable-focused launch combined with new core branch advertising, which is driving growth of the entire franchise. Big Kat is the number one new item at some of our largest customers and in the C-store channel it’s exceeding our expectations. And we are also excited about the Reese’s Pieces Cup, which will only be available as an instant consumable item. Demand from retailers has been double our planning. Product began shipping earlier this month and is available in stores now. As it relates to the second half of the year, we believe we will see a sequential improvement in our marketplace results over the remainder of the year, driven by new advertising copy, innovation and higher levels of in-store merchandising and display, starting in July with the Summer Olympics in Rio. Our company, for the first time ever, is an official sponsor of the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic teams. Packaging that proudly displays patriotic coloring such as red, white and blue lettering on our iconic Hershey’s Milk Chocolate bar began in the second quarter. And our namesake brand, Hershey’s, recently launched its first ever team USA named advertising campaign, Hello From Home, which is an extension of our Hello Happy Hershey mega brand campaign that we discussed last quarter. For this campaign, we have a trio of team USA athletes that includes gymnast Simone Biles; gold-medal wrestler, Jordan Burroughs; and 2012 U.S. Paralympic gold medalist, Mallory Weggemann. Reese’s is also participating in the Olympics with a new ad campaign featuring Winter Olympics gold medalist, Lindsey Vaughn, trying out various summer sports. To do summer like a winter Olympian added a lighthearted humorous campaign that shows Miss Vaughn attempting event including archery, dressage, fencing and rhythmic gymnastics, with just a bit of humor and spoof. Some of the other Olympic related activity that we are excited about includes our Krave Meat Snack adding swimmer, Michael Phelps and soccer player, Carli Lloyd, to its promotional team. Sponsorship of the U.S. Women’s National Field Hockey team in his bid to compete in Rio and to celebrate the success of team USA, we are providing fans with once-in-a-lifetime experience to congratulate the athletes upon their return from Rio during the special visit to the U.S. Olympic Training Center. This is a just a brief summary of some of the activity we have planned in North America that we believe will result in improved retail takeaway trends over the remainder of the year. Now for an update on our international business, where second quarter net sales growth was slightly better than planned and up about 14% versus last year. Excluding China, whose gains were driven by lower levels of direct trade and returns, discounts and allowances as well as the discontinued India oil business, constant currency net sales increased about 2%. I was particularly pleased with Mexico and Brazil, where combined constant currency second quarter net sales increased about 13%. And in both markets, year-to-date chocolate category growth is solid, up mid single-digits. In Mexico, our market share is off versus last year as we look to optimize product mix with a focus on global chocolate brands that will deliver sales, better profitability and market share growth over the long-term. In Brazil, market share was up slightly for the year driven by our focus on the Hershey mega brand and our differentiated portfolio that includes milk chocolate, Cookies ‘n’ Creme as a consumable and tablet bars and Hershey’s Mais wafer products. Net sales in India declined versus a year ago product due to the discontinuance of the edible oil business. The media invested brands Jolly Rancher, SOFIT and Hershey’s syrup, where we are focusing our efforts and investments, were up and continue to do well in the marketplace. In China, gross sales declined in line with our estimate. The summer months are typically the low season for chocolate consumption. China chocolate category performance in the second quarter sequentially improved versus the second half of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. In fact, the category was fractionally higher in June and we are cautiously optimistic that it gets better from here. We are executing against our plans to bring variety, news and excitement to the Hershey’s Milk Chocolates, Hershey’s Kisses and Golden Monkey and Munching Monkey candy and snacks brands as we expect will drive solid growth and net sales growth in the second half of the year. Over the long-term, we expect global economies and category trends to improve and that the investments in our international business will continue about and contribute 1 point of our overall long-term sales algorithm. Now to wrap up, we are a consumer centric, brand building company focused on innovation and growth in every category where we participate to satisfy the needs of our retail customers and consumers. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to analyze our cost structure as we look for additional margin enhancing opportunities that give us the flexibility to offset higher input costs and invest in our brand. We take a long-term focus and believe that investing in our business will benefit the company this year and well into the future. Now I will turn it over to Patricia, who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia Little: Thank you, J.P. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Second quarter net sales of $1.64 billion increased 3.7% versus last year, slightly greater than our estimate due to timing in the U.S. and better international performance. Adjusted earnings per share diluted came in at $0.85, an increase of about 9% versus last year, greater than our estimate due to the timing of investment tax credits, more on this in a bit, sales that were slightly great than forecast and lower advertising expense versus our previous estimate. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 80 basis points, net sales increased 4.5%. Net price realization was relatively in line with our estimates and a 90 basis point benefit. Lower International and Other segment direct trade and returns, discounts and allowances, as we lap year ago challenges in China, more than offset higher North America direct trade supporting in-store merchandising and display and related promotional price points. Volume was a 3.1 point contribution in net sales growth driven by North American performance. Acquisitions were worth 50 basis points due primarily to barkTHINS. By segment, second quarter North America net sales increased 3.2%. Excluding the 30 basis point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates in Canada, North America net sales increased 3.5% versus the year ago period. Volume was a 4.5 point contribution to sales growth and slightly benefited from the timing of select merchandising program net sales that occurred in the second quarter that were expected to ship in the third quarter. Increased levels of direct trade supporting greater levels of in-store merchandising and display resulted in net price realization headwind of 1.6 points. Acquisitions were 60 basis point benefit. Total International and Other segment net sales for the second quarter increased 7.6% versus last year and were better than our estimate. Foreign currency exchange rates were unfavorable by 5.5 points. International and Other segment volume was off 7.2 points due primarily to lower sales in China and the discontinuance of the edible oil business in India. Net price realization was a 20.3 point benefit as direct trade and returns, discounts and allowances in China were meaningfully lower as we lap the year ago challenges. Turning now to margins, adjusted gross margin declined by 120 basis points in the second quarter as productivity and cost savings were offset by higher commodity costs, including a favorable purchase price variance versus standard in the year ago period, unfavorable sales mix and higher supply chain cost related to the startup of the Malaysia manufacturing facility. For the full year, we continue to expect the gross margin will be slightly down versus a year ago. We remain focused on our cost structure. The productivity initiatives we have discussed over the last year are on track and delivering the targeted savings. Our efforts here are yielding further opportunities, as evidenced by our full year savings of about $135 million, which is now more than our previous estimate. Adjusted operating profit in the second quarter increased 2.1%, resulting in adjusted operating profit margin of 18.1% versus 18.3%. The decline in adjusted operating profit margin was driven by our lower gross margins. Total advertising and related consumer marketing expense increased about 5%, less than our previous estimate as we continue to analyze the components of our marketing mix modeling to determine the right level of direct trade, TV advertising, digital marketing and consumer promotion. North America advertising and related consumer marketing expense was up meaningfully in the second quarter and is at healthy levels in the second half of the year to drive net sales and retail takeaway growth. SM&A, excluding advertising and the barkTHINS acquisition, declined 2.6%, while unallocated corporate expense was lower by $200,000 versus last year. Savings from the business productivity programs and the focus on efficiency and cost savings initiatives that we outlined last quarter drove the declines although this was partially offset by the timing of employee-related costs and unexpected corporate fees that were about a $0.02 headwind in the second quarter. Now, let me provide a brief update on our International and Other segment. I am pleased that our total international business delivered on their Q2 plans. Adding to J.P.’s commentary on China, chocolate category performance in Q2 was in line with our forecast. We remain optimistic about the long-term outlook in China and for our brands. However, consumer spending still appears to be mixed. Therefore, our full year sales outlook in China is slightly lower than our previous estimate. Specifically, China gross sales are forecasted to decline in 2016. However, net sales are expected to increase 10% to 20% as we don’t anticipate the same level of direct trade, returns, discounts and allowances as last year. Constant currency net sales growth of core brands in Mexico and Brazil increased nicely. Excluding China, International and Other segment operating profit increased about 5%. Moving down the P&L, second quarter interest expense of $21 million increased $2.4 million versus last year. For the full year, we continue to expect interest expense to be in the $90 million to $95 million range. The adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 31.4%, relatively in line with our estimate and lower than the prior period – year ago period of 35.3%, largely as a result of investment tax credits. However, due to timing differences, the corresponding book expense for a portion of the credit investments, which is recorded in the other income and expense line, will not be recognized until the second half of the year. We estimate this was about a $0.03 benefit in Q2, but this is just timing. And for the full year, we expect to purchase about $50 million of investment tax credits, which should result in an adjusted tax rate that’s slightly lower than 2015. In the second half of the year, we expect the tax rate to be about 32% and other income and expense of about $35 million related to the corresponding book expense for the purchase of tax credits. For the second quarter of 2016, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 214.5 million shares, down 5.1 million versus last year, resulting in adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.85 or an increase of about 9.1% versus a year ago. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the second quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year’s second quarter by $5 million. Accounts receivable was higher by $40 million and remains extremely current. Inventory was lower by $3 million and accounts payable increased by $32 million. Total capital additions, including software, were $62.7 million in the second quarter. For the full year, we expect CapEx to be in the $265 million to $275 million range, about $20 million less than our previous estimate. During the second quarter, depreciation and amortization was $97 million and dividends paid were $121 million. In the second quarter, the company repurchased $117 million of common shares against the $500 million share repurchase authorization approved in January 2016. There is $100 million remaining on this authorization. In addition, the company repurchased $32 million of common shares in the second quarter to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $250 million, slightly lower than the year ago. As J.P. summarized, over the remainder of the year, we have a lot of innovation, variety, news and in-store merchandising and programming in the marketplace. And we continue to refine our marketing mix modeling to ensure we have the optimal level of direct trade, advertising and consumer promotion supporting our brands. Advertising and related consumer marketing expense is lower versus our previous estimate. We feel good about our marketing mix modeling investments in 2016 and believe we have the right balance of spend in second half of the year that will result in a sequential improvement in marketplace performance. The company estimates that full year 2016 net sales will increase around 1%, including a net benefit from acquisitions and divestitures of about 50 basis points and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates of 1 point. Constant currency net sales growth of around 2% is less than the previous estimate of about 2.5%, primarily due to our expectation of lower U.S. CMG category growth over the remainder of the year and macroeconomic challenges in China impacting purchasing behavior. The business productivity initiative announced last year in June and the incremental cost savings we discussed in April and today are on track. As a result, we continue to expect that adjusted earnings per share diluted will increase 3% to 4%, including dilution from acquisitions of $0.05 to $0.06 per share and be in the $4.24 to $4.28 range. Thank you for your time this morning. And I will now turn it over to Mark.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Patricia. Before we get into the Q&A, I want to remind everyone that we are here to discuss our financial and operational results for the second quarter and our outlook going forward. We know there has been a lot of market chatter surrounding Mondelez’s preliminary nonbinding indication of interest. As we stated on June 30, our Board of Directors unanimously rejected the indication of interest. We are not going to comment further on this matter. We appreciate you keeping your questions focused on our operations and our financial results. J.P., Patricia, Michele Buck and myself, are now ready to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. We will take our first question from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning, everybody.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning.
Andrew Lazar: J.P., can you talk a little bit about just where inventory levels might be, just given I think you had received a benefit in shipment timing versus consumption both in the first quarter and then also in the second quarter as you have talked about? And then what’s driving the expectation of incrementally lower CMG category growth at this point? I know you were more cautious coming into the quarter already. And I guess what are you seeing now that has you more concerned?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, Andrew. Michele and I will take a whack at that. Michele, you want to talk first about the category?
Michele Buck: Sure, absolutely. Andrew, as you know, as we look at the total box, both the total box and center of store were really soft as we got into the year and certainly in Q2 as well. We are encouraged that snack wheel continues to grow ahead of the total box and certainly that’s really – the marketplace in which we compete is that broad snack wheel. So you really need to look at our – kind of look at year-to-date snack wheel performance as the opportunity for us. We know that the shorter Easter-impacted the category this year. That’s really a – more of a one-time or every couple year impact. We have seen some more activity in some of the indulgent categories in the second quarter. And frankly, there was a little bit greater interaction with some of those categories than we had anticipated. And we do believe we have some opportunities to further optimize our marketing mix modeling, as J.P. discussed. But over the long-term, I guess as we look at the category, clearly over the past several years, the category has been running at about that 2.5% growth rate and we continue to believe that, that will be the outlook going forward.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. Andrew, if you look at inventories, we align, obviously, with our customers on where inventory should be. There is nothing different about that. And if you look at the first half in terms of takeaway as well as net sales, I mean, it’s largely in line. So, we don’t think there is anything there that would be different than what we would expect or what we planned for.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great, thank you and good morning.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll: So, Mark, sorry, I got two things I wanted to ask. The second one is super short I promise. The big picture question, J.P., is given that you have a formal bid can you provide some commentary on the margin potential of the business? So, it’s not a big question, but it does relate to these kinds of things. The question here is kind of what’s the upside to operating margins over time? And this really aids investors at moments like this in understanding what do they actually own and how to frame any and all offers when you are kind of – investors are put into that situation? That’s the big question. And then just a little one on the International segment, can you give us some thoughts on how profits flow going forward on International? Thank you.
J.P. Bilbrey: So, I will take the first part of that and Patricia and I can talk about your short one, but Andrew [ph], we are just not going to speculate around things that we would have to do with hypotheticals there. So I mean over time, we can talk about how we continue to be margin focused. You have heard us talk about our focus against the cost of our operations coming up. We talked about the $135 million we want to deliver this year. So I would just come back and say, as you know, we are a margin focused company. We want to make sure that our opportunities and our costs are well aligned and we want to continue to be able to invest in our brands and our people as we go forward. But as it might relate to something hypothetical, I just can’t comment on something like that.
Patricia Little: On the international piece, first I really want to call out that, as I said at the beginning, a piece of our over-performance on EPS was driven by great results internationally. We are very focused especially on China right now as they continue to sequentially improve their business. They also have a lot of focus on making sure that we have the right cost structure aligned to the opportunities in that market and they are doing a lot of work on that. So we continue to expect improved results internationally over time.
J.P. Bilbrey: Hey David, I am sorry that I said Andrew. They have told me here, so I apologize for that. Trust me I had your face in my mind perfectly.
David Driscoll: Not a worry at all. Thanks so much for the thoughts. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer: Thanks. Good morning.
J.P. Bilbrey: Hi David.
David Palmer: You released – you had mentioned marketing to authenticity and simplicity of ingredients, are consumers telling you that this is a friction point for your brands and for the category, are you solving that perception issue and do you intend to do a renovation of any of your products associated with this message?
Patricia Little: So for certain consumers in the marketplace, certainty authenticity and simple ingredients is clearly something that they are looking for And so our approach is really to think about our – the holistic portfolio that we have and make sure that we have choices for everyone along the spectrum, so certainly barkTHINS, clean label, simple ingredients and that appeals to that consumer. And as I believe you are aware, we evolved our Hershey product, which was very close to simple ingredients, took it all the way there and we are actually going to begin advertising on that in the third quarter. So we believe that certain products of ours, certainly like a Jolly Rancher, are never going to be simple ingredients. So we will have a full portfolio that gives consumers meaningful other choices.
David Palmer: And just a follow-up, is the Snackfection innovation that you are talking about for later in the year, is that an extension of the confectionery brand into healthier snacking and if so, do you feel like indulgent brands can move into better for you?
Patricia Little: So I would say that it is – the innovation that’s coming up is really what I would call Snackfection in terms of blurring – the blurring that’s occurring between various snack categories. Think salty snacks and confection or other categories, cookies and confection, etcetera. So it’s really leveraging the fact that consumers are looking for more of those complex eats and opportunities to play at the seams between categories. I think there – that largely our confection or hardcore mainstream confection brands will continue to offer primarily indulgent benefits. But there are some places where I think there is a little bit of crossover. For example, Snack Mix certainly has nuts, pretzels, etcetera and consumers are seeing that a little closer to having some food value than a straight chocolate.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, good morning everyone. I guess the question I mean just following-up on Andrew Lazar’s question, Michele can you just tease out for us how much of the category weakness or the category being sort of softer than it had been historically is coming from immediate consumption versus at-home consumption, I mean I guess the idea being it just seems like there is a vast amount of choice as a consumer goes to the front end with a lot of products that are near or somewhat close to what your base products are, so just trying to get a sense for how much of the work you need to do is really in getting immediate consumption changed or is it really equal, both at-home and immediate consumption? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean I don’t think that we are seeing a strong skew to one type of consumption versus the other. So as we look at our instant consumable business, it’s relatively flat. So a lot of that can be skewed by the support that goes behind the business relative to merchandising. And certainly, the clean floor policies have probably impacted the take-home side of the business a bit more. So we continue to focus on big scale events, focus on our core brands and core pack types, both in terms of take-home as well as instant consumables, but we aren’t really seeing a dramatic trend one way or the other on that front.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Alexia Howard: Good morning everyone. Can I ask about the recent CVS announcement that they are going to be putting quite a lot more better-for-you snacking in the front area of the store, I think they talked about replacing about 25% of the area that was previously targeted at candy, I guess what – how do you react to an announcement like that, is there a risk that those kinds of moves might spread elsewhere in the industry? Thank you very much.
Michele Buck: So first of all, we partner with our retail customers very closely, so announcements like that aren’t surprises to us. They actually look to us to help them to optimize their total box and their total sales across snacking. If you look at that CVS example, that – you might be surprised to learn that, on that one, for example, we are netting out in a neutral position from an SKU perspective. So as we have broadened our portfolio to have offerings like barkTHINS, Krave meat bars, think about refreshment portfolio, those are actually allowing us to remain neutral on an SKU basis and really just offering consumers broader choice, both for across the CVS portfolio, but also the Hershey portfolio. So certainly, it’s something that we are focused on. I wouldn’t tell you that it’s not something that we are – that we have an eye on. But we are really thinking about the fact that, that is out there and making sure that we have the right plans in place to continue to drive our confectionery and broader snacking portfolio.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Maybe to ask the U.S. consumption question a different way, just going back to your consumer analytics around segmenting out into various buckets, the loyalists, occasionalists and so on, of the categories’ deceleration, can you pinpoint where on that spectrum the pressure has really emerged, maybe as the first pass. And then as a follow-up, in terms of the course correction from here, how should we think about the need to maybe spend more back against the brands, either promo or advertising, given the substitute pressure coming into your – the snacking categories?
Michele Buck: Yes. So I would say I mean relative to the marketing mix, as J.P. mentioned I think we are really still working through with evolving consumer choices and the evolving retailer landscape, just really optimizing that mix. So I would tell you that we continue to learn every quarter. We have gotten more sophisticated models in place to help us to better understand the interaction between all of that. But that’s an area we will continue to work on and I think make some continuous improvement going forward.
J.P. Bilbrey: So one thing that I would add to that is that as we have seen innovation across the snack wheel, so remember what we said earlier is the box is up about 1.8%. Snack wheel is actually running ahead of that. And then there is parts of the snack wheel that are obviously outperforming others. And what you could link that to in almost every instance is the quality of the innovation. So I would actually say that has been a more critical element in a more competitive and space constrained world that that’s giving certain brands and categories an opportunity to be available and consumers are responding to that. But for me, the really good news is that the snack wheel continues to do well. We just have to make sure that we are working hard and winning our part of it.
John Baumgartner: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Mario Contreras with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning Mario.
Mario Contreras: Good morning. So I wanted to ask, with respect to China, can you give us an update on how you stand with your current distributors, are you satisfied with the setup that you have, are they meeting expectations. And then beyond that, given the recent Mondelez announcement about their entry into that market, do you anticipate any changes to your strategy or to overall category dynamics in the upcoming quarters?
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, in terms of any entrants into the category, the China market is still a young market relative to consumption per capita. So really, as long as we are all working hard on category development, that’s probably a good thing. So frankly, that’s how we think about it. In terms of our acquisition and integration work there, I would tell you that we are making really good progress against the integration. Some of that work is still continuing obviously, but we have really gone through and done the sales organization work and combined those. That’s gone well. We have taken what was the Hershey piece and the Golden Monkey piece and really tried to consolidate those distributors. So, it’s a bit blended from where we started with Golden Monkey and Hershey, but we really feel as though our go-to-market position is in the best shape that it’s been. We are selling things. So, as I like to think about it kind of in a simple way, are we making stuff, shipping it, selling it and collecting money? And all of those things are working for us. So, I think that the market in China, as you have heard from a lot of companies, is pressured. I think we would align with that. The consumer obviously has to show up, but we feel good about where we are at. And we will continue though I would say to as I have said before, make sure we are rightsizing all of our businesses to the opportunities. And certainly, we will continue to focus against that. And then as you think about the overall P&L, the impact of China restructure on our P&L this year is really relatively limited. So, we think that will continue to also help us as we go forward.
Mario Contreras: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Feeney from Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks very much. J.P., I wanted to circle back for a second on your answer to Andrew Lazar’s question on inventory, even though I am picturing David Driscoll in my mind. The – like you, I just – like you, J.P., I just can’t stop picturing him, but the – what kind of – when we look at like both the category and your takeaway, what sort of consumer takeaway in North America for the third quarter, fourth quarter, maybe into next year, do you have in mind when you think about the kind of – this kind of shipment growth going in? I am just trying to get – and what does that mean for kind of market share and what would be sort of good success metrics for you going forward for the next 6, 12 months there?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. If you think about the second half of the year and first of all, the inventory perspective I gave you, I am not sure I can add a lot to that. That’s certainly how it is. If you think about the second half of the year, with Halloween and seasons, we have very good visibility to that. We know what that’s going to look like. Same thing would be with holiday. And then also remember, as we have talked about a significant innovation in Q4, we benefit from the volume of that as we begin to build distribution and of course, the merchandising activity is after that. So, as we move through the year, you have the benefit of that volume that won’t necessarily be a piece of the takeaway, so you might have a bit of a disconnect there in the second half. It shouldn’t be significant. But as we have talked about our expectations in terms of the balance of the year, it does take into consideration the first half of the year and where we have seen the category growth be and that’s probably where you also have seen some of the moderation on the outlook and expectation there. I don’t know if anyone else wants to add something to that.
Michele Buck: Yes. I mean, I would just say we expect to continue to see kind of a slow sequential build in takeaway as we move further into the year.
Mark Pogharian: Yes. I think the fourth quarter will be better than the third obviously just because of our strength in seasons. And then to J.P.’s point, net sales, intuitively, should be a little bit better than takeaway because of the big launch that we have late in the year that we are getting to later.
Jonathan Feeney: Great. Well, thanks very much everybody.
J.P. Bilbrey: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Grainger: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the questions. J.P. and Michele, you talked about the pipeline of innovation that you have coming up in chocolate and snacking in the second half. And when we look at the CMG trends at a subcategory level, we are actually seeing some of the strongest growth in non-chocolate and your own sales there have been dramatically weaker. And I know you have been in a position of needing to be selective about where you are focusing your investments. But can you just speak to your approach toward how you are thinking about non-chocolate at the moment? Any concerns that you are starving that side of the business and losing too much market share in the short-term? Thanks.
Michele Buck: Yes. So, I would say yes to that question. As we made prioritization choices across the portfolio, we made a decision to pull back a bit in non-chocolate and I think we are reevaluating that choice certainly as we speak. I think we pulled back at a time that some others in the marketplace actually accelerated. So as we look to next year, we are certainly adjusting our approach. We think that variety and news are absolutely key and that’s really where our focus will be to dial up efforts in combination with the strong innovation that we feel really good about on chocolate, around things like core news, like Big Kat, Reese’s Pieces Cup and then big sustainable scale innovation on chocolate, like the big one that we have coming towards the end of the year. But you will see us dial up the focus on non-chocolate next year.
Matthew Grainger: Okay. And just I am not sure if it’s possible to talk more about timing there. I mean, how quickly can you replenish the innovation pipeline? Is that something that takes a few quarters or is it possible that it might – given where your efforts have been that it might take longer?
Michele Buck: Yes. On non-chocolate, I would tell you I wouldn’t expect to see activity this year. It will be into next year. I would rather not go into the specific timing just for competitive reasons, but definitely it would be a couple of quarters. We have a pipeline in place and so it’s really a matter of dialing that up and getting it into the marketplace.
Matthew Grainger: Okay, understood. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, J.P. Thank you guys for the question. So, a couple of questions. Let me start one sort of higher level. A lot of talk on the call and I have clearly seen the data of sort of shifting growth within – I think you called it a snacking wheel. I guess I have a question on pricing within confection. Is there any concern that price gaps between alternative snacking solutions may be an issue? And any implications in terms of pricing power going forward as we certainly see a number of your key inputs, moving higher recently?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. So, let me talk about the pricing piece a little bit and then we can touch again on sort of the snack wheel stuff. But I think what we have seen is that if you recall on the last call we talked about the number of new entrants that’s happened, especially in snack bars relative to the whole snacking space. And some of those entrants, I think have gotten trial not only because they are new, but I think there has also been a different pricing delta that the obstacle to trial has been lowered. And so I think the level of activity probably speaks more to what the net value to the consumer could have been across all of the different options and opportunities available to them. So I think going forward, while we are looking a lot at our whole revenue management approach and making sure that we really got that right, we’re thinking a lot about this particular question. And I do think there’s some influence there as there’s been trial in the category. And I would just come back to my other comment around innovation, is it’s is very clear that those brands and companies who have done well in innovation have gotten a disproportionate share of the consumers’ attention. And those – that’s the real quality driver, in my mind. So if you come back to what I said earlier, we are really, really focused against three things in our business model. And it’s the innovation. We are really looking at our marketing mix model, because based on the previous question, you are right, allocation and resources across different pieces of the business I think there are some things we learned there. And then of course we want to run a frugal business and invest in our brands and our people. And those are the three things I think you should take away from what we are really talking about today.
Jason English: That’s helpful. One more then I will pass it on. On the innovation front, it’s been a long time since we have seen a successful new candy bar launch sustain the market, so can you talk a little about what’s differentiated about this Cookie Layer Crunch product that leads you to believe that it can really be a sustainable success?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. Listen, why don’t I ask Michele to talk about that, but I think if you go back to how she talked about it within the seams of a pure confection and as you might think about other snacking opportunities, that that’s what we think is really unique about how this is positioned. We would like to see it source volume from maybe some new places that stretches us a bit from just the core, but I will let Michele speak to that.
Michele Buck: Yes. So our most successful innovations are clearly grounded in deep consumer insights, and we have certainly gone – leveraged a lot of insights and research as we have developed this proposition and feel quite good about it. As J.P. said, it really does play between those themes in Snackfection of marrying cookie and chocolate obviously. And also it really plays on some deep insights around palate. If you think about the kind of the creamy crunchy palate, sweet and salty we see in the marketplace has demonstrated a lot of growth. And we are seeing with younger consumers in particular, there is strong interest in complex eats that this really delivers upon that will provide incremental usage versus our portfolio, which tends to be more of a – kind of a straight, creamy palate. So if you think about the textural experiences consumers are looking for and the new users that we are able to bring in, we are feeling really good about it.
Jason English: I look forward to trying it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next, we will go to Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. I just had two questions if I could or just really follow-ups. I guess I want to be clear, back to an earlier question, if you quantify the effect on U.S. sales in the second quarter and like what could come out of the third quarter as you pull forward those sales. And maybe if I could add just a follow-up question to an earlier question, as you think about all these cost savings, is there a level of marketing you are trying to achieve or how should we frame at least the potential to reinvest some of these savings back into the business? Thank you.
Patricia Little: Yes. So let me start by – we are not going to quantify the sales impact, but I think you might be thinking it might be larger than - by the nature of your question, it sounds like you might be thinking it’s a little larger than it is. On the cost savings piece, we really want to look at all the levers of our costs. I think we have done a historically good job of looking at our COG savings. We continue to focus on that and that will actually be the biggest driver. We need to extend that into other areas, including our SM&A that excludes our marketing part of our business. And then on marketing, it’s going to be a combination of continuing to want to invest as a brand building company, but doing that in an ever smarter way and making sure that every one of those dollars works for us. The world is changing pretty quickly and we are just going to need to continuously reevaluate the roles of each of our – each lever that we have in marketing.
Chris Growe: Okay. And then just Patricia, one quick follow-up then, I think in the U.S., you had 3.5% growth and I look at your takeaway in the quarter, it’s around 0.5%, so I am trying to put those numbers together, am I looking at it the wrong way or...?
Patricia Little: Yes. I think it’s – because of timing of some of the things, it’s probably easier to look at it on a year-to-date basis. And when you look at it on a year-to-date basis, there is actually virtually no gap between our – there is a very small gap between our takeaway and our sales.
Chris Growe: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thank you. What can we expect to hear from you folks on your Analyst Day coming up, assuming you are still going to have it, do you think you will give us a little more clarity on the cost structure reductions that you are planning and maybe even some more details on all this marketing mix modeling and I think people are going to care Michele, if this is a message that advertising and promotion or really just advertising kind of comes down a little bit, I think we all remember 2005 and 2006 when it went down too far, so will you give us more clarity in that regard also?
Mark Pogharian: Hey Rob, I mean it’s Mark and I will let Michele and J.P. talk to those – to the business – some of the business drivers and investments that you referenced. As it relates to the Analyst Day, you are right there hasn’t been a date put out there. I mean there is obviously a lot of moving parts. And you know that we are absolutely focused on the business and doing all the right things for the near and long-term, as we continued to do. But as soon as we have a date, we will communicate it.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes. I would just very quickly talk about on the cost side, we have talked about very clearly what we expect in 2016. It’s a bit early to get into some of the specifics of the additional work that we are doing, but we are – we have a process in place and we are looking at all the costs and opportunities we have literally across the entire business, line by line. And we want to ultimately make sure that we can make up the investments in our brands, aligned with the opportunities that are in front of us. I think you will continue to hear us be very consumer and brand focused and yet at the same time, we will always be very margin focused. But we have to be able to afford those investments. But as we think it’s appropriate to build brands, I think you would see us want to be able to invest at within the kinds of ratios that we have talked about in the past. And as I always say to the team here, volume is the magic elixir. It’s a great category and we get really good returns on the investments we make versus our brands. But clearly, we have got to be driving volume to make that story look optimal.
Michele Buck: I would say our focus is really optimization. How do we optimize and continue to be consumer centric and brand building, so not really a big change in that piece of the business model.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you.
J.P. Bilbrey: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: And we can take that question from Erin Lash with Morningstar. Please go ahead, Erin.
J.P. Bilbrey: Good morning Erin.
Erin Lash: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up. There has been a lot of discussion about innovation on the call and obviously, you have expressed a commitment to bringing new products to market to drive category growth. But I was wondering if you could speak to the pace of innovation in terms of the timing and the ability to get an idea or a product from development to shelf, it sounds like some of your competitors and some of the more, I guess smaller niche operators have been bringing new products to market in a quicker fashion and I wonder the extent to which you have thought about, is your pace of innovation timely enough to respond to consumer trends? Thank you.
J.P. Bilbrey: Sure, thank you for the question. I think it’s more about the productivity of innovation than it is the pace of innovation. And so when you look at things like hand-to-mouth that we were very successful with and it continues to be productive for us, it’s what I always call sticky innovation. It’s innovation that lasts. It’s many times a platform and it allows you then to expand even across brands because you have identified a need state that’s really important. If you look at how we classify innovation, actually our numbers versus our innovation targets are actually pretty good this year. I mean it’s not that they are wildly different, but what you have to really achieve is that stickiness and then the thing that it gets you to the platform innovation. So we have a really good pipeline of things in front of us. And so I don’t think it’s about all of a sudden having to start focusing against innovation. It’s really making sure that we are bringing the right innovation to the market with the right investment and productivity. So that’s really how I think about it. And Michele may have something she wants to add, but that’s how I think about your question.
Michele Buck: No, I agree. I think it’s about quality and sustainability, just making sure that we have – we stick true to our model on that front.
Erin Lash: Thank you very much.
J.P. Bilbrey: Thank you very much for your questions today. Investor Relations group will be around for any follow-up questions you may have.
Operator: And this will conclude today’s program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Michele G. Buck - President-North America
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2016 Results Conference Call. My name is Lindy, and I'll be your conference operator for today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. This call is scheduled to end at about 9:30 a.m., so please limit yourself to one question so we can get as many of you as possible. Please note this call may be recorded. Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Lindy. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's first quarter 2016 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with a review of results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2015 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance within GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted or pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss first quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $27.8 million, or $0.04 per share-diluted, which are primarily related to derivative mark-to-market losses and business realignment charges. Both of these are defined in the Appendix of this morning's earnings release, which is available on our website at www.hersheycompany.com. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark. In North America, adjusting for the shorter Easter, we were pleased with our seasonal performance. However, non-seasonal candy, mint and gum, or CMG, business was below expectation. The non-seasonal softness was more than offset by the timing of some merchandising and programming net sales that occurred in the first quarter that were initially expected to ship in the second quarter, netting to on-plan net sales delivery in North America. Most of you are aware of the soft retail takeaway performance across most of the CPG sector in the first quarter, especially in February. Easter timing in the current and year-ago period makes it difficult to properly discern the current non-seasonal or everyday candy trends. As a result, our full year net sales forecast reflects a tempering of non-seasonal everyday candy net sales growth. As I'll discuss in a bit, North America CMG investments, including new products, advertising and increased levels of merchandising and display, accelerates in the second quarter and over the remainder of the year. Given the quality and level of these investments, there could be upside to our outlook. In the first quarter, we're pleased with the gains we're making in Mexico and Brazil. As expected, China net sales declined in the first quarter, and more about this in a minute. In January, I told you that we continue to look at our total cost structure. Building on that, today, we announced that we increased our annual savings target from continuous improvement and productivity programs from about $50 million to $70 million per year to about $100 million per year for the three years beginning in 2017. Using the midpoint of the historical target, the incremental $120 million in savings results in a three-year $300 million initiative that should enable the company to continue to invest in its brands, while also delivering its earnings objectives. We are off to a good start and expect that we'll exceed our initial 2016 productivity and savings target by $10 million to $15 million. Program savings will be generated from cost optimization across all segments of the business. Our focus on the cost structure enabled us to exceed our first quarter earnings expectations and deliver EPS growth versus the year-ago period. This morning, we also announced that we're building on our better-for-you snacks portfolio expansion strategy with the purchase of the barkTHINS snacking chocolate line. Since its launch in 2013, barkTHINS has quickly become a favorite snack brand, due to its commitment to using simple ingredients, fair trade cocoa and non-GMO certification; barkTHINS is a very attractive and uniquely crafted brand that essentially created the chocolate thins category, a new form of chocolate stacking. We look forward to building barkTHINS by leveraging Hershey's scale at retail. This acquisition builds on our snack strategy and complements our strong core confectionery portfolio, the heart of our company. And it adds strength and diversification to our offerings that allows Hershey to satisfy more consumer needs. In the current environment, customers and consumers may seem increasingly focused on other snack categories, but the $25 billion CMG category is the largest segment of the $85 billion U.S. snacks market. Customers and consumers, especially high-income consumers, are increasingly looking for snacking alternatives; however, confection remains one of the top-selling snacking categories, with household penetration of 94%. So, as you would expect, the majority of our time, efforts and investments are focused on the CMG category. For example, we've done some extensive R&D and consumer market research over the last year that will result in a meaningful new product launch by year-end. And the barkTHINS acquisition will give us a chocolate stacking platform, or, as we like to call it, snackfection, to build upon. We're focused on organic innovation and growth, as well as acquisitions that meet the needs of the candy loyalist; CMG's variety-seeking consumers who like to try new things and consumers looking for better-for-you reassurance. Looking at U.S. marketplace performance, Nielsen retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ended March 26, 2016, benefits from an early Easter. Recall, Easter was March 27 in 2016 and April 5 in 2015. As a result, CMG category growth was 8.7% for the 12 weeks ended March 26, 2016, within the xAOC+C channels. Hershey's first quarter CMG retail takeaway in the x-AOC+C universe increased 8.2%. Market share performance was in line with our expectations. Importantly, chocolate market share increased 0.1 point in Q1; however, this was offset by non-chocolate candy performance. As a reminder, the April Nielsen data will be impacted by the timing of Easter in the year-ago period; therefore, CMG and Hershey performance for the April year-to-date period will be less than Q1. Let me now build on my earlier comments and give you some details on our brand and in-store activity over the remainder of the year. Though we have already made investments, results have been solid. Specifically, Reese's market share is up 0.4 point in 2016, driven by new and refreshed television and digital marketing campaigns. Other brands that we're investing in include Kit Kat, where we launched a new Big Kat Kit Kat candy bar that is now available. And look for some interesting millennial-targeted creative TV and digital campaigns using a Big Kat, literally, storming the streets of New York. The Reese's Snack Mix and Hershey's Snack Bites instant consumable items are off to a fast start with industry-leading innovation velocities. They're highly incremental to our base business and we're following it up with take-home canisters. And we're also excited about some of the big in-store programming events, such as our classic S'mores promotion, our new Team USA Summer Olympics sponsorship and Hershey's cross-category in-store events, which leverages our new mega brand strategy. In the second half of the year, we'll also begin to communicate our simple ingredients message that will focus on Hershey bars and Kisses milk chocolate. And we also continue to gain share in gum with our category-leading Ice Breakers brand. We've added additional capacity to meet demand and will be supporting it with a new advertising campaign in Q2. This is just a brief summary of some of the strong activity we have in North America that will grow the business in the rest of the year. Now, for an update on our International business, net sales were in line with our plan. Excluding China, where we knew sales would be down year-over-year as we lap the slowdown that occurred after the 2015 Chinese New Year sell-in and the discontinued India oil business, constant currency net sales increased about 3.6%. I was pleased with Mexico and Brazil, where constant currency first quarter net sales increased 4.2% and 9.6%, respectively. And in both markets, chocolate category growth was in the high single digits. In Mexico, we're optimizing mix to focus on global chocolate brands and building on our Sigma relationship to accelerate coverage and share in the traditional trade. In Brazil, we're continuing to focus on the Hershey mega brand milk chocolate tablet bars, cookies and cream and the Mais wafer product. Constant currency net sales in India declined versus the year-ago period, due to the discontinuance of the edible oil business. The media invested brands, Jolly Rancher, Sofit (11:19) and Hershey's Syrup, where we are focusing our efforts and investments, both all increased double digits. As we enter the second quarter, a new chapter for Hershey's business in China begins, as we've merged the two teams into one united organization. Our initial plans impact some of our people in functions where there is some overlap. Savings here are not material at this point, but we're working towards balancing our business model in China versus our opportunities. Importantly, in 2016, Golden Monkey got off to a good start, with net sales below last year but in line with our plans and expectations. Most of these sales were made to quality distributors who paid cash on delivery. We're executing against our plans to bring variety, news and excitement to the Golden and Munching Monkey candy and snacks business. Confectionery innovation is focused on milk candies targeting young families, the better-for-me segment, and Chinese classics, while protein-based snacks is concentrated on additional bean curd flavors and the introduction of a vegan and soy sausage. China chocolate category sales in Q1 declined about 10%, the low end of our forecasted range. Given the slow start to the year, we adjusted our outlook for the year, but still expect double-digit net sales growth in 2016 as we lap the trade funds that were necessary in the second and third quarters of 2015. Additionally, over the remainder of the year, we'll be focused on establishing our new Houten over brand message (13:05) to reengage Hershey's and Kisses consumers. This is tied into a fully-integrated campaign including TV advertising, digital communications, and in-store merchandising that will bring the brands to life. While small, our e-commerce business in China continues to do well. In the first quarter, our e-commerce retail takeaway increased by 45%, driven by Chinese New Year gifting sales. We continue to outpace the category, and have a plus 10% share of the e-commerce chocolate market. Over the long term, we expect global economies and category trends to improve, and that the investments in our International business to contribute about one point to our overall long-term sales target. Now to wrap up. From time-to-time, there are different confluences in the marketplace that can impact snacks and CMG growth. Hershey has always navigated and invested in its core CMG business throughout these cycles, and has always ended up in a more solid position. We are a consumer-centric, brand-building company focused on innovation and growth in every category where we participate, especially confectionery, and we want to satisfy the needs of our retail customers and new and existing consumers. We take a long-term focus, and continue to believe that investing in our business will benefit the company this year and well into the future. I'll now turn it over to Patricia, who will provide you with details on our financial results.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, J.P. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. First quarter net sales of $1.83 billion declined 5.6% versus last year, relatively in line with our forecast, although partially due to the timing that J.P. referred to. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted came in at $1.10, an increase of about 1% versus last year, due to greater-than-expected productivity and cost savings versus our January estimate. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 1.2 points, net sales declined 4.4% and was relatively in line with our forecast. Price realization on seasonal CMG products was more than offset by increased levels of direct trade, resulting in a net price realization headwind of 50 basis points. Volume was off 4.3 points due to a shorter Easter season and planned lower sales in China. Net acquisitions and divestitures were a 40 basis point benefit. By segment, first quarter North America net sales declined 4.3% versus last year, due primarily to the shorter Easter season. Excluding the 40 basis point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates in Canada, North America net sales decreased 3.9% versus the year-ago period. Volume was off 3.7 points and the list price increase on seasonal CMG products was more than offset by increased levels of direct trade, resulting in a net price realization headwind of 70 basis points. As we mentioned in January, the direct trade was primarily related to programs in the marketplace; however, the aforementioned softness of everyday non-promoted items resulted in greater-than-expected unfavorable price mix. The combined Allan Candy and Krave acquisitions, as well as the Mauna Loa divestiture, were a 50 basis point benefit. Total International and Other segment net sales for the first quarter declined 15.4% versus last year. Foreign currency exchange rates were unfavorable by 7.3 points. The International and Other segment volume was off 8.4 points, due primarily to the net sales decline in China, as sell-in related to Chinese New Year season was lower than last year. International net price realization was a one point benefit, and the impact of the Mauna Loa divestiture a 70 basis point headwind. Turning now to margins, adjusted gross margin increased 20 basis points in the first quarter, driven by greater-than-expected supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable sales mix and other supply chain costs. On a net basis, commodity and packaging costs were slightly favorable. For the full year, we expect gross margin to be slightly down, as greater productivity and cost savings, and a slightly better dairy environment, at least for the time being, is more than offset by inflation and unfavorable sales mix, given the update to our non-seasonal and instant consumable candy outlook in North America. Operating profit in the first quarter was in line with the year-ago period, resulting in operating profit margin of 21.5%, an increase of 120 basis points versus last year. The increase was driven by gross margin gains and lower SM&A; selling, marketing and administrative expenses. Total advertising and related consumer marketing expense declined about 10% versus the first quarter of 2015, due to timing. North America advertising and related consumer marketing expense is expected to increase over the remainder of 2016. SM&A, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, declined 9.3%, driven by the implementation of the business productivity program announced last June and the company's continued focus on efficiency and cost savings initiatives. Now, let me provide a brief update on our International and Other segment. I'm pleased that our total International business delivered on their Q1 plans. As J.P. stated, we're executing against our plans in the key markets of China, Mexico, Brazil and India, and making good progress. Adding to J.P.'s commentary on China, chocolate category contraction was greater than our estimate. Our updated forecast for the year reflects a return to growth, albeit at a lower level. If the broader economy doesn't improve, there could be further risk to our full year china chocolate and Golden Monkey sales forecast. Distributor demand and net sales of Golden Monkey items have been consistent for the last two quarters, driven by programs and products that are leveraging promotions associated with the lunar calendar Year of the Monkey. Given the increased level of in-store programming and innovation, we expect similar results over the next couple of quarters. Combined with the higher level of trade promotion that we'll be lapping, we're targeting Golden Monkey net sales to increase around 20% this year. Moving down the corporate P&L, first quarter interest expense of $21 million increased $1.8 million versus last year. For the full year, we expect interest expense to be in the $90 million to $95 million range, greater than our previous estimate of $85 million to $90 million, due to the use of commercial paper related to the barkTHINS acquisition. The adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 35% and in line with last year. In 2016, we expect to purchase about the same amount of tax credits as we did last year, which should result in an adjusted tax rate that's similar to 2015. In the second quarter, we expect the adjusted tax rate to be about 30%, due to the timing and purchase of tax credits. For the first quarter of 2016, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 217.5 million shares, down 5.2 million versus last year, resulting in adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $1.10, or an increase of about 1% versus a year ago. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the first quarter, net trading capital decreased versus last year's first quarter by $25 million. Accounts receivable was lower by $63 million and remains extremely current. Inventory was higher by $25 million and accounts payable declined by $13 million. Total capital additions, including software, were $41.4 million in the first quarter. For the full year, we expect CapEx to be in the $285 million to $295 million range. During the first quarter, depreciation and amortization was $60 million and dividends paid were $122 million. In the first quarter, the company repurchased $304 million of outstanding shares. $20 million were repurchased against the $250 million authorization approved in February 2015, and $284 million were repurchased against the $500 million authorization approved in January 2016. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $286 million, slightly lower than a year ago. As J.P. mentioned earlier, today, we announced the acquisition of the barkTHINS snacking chocolate line. We expect that the acquisition will be dilutive in 2016 and 2017, primarily due to the book amortization of intangibles before turning accretive in 2018. The all-cash purchase price and the near-term earnings dilution is partially offset by about $50 million to $60 million in cash flow net tax benefits associated with the tax amortizations of intangible assets in the basis step-up. The tax amortization provides a future cash flow benefit. As a result, netting the benefit against the growth acquisition purchase price results in a deal multiple that is similar to other high-growth CPG assets. As J.P. summarized, over the remainder of the year, we have a lot of innovation, variety and news going into the marketplace. In-store merchandising and program activity is greater than last year. And advertising and related consumer marketing is expected to increase mid to high single digits on a percentage basis versus last year over the next three quarters. Therefore, for the full year, excluding unfavorable foreign currency exchange of approximately one point, and the barkTHINS acquisition of about 0.5 point, net sales growth is expected to accelerate and increase to around 2%. This is less than the previous estimate of about 3%, due to the previously-mentioned lower than expected U.S. non-seasonal CMG growth and macroeconomic headwinds in China. The company expects gross margin to be slightly lower than last year, due to unfavorable mix related to lower non-seasonal sales. The business productivity initiative announced in June and the incremental CIP savings are on track and should result in a reduction in SM&A expenses as we continue to leverage existing resources. As a result, the company expects adjusted earnings per share-diluted to increase 3% to 4%, including dilution from acquisitions of $0.05 to $0.06 per share and be in the $4.24 to $4.28 range. Before we open it up to Q&A, just a couple of thoughts on the second quarter; we expect constant currency net sales growth in Q2 to be greater than our full-year outlook; however, the impact of unfavorable sates mix is greatest in the second quarter and may result in gross margin decline of 50 to 100 basis points. Additionally, advertising and related consumer marketing is expected to increase the most on a percentage basis versus last year in the second quarter. This is one of the levers in our marketing mix model that we believe will result in improved pull (25:27) or retail takeaway in the second half of the year. Therefore, we expect that EPS will be pressured in the second quarter. Thank you for your time this morning, and we'll now take any questions you may have.
Operator: Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody. Thank you. Yeah, just one question from me, I think based on the full-year guidance change on sales that you've talked about, most of which seems to be in North America, I guess based on just some admittedly back-of-the-envelope math, I guess, it seems like North America would need to show, call it, 3% to 3.5% constant currency sales growth from here on out versus the minus sort of 4% plus in the first quarter. So I guess the question is just sort of how do we get from here to there, particularly if, I guess, as the press release seems to suggest – I could have it wrong – that North America takeaway is expected to be sort of flattish moving forward? Thanks.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So I think, Andrew, you're in the right ballpark on the April to December take to make. If you look at North America, it'd be probably a little over 3% to get there. So I think you've got that right. If you look at our plans in North America, they really do accelerate in the second half of the year, so a number of the investments that we've made really against a combination of innovation and advertising should begin to show up there, lots of solid in-store merchandising. So I think that's why we're optimistic on the second half of the year.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Please go ahead.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jon.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Good morning, guys. Thanks very much. I'm trying to understand how the advertising and consumer marketing expense changes this quarter effect of the quarter maybe the rest of the year. Am I right just going through some disclosures for last year, that for the full year, I see you disclosed advertising and then it gives us some rates of change that that advertising and consumer marketing together is about 13.5% of sales? Does that sound about right?
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah, Jon. I think you only see advertising in the 10-K, so there's other consumer marketing-related stuff that we include in the disclosures in the release this morning related to consumer promotion and some other in-store activities. So, I don't have that number off the top of my head, but I'll try and help you out later on.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Okay. I guess then just one clarification. Is all of that advertising and consumer marketing expense – and you're talking about year-over-year change – all of that actually expense or is some of those like net revenue items, like some of the in-store promotion costs, that would be recognized as offsets to revenue?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No. This is Patricia. That would be in the trade as a reduction between gross and net sales. The comments that we were making this morning are the pieces that are in the SM&A line.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Okay. So separately, when you made the comment that a little bit more trade spending, it looked like because of some change from quarter-to-quarter, some products that were initially expected to ship in the second quarter in the first, that wouldn't be reflected in that decline because that would be trade spending?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That's right.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That would be correct.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Great. Okay, that helps me out a lot. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning. I have actually two kind of specific, I guess, accounting questions. Maybe it's for you, Patricia, but I'm a little bit surprised that, unless there's some kind of patent or large foodservice component, why would the non-cash amortization expense be so high on this acquisition? And then the second, the change in the accounting, I guess, from comprehensive other income to what you're now doing, which is the exclusion of the volatility on the mark-to-market, so the $0.10 loss that you've excluded, was there a similar type of loss a year ago or how do we kind of treat that relative to how you've been billing it in the past?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, happy to answer that. Let me start with that one. So up until last year, we used and met all the requirements to use GAAP hedge accounting. That allowed us to put the volatility related to mark-to-market into our other comprehensive income, or essentially on the balance sheet. It didn't flow through the P&L. We proactively decided to go off of hedge accounting. You may or may not know this, but it's a very onerous FASB requirement to make. A lot of our peers have done this. And when we looked at the cost benefit of doing this, we just didn't feel that it was worth it, especially since the standard kept getting tougher and tougher to meet. So what we decided to do – and we talked about this, I think, in the third and the fourth quarter – is we would stay off of hedge accounting and allow that volatility to flow through the P&L, but we also want to call that out for you so that you can see that because it's volatility that's not consistent with the earnings that we use internally as well as prior periods. So that's why we adjusted it out in our adjusted earnings. So when you look at the impact in the first quarter, there was no comparable piece of it to be adjusted out last time. However, on an adjusted basis, the two numbers are comparable. We got there by different means. Going forward, as we lap all those quarters, you'll continue to see it coming out of the adjustment in both periods.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So you're going to exclude it from quarter-to-quarter and then in the fourth quarter, just have one big number, I guess, that adjusts for the year or something like that?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, every quarter is different and they net out. You can have a quarter where it's positive. You can have a quarter where it's negative. What we want to do is match the ultimate mark-to-market that we have on the hedging contract with the period that we actually buy the underlying commodity. So, for example, if we buy cocoa forward and in one quarter it might be positive, in the next quarter it might be negative, by the time we buy the cocoa, that's when we want to recognize the net impact of that volatility, so that it ties to the time that we're actually buying the cocoa and we get the net overall hedged price for the cocoa. And that's the most common approach now in CPG in terms of the complexity related to commodity hedging.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, and then, on the second piece, on the bark...
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Oh yeah, the barkTHINS, sorry. So yeah, we called out the fact that there are some very specific tax things related to the barkTHINS acquisition. If you net that out, you would find that we're paying really in the same kind of multiple for a high-growth CPG asset that we, as well as others, have paid in the past. Typically, that's a three to four times. And that, of course, since what you're buying in all of these companies essentially is a brand, creates the amortization of intangibles going forward, as well as other costs related to integration. But it's primarily the intangibles which get amortized over the period that the accounting requires them to, and that's what leads to the dilution.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks for taking the time. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just had a question for you, if I could just talk about the new or incremental cost saving programs. The level of incremental savings coming through, is that meant to offset inflation? And I should say, are the overall savings meant to offset inflation, with the remainder then sort of reinvested back in the business? I'm trying to get a sense of how much of this can flow to the bottom line and how much of this should can sort of be available for you to reinvest? And maybe if I could ask, just related to that, you talked about, I think, $10 million to $15 million of incremental savings in 2016. Again, is that sort of earmarked for reinvestment? I'm just trying to understand how those incremental savings are going to be used this year.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. It's Patricia again. So the way I think about it is this, we've always had about $50 million to $70 million of productivity that's come through, primarily in the supply chain arena. And those guys have done a terrific job of offsetting underlying COGS inflation, so we end up with flat or good margin expansion based on their efforts. What we've done, starting in June of last year, is we also had a productivity program that we announced, and have been executing on here more in our corporate functions. And we got some benefit of that last year, and we're going to get another $40 million of benefit from it this year. That's at the high end of the range, by the way, of what we announced. We've been over-delivering on that. And then, what we announced today is incremental savings, again in the SM&A category, of $10 million to $15 million. Now, as you know, most of our cost in SM&A, besides specific costs for advertising, are salary (35:39) cost-related. And we do have inflation, salary cost inflation and benefits inflation, that hit us every year. Think of that as it being about 3%. So what we'd like to do is be able to offset that, but, in general, we're focusing on taking that discipline and continuous improvement mindset that the supply chain guys have done so well, and really migrating that over to all of our corporate functions, to help them and help all of us, offset the inflation the same way that the supply chain guys have done. And, yeah, I would say that that absolutely gives us the fuel to have those marketing and other advertising expenses that we need to ignite the market and push that second half growth that we're looking towards this year. So it's absolutely a big help for us in achieving that.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just to be clear then, Patricia, you mentioned $40 million this year from a productivity program, so is it $40 million and then $10 million to $15 million on top of that?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That's right.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Well, no. It's, actually – we get $50 million to $70 million...
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Normal productivity, Chris.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: So it puts us at the high end of that $70 million. There's $10 million to $15 million on top of that, plus the $40 million, $35 million, or whatever it is, from last year's June initiative as well.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So think of it...
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: As totaling $120 million to $125 million, but also pointing out that the $70 million is at the high end of what we've typically gotten every year, whereas the other two are specific to this year, and less comparable to prior years' activities.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just a question, follow-up on the cost savings initiative, or the expansion of it that you announced this morning; think in the press release, or maybe in the prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about how maybe some of that might be related to China, but I guess it just seems like, given how different the sale, the revenues are in that business now versus the original expectations, that maybe there might be a bigger opportunity on cost savings. So can you just talk about, I guess, how much of the expansion of the savings program is related to China? And I guess, is there a potential that there'd be something even above and beyond, as we kind of look out into the future?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So let's – both Patricia and I'll take that. First of all, as we continue to look at our China business, you heard in my remarks that we want to balance our investments there with what we see as the opportunities. We know that the market right now is certainly challenged, but, at the same time, we're in the midst of working through our integration. We want to make sure that we make good decisions there for the long-term. And as we continue to get familiar with our overall go-to-market strategy and how we brought the two businesses together, we just want to be prudent, in terms of making sure we're making good decisions. At the same time, we do believe that there is opportunities, within our China business, to go further than we have at the current point in time. So I'll let Patricia, if she wants, to add any additional perspective.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The one thing I'd add to that is really pointing out the progress that's been made in bringing the two organizations together. While there were clearly some disappointments in our acquisition of Golden Monkey, the fundamentals of why we bought it are still there. We really like the access (39:09) to the traditional trade. We really like the two brands that they bring to us as Golden and Munching Monkey. And we think that's a very good complement to our strength in the three brands that we have in the chocolate business in China and our focus there on the modern trade, a little bit over-indexed to hypermarket, which we can certainly see in our results. So the team there has done a nice job of bringing that together. While that's generated some cost savings and, frankly, we're still looking and I think we'll find some more, I think the really important thing is bringing the two businesses together to exploit the strengths that they each individually have. And that's what I would add to J.P.s remarks about balance. That's the part that we're balancing.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Hey, J.P., the article in The Wall Street Journal today and also your comments in your acquisition point to a lot of strategic efforts to expand snacks, but the comments on the call are about slowing category growth in candy, mint and gum. And I'm just wondering. This seems like a pretty critical time for the category. You say that you need to re-accelerate the growth. Can you give us a little more color on this meaningful launch that you talked about in the back half of the year? What's the marketing objective of that launch? What's the risk that you're taking, the investment you're meaning to make, and are you worried that your core operations might take their eye off the ball a little bit if all of the efforts are on snacking? Thanks.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, first of all, thank you for the question. And I'll try to add as much perspective as I can. On some level, I'm not going to go into as much detail as you'd like, just for competitive reasons, but let me put it in perspective that snacks today, if you look at the pure snacking type stuff outside of confectionery, and outside of our grocery business, is really only 2% of our total business. If you put in those other pantry-type businesses, spreads, et cetera, it's about 9% of the business. So confectionery is at the core of who we are and what we do. What we've seen as we've continued to do some demand landscape work, is there's an interesting area around what we call snackfection. And if you look at some of our recent, like the Reese's Mix and Bites products, those have been terrific for us. They don't show up in our market share because they're actually captured in snacks, but we're very, very pleased with how we've progressed there. So I think that what you should take away is, is that we are very focused against our core, innovating around our core and executing against the fundamentals in a very competitive and changing snacking environment, but we really see an immediate opportunity in this area of snackfection for the company. And then, as you look at how consumers' relationship with food has changed, we recognize that the snacking continuum has grown. And so products like Krave, which we're learning a lot from and are very pleased, will always be part of our test and learn and grow strategies, but it doesn't take away from our core focus. And so around affordability, one of the things that you see is there's new users and consumer occasions that we see as a big opportunity. So confection has always been a part of snacking. I think there's been some confusion around when we talk about snacking, is if it's something different than confection. And the fact of the matter is confection has always been snacking with the biggest part of the snack wheel. And so as these new occasions arise and new opportunities arise for the company, we want to be able to take advantage of them, succeed with the brands we have and then also be able to expand in some of these new segments. And there's a significant blurring across this total snacking category that we think has added some of the lumpiness and challenges to the categories. You see so many new items and choices for the consumer. And I think as that all sorts out, the single most important thing for us is to continue to build on our brand relevance and the fact that consumers have relationships with our brands. And that's why we like to talk about being a consumer-centric and brand-building company. We don't think we've lost anything there, but we certainly would tell you that there's lots of opportunities and we have to be at our best to take advantage of them.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Can I ask a quick follow-up? Brookside Farms, the data hasn't looked very good. Can you tell us what's happening there?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think there's a couple of things and I'll let Michele join in here as well, if she has anything to add, but as we look at the Brookside brand, we've been really pleased with the growth of the brand. It's done terrific in terms of establishing itself as the number two or three dark chocolate brand in the category. It's got great repeat purchase of somewhere in the range of like 50%, which is really, really high. It's ahead of our acquisition strategy. Now, we have lost some distribution in the club channel. We also believe that as we have expanded it, we need to continue to work on the brand positioning some. And you'll see that we've got a whole new advertising effort there. And then, we also probably would tell you that we have expanded some of the offerings maybe a little bit ahead of ourselves. And we need to make sure that we just continue to work on the base brand proposition. So as we do that, we continue to have a lot of confidence in the brand. I don't know if Michele wants to add anything, but those would be my comments.
Michele G. Buck - President-North America: I think you covered it pretty well.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you and good morning. I had a couple of follow-ups and then a question. So just to be clear to Chris Growe's question, will the incremental cost savings be reinvested back into the business in 2017 through 2019? So forget the 2016 numbers. You answered that well, but I'm not clear on the 2017 through 2019 period.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I guess I'd say it in this way. It's a part of our long-term EPS guidance, but at the base of that long-term EPS guidance is an investment philosophy about growth in our core and adjacent categories. That's the fundamental driver. So I would say, yes, it's absolutely part of our whole algorithm. It needs to be a balanced algorithm between sales growth and cost discipline.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I mean, it's not a small number. I mean, at the high end, it's 3.5 points of EPS growth, so I appreciate that, but it's a large number. Second follow-up is on China, when I just do some rough math, I mean, it feels like that business is losing like $30 million in the quarter, something like that. I mean, I think all your other businesses are profitable, so it's quite a large loss. You mentioned, J.P., that you would align the cost to the opportunity, but really simply, are the savings that you would expect to happen in the China operations, are they embedded in this new cost savings program?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I'll start with that and then maybe J.P. can give a little more color around China. Yes, it's part of the $10 million to $15 million incremental savings that we announced. And as I think we've also made clear, we're continuing to look at balancing the cost structure against the opportunities in the market and then that may result in further savings going forward, but that's a work in progress and not something we were going to talk about or announce today. With that, let me turn it over to J.P. to talk about how he sees the overall long-term opportunity in the market.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think, David, there's a couple of things that I would say. First of all, China, for us, is probably an invest market for a period of time. While that profile may change, I think that we'll, for some period of time, continue to be in a brand-building type mode. Let me just take a step back and maybe clear up a couple of things in terms of how I view what we're currently doing in China. So the first, most important, thing we needed to do following the recent acquisition was just gain control of the business. As we've all been quite open and talked about, there were some surprises there and things that we weren't very pleased with, but we feel very good about the efforts the team has made and that we've gained control of what we have there. Now, we're in the process of creating a solid foundation. It's around org structure. It's around the systems we need to run the business and a big piece of the integration, and so that creating the foundation is really where we're at. And then the third phase is, is that we have to execute against the business we have. Unfortunately, it's a volatile market with some uncertainty right now, so when I talk about being balanced, we have to make sure that we can afford the organization structure and our go-to-market strategies there. But, listen, we believe in a merging middle class. We believe in urbanization. We think these are markets that, over time, we want to be in. So from a quarter-to-quarter basis, it may be tough to make some of those strategic decisions. And then, if we execute well, results come. And we'll be able to then do the things that we do well and grow our brands in the market and grow with the category and overcome some of these, what I would believe are more short-term challenges. I think, importantly, that's how I think about it. And so that's the best way for, I think, you guys to think about it, as well.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): If I could sneak one last clarification in, you mentioned in both your script and in the press release, there's the potential for upside to the outlook. J.P., it's kind of unusual when a company is reducing guidance to then mention upside to the outlook. And so I feel like you're really trying to tell us something here, but it's not that clear to me. Are you saying that Q1 trends are just kind of not representative and you really need to get into the rest of the year to understand where the sales growth is and you've taken it down because of what Q1 has done, but it's almost like you don't believe it or something with this upside to the outlook comment? Can you help me out?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, no, I think, David, what I would tell you is, is that as we look at the marketplace and what we see is happening in Q1, that we're being prudent in the comments that we're making. We're optimistic within our plan that we always want to grow share ahead of the market. And that's what we're going to be challenged with. And, again, if we also believe that we deliver against some of the other cost initiatives and things that we have, that we'll be able to meet the guidance that we've given you. So I don't want you to take that comment differently than what we've said with regard to our guidance, other than we have some optimism. And I'll let Michele talk a little bit about the second half and give you a sense of how she's thinking about it as well.
Michele G. Buck - President-North America: Sure. As we look at the year to go, we have a lot of activity. As you know, DMEs were not up versus prior year in Q1, so we've really lined up a lot of our investment with what's to come. We're rapidly expanding gum behind the capacity expansion investment we made last year. And the advertising, we have a new campaign that's just going on air now. Snack Mix and Snack Bites, we've actually been constrained and not actually even able to service enough. We've had to cut off all merchandising because of how well those items have done, so we're really going to be able to get behind that in a bigger way as the year goes on. Big Kat's just launching. We're a sponsor of the Olympics, which is going to be huge from a merchandising perspective. And, as we told you guys last year when we started to see some softness in share at the end of the year, we made a decision to invest to be more competitive. And just given the timeline it takes to get those dollars in the marketplace, that really kicks in beginning in May. We have the birthday execution that's really going to expand, so just a lot of activity coming in the back part of the year that we have a lot of confidence in, and we're cautiously optimistic about some of the potential anomalies we may have seen in Q1 in February, but we want to be prudent about the marketplace and balancing that with the aggressive programming we have rest of year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Patricia, I just wanted to better understand the approach toward trade spending. Over the balance of the year as you talked about direct trade that was already in place, that seems to have been a headwind to pricing, but not necessarily a material source of support on the non-seasonal side. So given that, are you comfortable with the returns you're getting on incremental promotion? And how does this play into the outlook for trade spending, specifically on promoted price points, over the balance of the year – not on the new product offerings?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, we're comfortable. Of course, we're always looking at that. Michele and her teams do a great job of balancing out the right ways to do trade promotion, merchandising, advertising. I mean, it needs to be a holistic marketing model, and I think she's doing a good job on that. And I'll let her talk a little bit more about how she's thinking about trade promotion.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah. One thing on the math, sorry.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Oh, go ahead.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Sorry, Patricia. It's Mark, Matt. One thing to think about, though, I think in the release and in the remarks, I think you could tease out, but hopefully you teased out that some of the programming that we thought was going ship in April shipped in March. So with that comes some typical promotion – not discounting, but typical promotion. And because that replaced what we thought at the time was going to be everyday or non-promoted prices, that's the negative impact you're seeing on the price mix. So it's not because there was a lot of trade because of deep discounting or anything, it was just that mix that ended up happening in the first quarter that had price being negative at the end of the day. Sorry, Michele.
Michele G. Buck - President-North America: No. No, that's okay. And as I think we mentioned on the prior question, the incremental investments we've made to really drive against merchandising begin middle of Q2 to hit the marketplace, and a lot of big events like Olympics, et cetera, that we're investing in, the ability to merchandise Snack Mix, as I mentioned. So I think we've covered that.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And your next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Ken.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I just had two follow-up questions. One is, what is the opportunity in barkTHINS in terms of, it's $65 million to $75 million? How big could it actually become, and what are you thinking about the possibility for that? And what are the avenues for growth for that? I'm just trying to figure out, is it just distribution? What is the actual outlook for that business?
Michele G. Buck - President-North America: Yeah. We think we have the opportunity. I mean, it's a very viable consumer proposition that's grounded in the very on-trend area of clean label and fully sustainable profile. It's a less sweet kind of taste profile. So yeah, we think we have the opportunity to take a great proposition and leverage our Hershey muscle and scale to expand distribution to make it more available, and also to increase brand awareness. I would liken it somewhat to Brookside, and what we did with Brookside when we purchased that. It allows us strategically to expand into mass premium, to have a product that is very well-liked by Millennials, and to capture that opportunity to just expand beyond that.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then, my next question just is, how do you decide on what you think is structural versus short-term issues? And what evidence do you have that says some of these issues are short-term? I'm just trying to figure out where you guys are coming from, in terms of – how your long-term growth strategy in terms of sales, but you keep on saying there's some headwinds and they're short-term. I'm just trying to figure out how you think about them as being short-term versus structural, and what evidence do you have?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well I think that, if you look across what's happening in the total space, I think these are more cyclical versus structural issues. We continue to have a lot of enthusiasm for all the advantages of the category that we're in. I think if you look at the history of, I'll call it, snacking as well as confectionery, it's always been changing. You've seen a number of different types of trends and things in the market. I think one of the events that makes this current period of time unique is the amount of choice that there is in the market relative to what I think we've historically seen. That means that trial has moved around a lot. At the same time, you have some different things impacting retailers. And we've come out of a period of time of some uncertainty in economies. And so I think all of those things have made it a more challenging environment, but I don't think those are structural things, where major changes have taken place. Now you've heard me talk about, consumers have a changing relationship with food. So much of that is really around transparency as much as it is anything else, where people are wanting to understand ingredients better than they ever have before. And as manufacturers, we're all responding to that. Certainly we are as well. But, as I take a step back and just look at the overall industry as well as the category that we compete in, I think many of the things that are happening are far more cyclical than I would think about them as structural.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, good morning, Alexia.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. So are you able to estimate the underlying CMG category growth in North America if you flush out all the timing shifts and so on? Are you able to get at that number? And as a quick follow-up, can you comment on how you're planning to respond to the Vermont requirement for the mandatory labeling of foods containing genetically modified ingredients that's due to come in in July? Thank you very much.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So, I'll start with the latter and then go to the first part of your question. So, I'll speak specifically to Hershey. We have products that will need to meet the Vermont labeling requirements of, contains GMO ingredients. And then we have some products that don't need to be labeled. So appropriately, we will abide by what's happening in Vermont and label as appropriate. And then, I hope that, at the Federal level, there's clarity brought to this question, because it becomes an interstate commerce issue. If you have different states taking different approaches, it would make it very confusing for manufacturing, manufacturers. And so I do hope that there's some clarity around how labeling happens if it's a required on a broader basis. And then, as you know, we've committed to transparency. We're very big supporters of SmartLabel, which gives consumers the ability to engage with our brands and understand what are in the ingredients, et cetera. So that's how we'll deal with Vermont. And then on the category growth rate, I'll let Michele talk to that with regard to North America.
Michele G. Buck - President-North America: Yeah, so we're estimating that the category growth rate in North America would between 2% and 2.5%, which is about where we've seen it over the past couple years, a little bit on the lighter side if we go down to the 2% range. We anticipate that our takeaway will be greater than that, such that we will gain a little bit of share. And obviously, with the Easter timing issue that occurred on a year-to-date basis and some of the softness that we saw in Q1, we are still waiting to see how that plays out, but that's our long-term estimate is 2% to 2.5% and that's what we're thinking it'll be for the year.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we have time for one more call and then we'll call it a morning.
Operator: And your final question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Morning, John.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for the question. J.P. or Michele, just sticking with the trade promotion bigger picture, if I look at your promotion as a percentage of sales, in 2015, it wasn't much higher than the levels you were spending seven or eight years ago, yet the broader category snacking environment's much more competitive. I mean, how would you assess your current levels of trade spend and maybe your thoughts on the notion that Hershey's is going to be under-investing a bit in promo, given the impulse nature of the category?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, again, we can kind of tag team this, but I do think that we are seeing a more competitive environment than we have seen for a period of time. We know that in 2015, we probably lost a little bit on quality merch versus where we'd have liked to have been. And so as we look at the opportunities and landscape in 2016, we don't want to have that happen to us again. One of the comments I would just make is, is that there's less space as retailers have clean floors, so the competitiveness to get that space is not just within our category. It's really across multiple categories. And that's put a premium on the cost of, I'll call it, doing business in some classes of trade.
John Joseph Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, J.P. Thanks for the question
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, thank you.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you very much for joining us this morning, and the IR team will be available for any follow-up calls that you may have.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you, and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations John Bilbrey - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Patricia Little - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michele Buck - President, North America
Analysts: John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ken Goldman - JPMorgan Securities Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Research Alexis Bornin - Citigroup Smith Barney Jason English - Goldman Sachs Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research, LLC. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston Pamela Kaufman - Morgan Stanley David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company’s Fourth quarter 2015 results conference call. My name is Keith, and I will be your conference operator for today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question, so we can get to as many of you as possible. Please note this call may be recorded. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company’s fourth quarter 2015 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session with them; Michele Buck, President, North America and Myself. Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on our current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2014 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 4Q results, excluding net pre-tax charges of $39 million, or $0.10 per share-diluted, primarily related to the productivity initiative announced in June, a non-service related pension expense, and acquisition and integration charges. Our discussions of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark. We made progress against many of our strategic initiatives in 2015. And despite a difficult environment in the second-half of the year, we delivered adjusted earnings per share diluted growth within the targeted range we provided during our second quarter conference call. Fourth quarter net sales on a constant currency basis was slightly below our expectations and declined about 3%. North America gross margin expansion resulted in solid operating profit growth and we continue to hold the line on overall expense control. Hershey U.S. CMG retail takeaway sequentially improved from Q3 to Q4, and increased plus 2.5%, although market share was up about 0.2 point. Seasonal performance was good and we gained market share in both Halloween and holiday. Our fourth quarter marketplace performance was similar to the full-year. Specifically combined fourth quarter retail takeaway at one of our largest retailers and within the dollar and drug channels was a solid plus 6%. The drug class of trade was driven by our precision initiatives, while the other two channels were winners from a consumer trips perspective. However, in the remaining channels, our combined retail takeaway was only slightly up, while small, we also had meaningful gains in non-measured channels, such as e-commerce and food service. For the full-year, Hershey U.S. CMG retail takeaway increased 2.4% and was largely in line with category growth. As a result for the 52 weeks ended December 26, 2015, Hershey U.S. market share was an industry-leading 31.3%. Following a period of relatively consistent marketplace success where we outperformed the category, our momentum slowed in the second-half of 2015, and was relatively in line with the CMG category as a result of increased competitive activity within CMG and broader snacks. Over the last three years, the average growth rate of the CMG category was about 2.3% below the long-term historical average of 3% to 4%. As we previously discussed the category is being impacted by many of the same issues facing other food categories, including changing shopping habits like channel shifting, increased competitive activity and some retailers adjusting their merchandising practices, and a proliferation of broader snack SKUs. As a result going forward, we estimate that CMG category growth will be in the 2.5% to 3% range. Our goal is to outpace the category and gain share on an annual basis. Additionally, we have good visibility into our developing snacks portfolio and expect positive sales contributions from it in 2016. Given our solid CMG position in North America and the investments we will continue to make in our snacks business, we expect our North America segment to generate long-term constant currency annual net sales growth of 3% to 4%. As we look to 2016 and beyond, we’re taking actions that we believe will enable us to regain our North America marketplace momentum over our strategic planning cycle. Some of the things you’ll see in the marketplace in 2016 to address broader snacking, income bifurcation, and lower trips include a broad-based launch of substantial snacking items, including Brookside Bars, Snack Mix, and Snack Bites canisters, as well as increased distribution of Krave meat snacks. You’ll see incremental investments related to core CMG merchandising in display activity and the introduction of branded pods that bring our brands to life in-store. Although note that this will result in higher trade promotion as we strive to maintain the right mix of quality merchandising and related promotional price points. We’ll also launch Cadbury Chocolates to the stand-up pouch targeting the mass premium market and begin a 500 store test featuring Scharffen Berger and Dagoba organic brands. And we’ll introduce Allan Candy sugar confectionery items in peg bags to appeal to a cost conscious consumer. This is just a brief summary, excuse me, of some of the activity we have in North America this year. Now for an update on our international business. In late December, we reached an agreement to acquire the remaining 20% of Shanghai Golden Monkey. The acquisition is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2016 subject to government approval. While the category in business has experienced slower growth, we’re committed to the China market and the acquisition of Golden Monkey is important to Hershey’s future growth. We believe in the complementary advantages of Hershey and Golden Monkey and the opportunity that we have with these businesses together. Earlier this month we kicked off the year of the Golden Monkey campaign. The key elements of the campaign include activating TV and mobile advertising and executing merchandising and display at retail. This is well underway, as it started in early January. Our China Chocolate fourth quarter net sales results were less than our expectations, as we adjusted our sell-in for Chinese New Year given category softness. In Q4, the contraction of the China Chocolate category accelerated and was down about 13%. As a result for the full-year, the category was about flat versus last year. In a slowing category and our overweighting in hypermarkets, this has impacted our performance negatively. In 2015, Hershey retail takeaway was off a 11% and market share declined 1.1 points to 8.5%. Similar to what we discussed over the last year, category performance is being impacted by macro economic issues and the related impact it’s having on consumer shopping behavior and confidence. And given the China news flow that we’ve all seen, it continues to be difficult to gauge the consumers behavior. We’re focused on the integration of our businesses in building distribution on our portfolio. And while small, our e-commerce business in China is a bright spot. In the fourth quarter, our e-commerce business increased over 75%, driven by solid China singles day performance. For the year, our China Chocolate e-commerce retail takeaway outpaced the category. In 2016, we’ll continue to invest in our e-commerce platform, increase Brookside distribution and trial, and focus on channel development. In Mexico, net sales in local currency for the quarter were about flat versus previous year. For the full-year, local currency sales increased 6%. Within the chocolate category, we’re seeing investments by all major manufacturers in a form of new products in core brand investments. As a result, our chocolate marketplace performances lagged the category. Chocolate market share in the modern trade in Mexico for the year is off as our retail takeaway of about 4%, lagged category growth of about 12%. In 2016 within the modern trade, we’ll concentrate on portfolio core chocolate Hershey’s and Kisses franchises and our small but profitable grocery branded items. Our traditional trade initiative with Sigma is progressing, and we expect our market share here to improve this year. In Brazil, local currency net sales in Q4 were slightly down versus last year, given the macroeconomic environment and competitive activity. In 2015, we were the fastest growing chocolate company in Brazil, as retail takeaway increased about 13%, resulting in a share gain of 0.2 point. In 2015, we successfully exited Bauducco JV and established our own sales team and secured logistics agreements. In 2016, we expect the growth will be driven by Hershey’s brand mainly through pricing and core innovation. Constant currency net sales in India declined in line with estimates around the phase out of our edible oils products. This completes our transition to a confectionery and snacks-based portfolio. We believe the macroeconomic environment and competitive activity in the international markets where we operate will continue to be a headwind for the chocolate category and Hershey in 2016. Therefore, we estimate constant currency international and other segment net sales growth of mid to high single digits in 2016. Over the long-term, we expect global economies when category trends to improve and our national business – and our international business on a constant currency basis will contribute about one point to our overall long-term sales target. Despite the aforementioned macroeconomic issues facing consumers and competitive activity, we believe the global confectionery category will continue to grow. We’ll continue to invest in our core brands in the U.S., as well as capabilities related to knowledge and insights. And despite the slowdown in the international markets, we will build on the strategies that we’ve established, as they will benefit the company over the long-term. We’ll also make incremental investments in our existing snacks platform, as it will provided us with another lever of growth. These initiatives should enable us to achieve long-term constant currency net sales growth of 3% to 5%. Given the scale advantages of our North America business and a balanced approach to international investments, the company expects to generate long-term earnings per share diluted growth of 6% to 8%. Patricia will provide you with all of financial details that we believe are innovation, advertising, consumer investments and insights, work within our confectionery and snacks business should enable us to deliver on our 2016 objectives. Although note that sales and earnings will build throughout the year, as our Q1 profile will continue to be pressured. For the full-year, excluding unfavorable foreign currency exchange of about 1 point, constant currency net sales growth is expected to be around 3%, resulting in an increase of adjusted earnings per share diluted of about 6%. As we look to the long-term, I remain encouraged by our prospects. Hershey has many opportunities to leverage its U.S. scale, global brands, and core capabilities. Additionally, we’re continuously examining our manufacturing footprint and overall cost structure and believe opportunities exist to maintain and improve margins. Our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong and we’ll continue to be disciplined in open to sources of growth via M&A. I’ll now turn it over to Patricia, who will provide you with some additional details on our financial results.
Patricia Little: Thank you, J.P. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Fourth quarter net sales of $1.91 billion decreased 5% versus last year and generated adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.08, an increase of 3.8% versus last year. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 1.9 points, net sales declined 3.1%. Pricing and net acquisitions and divestitures were 1 point and a 40 basis point benefit respectively, offset by 4.5 points of lower volume, due to slightly lower sales in North America versus estimates and the expected sales decline in China. Fourth quarter North America net sales were slightly below expectations, due to a decline in spreads and baking chips sales due to increased competitive activity. Our focus on inventory levels at select retailers most likely looking to manage working capital and slightly lower seasonal sales than anticipated. Excluding the 1 point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates in Canada, North America net sales increased 1.2% versus the year-ago period. Net price realization in this segment was a 2.3 point benefit and volume was off 1.4 points. On a net basis, the Allan Candy and Krave acquisitions in the Mauna Loa divestiture were 30 basis point benefit. Total international and other segment net sales for the fourth quarter declined about 27% versus last year. Foreign currency exchange rates and trade promotion were unfavorable by 5.7 and 4.2 points, respectively. In October, Shanghai Golden Monkey acquisition sales were 1.1 point benefit. The international and other segment core business volume was off about 18 points, due primarily to the Chinese chocolate business and Golden Monkey November and December performance that was less than a year-ago. Turning now to margins. Adjusted gross margin increased 80 basis points in the fourth quarter, however, this was less than our forecast. Gross margin expansion was driven by net price realization, which was off versus our estimates. Supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives partially offset by obsolescence, other supply chain costs due to lower volumes and slightly higher commodities. We did benefit from lower dairy, however, this was offset by the higher cost of simple ingredients. We called during fourth quarter, we nationally debut Holiday Hershey’s Kisses Milk Chocolates and Hershey’s Milk Chocolate Bars made with simple ingredients and no artificial flavors. These are some of the first products in Hershey to transition to simple ingredients of commitment announced last year. Operating profit in the fourth quarter increased 1.3% versus last year, resulting in operating profit margin of 19.9%. The increase was driven by gross margin gains and lower SM&A, selling, marketing and administrative expenses. SM&A excluding advertising and related consumer marketing and acquisitions and divestitures declined 5.9%, driven by the implementation of the business productivity initiative announced in June and the company’s continued focus on nonessential SM&A spending. Total advertising and related consumer marketing expense declined around 7% versus the fourth quarter of 2014; driven by planned reductions in international spending. North America on-air advertising was higher in the fourth quarter, although advertising and related consumer marketing expense for the quarter was in line with the year ago period, as production costs were less than anticipated. For the full-year, North America advertising and related consumer marketing expense increased 3.1%. Now, let me provide a brief update on our international business. As J.P. mentioned earlier, we reached an agreement in late December to acquire the remaining 20% of Shanghai Golden Monkey. The agreement is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2016, subject to government approval. We are concentrating on bringing the businesses together and focused on optimizing the structure for top line growth. This is still a work in progress and we’ll share our plans with you in the future. In the near-term, the business will not get back to the operating income level of 2014, and will be a drag on total company operating profit in 2016. China chocolate category performance continues to be below the historical growth rate of a 11% to 12%. In fourth quarter, the China chocolate category was down about 13%, as marketplace trends slowed across all channels affecting all major manufacturers. This contraction impacted our Chinese New Year sell-in, China chocolate category growth in 2016 is expected to be flat to slightly up versus 2015. We estimate that our retail takeaway will be relatively in line with category performance. In 2016, our China chocolate operating loss is expected to improve versus 2015, as we expect trade promotion to be lower. However, margins will be pressured, given the decline in growth sales volume. Mexico fourth quarter net sales in local currency were about flat versus last year. For the full-year, local currency sales increased 6%. Brazil fourth quarter local currency net sales were down slightly versus last year, given the tough macroeconomic environment and competitive activity. As a result, we are managing our costs and focusing on core brand SKUs that we think will enable us to improve our profitability in these two markets. India fourth quarter local currency sales declined about 60%, and we are in line with estimates, as we phased out sales of edible oils at the end of the third quarter. We expect this to continue to be a headwind for the first eight months of 2016. Moving down to P&L, fourth quarter interest expense of $19.2 million declined $2.1 million versus last year, or 9.7%. For the full-year, interest expense was $76 million and was in line with our previous estimate. In 2016, we expect interest expense to be about $85 to $90 million. The adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 29.3% and 33.2% for the full-year, slightly better than our estimates. In the fourth quarter, we recorded $25 million within the other income and expense line related to the previously mentioned U.S. Government investment tax credits. In 2016, we expect to purchase about the same amount of tax credits as we did last year, which should result in an adjusted tax rate that’s similar to 2015. For the fourth quarter of 2015, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 219 million shares, down 5 million versus last year and about a $0.02 benefit in the quarter, resulting in adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.8, or an increase of 3.8% versus a year ago. Now, let me provide a quick recap of year-to-date results. Year-to-date net sales decreased 0.5%. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates, net sales increased 1.1% versus a year ago period. Operating profit increased 1.8%, resulting in operating profit margin of 20%. Year-to-date, adjusted gross margin was 46% versus 44.9% last year, or a 110 basis points higher as a result of net price realization and supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by higher input costs and slightly higher commodity costs. Year-to-date, adjusted earnings per share diluted increased about 3.5% to $4.12 per share. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the fourth quarter, net trading capital decreased versus last year’s fourth quarter by $40 million. Accounts receivable was higher by $2 million and remains extremely current. Inventory was lower by $50 million and accounts payable declined by $8 million. Total capital additions, including software were $119 million in the fourth quarter and $357 million for the year in line with our forecast. This included capital related to the manufacturing facility in Malaysia. In 2016, we expect CapEx to be in the $285 to $295 million range. During the fourth quarter, depreciation and amortization was $62 million and dividends paid were $123 million. No shares were repurchased in the fourth quarter under approved program and to-date $230 million of outstanding shares have been repurchased against the $250 million authorization approved in February 2015. For the full-year, the company repurchased $403 million of outstanding shares. In addition, the company repurchased $15 million of common shares in the quarter and a $180 million year-to-date to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options. This morning, we announced that the Board approved an additional $500 million share repurchase program that will commence after the current program is completed. This authorization is the result of the company’s strong balance sheet and confidence that we’ll deliver long-term earnings per share diluted growth of 6% to 8%. We believe, this business model will enable the company to generate meaningful and predictable cash flow from operations. As such, we’ll continue to have Board level discussions related to capital structure, including dividend increases, value-added share buybacks, and M&A opportunities. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $347 million. This is lower than a year ago, primarily due to acquisitions and share buyback. In 2015, we faced a number of challenges as a result of changing shopping behavior and greater levels of competition. Our plans for 2016 and beyond reflect the reality of the current retail and consumer environment. We are confident in our ability over the long-term to execute at retail and provide consumers with CMG and snack products that can drive growth. As J.P. mentioned, we’ll continue to invest in our core brands in the U.S. and key international markets and build on the strategies we have established, as they will benefit the company over the long-term. We’ll also make incremental investments in our existing snacks platform, as it will provide us with another level – lever of growth. These initiatives should enable us to achieve long-term constant currency net sales growth of 3% to 5%. Given the scale advantages of our North America CMG business, snacks margins that are lower than the company average and a balanced approach to international investments, the company expects to generate long-term adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of 6% to 8%. For the full-year, excluding unfavorable foreign currency exchange about 1 point, constant currency net sales growth is expected to increase around 3%. The company expects gross margin to be about the same as last year. The business productivity initiative announced in June is on track and the company is also focused on nonessential SM&A spending, as it continues to leverage existing resources. Additionally, we’ll continue to invest in advertising and related consumer marketing, including a greater shift to digital and mobile communications. As a result, the company expects adjusted earnings per share diluted to increase around 6%. Before we open it up to Q&A, just a couple of thoughts on some of the items pressuring the first quarter. First, Easter is a week shorter this year. Also, merchandising in display space will be lower at select retailers, as we will not lap their new floor designs until late in second quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, some of them are also focusing on caring lower levels of inventory. As J.P. stated, direct trade will also be hired to ensure that we maintain the right mix of quality merchandising and promotional price points. Competition for this space in the store is robust. And we continue to listen to the consumer and invest in simple ingredients, which were currently purchasing at a slight premium to traditional ingredients. Thank you for your time this morning. And we’ll now take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Please note this call is recorded. And we can take our first question from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
John Baumgartner: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the question.
Patricia Little: Hey, good morning, John.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, John.
John Baumgartner: John, [indiscernible] I think Michele spoke to the plans for 2015, it was pretty specific in terms of the improvements in the retail coverage and space acquisition and sourcing from snacking. And in Q4, you also had a bump from marketing, but we didn’t really see much aware ofshare gains, as the year unfold us. So maybe just in hindsight, how did your execution evolve relative to that CAGNYplan, and what’s holding back your share gains there?
Michele Buck: Yes. So, John, thanks for the question, it’s Michele. I would say two things relative to Q4. First of all, our biggest shortfall in Q2 – in Q4 was really around our grocery and snacks business. So we saw a lot of competitive activity, both in baking and as well in spreads. And I would say on spreads to some degree, we’ve really learned our way to where we will win in that category, where we’ll focus. We’re doing well in jars and we’ve seen some price value issues in the instant consumables. And then I would say the other pieces when it comes to CMG, we gained share in the season, so we had solid growth. But we didn’t gain as much as we anticipated, because frankly, we saw more competitive activity during the marketplace, and we have adjusted our plans coming into the year, this year to really dial up to be even more competitive to regain that share momentum.
John Baumgartner: Is there a sense that it involves more trade promo going forward or balance between advertising and promo?
Patricia Little: There absolutely is more trade promotion and more trade investment. And as we look to this year, you will see us investing more in trade. There are more snack options out there, so there’s more competition. As you know, there are some retailers who are going to cleaner floor policies and so there is a little bit less space and more competition for it, so.
John Bilbrey: One of the things, John, you would have seen over the course of the year, if you just look at CMG pricing relatively modest as we got into the fourth quarter, you could see a bit of lower pricing versus some of our average pricing as well and we believe that may have had an impact on some of our business.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone. So I guess just one question related to the change in your long-term growth algorithm. And I guess, could you describe, I think in the previous algorithm, there was some explicit expectation that M&A would be a contributor to the growth algorithm? So could you talk about in the 3% to 5% sales growth expectation, is there any expectation for M&A? And also I guess within that how much are you expecting in North America sort of the non-confections business to contribute to growth? So the expansion of things like Krave and other snacks, how does that build into the 3% to 5%? Thanks.
John Bilbrey: So for clarification, we would not have had M&A in any of our previous guidance, nor would it be in the current algorithm. The way you think about it broadly without breaking out the Krave pieces of the business, which are – some of those is relatively small. You should really be looking at three to four in North America, one in international. So if you think about this year, it certainly falls within that range. But I think as you saw in our comment, we talked about 2.5% to 3% and a point. So I think that’s a good way to think about it in terms of 2016.
Patricia Little: And specifically on snacking we’ve looked to have that at between 0.5 point and a point off of the CMG.
John Baumgartner: Okay. Thank you.
John Bilbrey: Yes.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Goldman: Good morning. Hey, everybody. According to Nielsen, I know it doesn’t tell a whole story. It looks like there were some share losses for Hershey in both the Halloween and Christmas Seasonal Candy or at least especially Chocolate. First of all, is that accurate? And second, could you give us a little color about what happened and what the company is doing, if it is an issue to remedy the problem this year?
John Bilbrey: So if you look at both of those on a volume basis, if you look at all of our seasons over the course of the year, we were up about 3.7% on a volume basis. If you look at Halloween, it was about, I think about 7.5, and it was about half that I think it was 3 point, so 3 something on holiday. But it’s about a 0.25 point in terms of share, which is below what we would have set our targets. But we did gain share in both of those at a modest level, but we did gain share.
Ken Goldman: Okay.
John Bilbrey: And if you just – so I’ll just leave it at that unless Michelle has anything she wants to add.
Michele Buck: No, I would just go back to the comment I made about some increased competitive trade dollars to get merchandising during the seasons and we’ve adjusted that in terms of our offerings going forward.
Ken Goldman: Okay. I’ll follow-up after the call. Thank you.
John Bilbrey: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman: Hi, good morning, everybody. I guess on the – my first question has to do with the Premium. I think J.P. you mentioned going with Dagoba and Scharffen Berger?
John Bilbrey: And also we’d be introducing a Cadbury item as well that Cad – the couple of those would be think – you think about those as mass premium and then Scharffen Berger would obviously be in super premium.
Mark Pogharian: Yes, and remember, Eric, there was a – the latter Scharffen Berger and Dagoba more of a 500 store test market right now.
Michele Buck: 500 selected kind of retail environment test. But Cadbury is a broader offering since it plays in mass premium.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then just a follow up more of an accounting question, I guess, for Patricia. So now that you own a 100% of SGM. Does that mean that there’s greater EBIT losses that have to be recognized versus, I guess, maybe you had a minority interest kind of a back out on the net income line, or on a pre-tax basis. But this International EBIT get negatively affected by the fact that you now own a 100%, and then I’ll pass it on. Thanks.
Patricia Little: No, it doesn’t. So first just to be completely technical, we haven’t yet closed the rest of the Golden Monkey, and it’s been a 100% consolidated from day one.
John Bilbrey: Day one yes.
Eric Katzman: Okay.
John Bilbrey: So a 100% of their sales and a live loss Eric has been in our P&L since day one.
Eric Katzman: Okay, okay. Thank you. Pass it on.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Howard: Good morning, everybody. Can I ask about the outlook for 2016 on the Chocolate category in the U.S.? It looks from the Nielsen data though it’s been very on-again, off-again a lot more precarious I guess that we’ve seen in previous years. What do you think happening in there in terms of consumer behavior, retailer behavior, and are you confident that or where do you see the category gets back to as we get back maybe into the middle of the year and past the Easter pressure? Thank you.
John Bilbrey: Well, I think that we would see Chocolate by itself being somewhere between 2 and 2.5, it’s a fairly broad range. I think, Alexia, what we think about in our 2016 plan is, we’re going to have a strong focus on our core brands and then we also think there’s an opportunity for us as we’ve looked at quality merge over 2015, that innovation plays an important role and being able to get that incremental quality merged even and be competitive. So we’re also very focused on that. So, I think what we’ll see is as long as there is a strong focus against big core brands and then we can achieve good quality merge against our innovation activity, that becomes the incremental activity that makes us competitive, not only within chocolate specifically, as you asked, but it also makes us competitive against any potential trial at least you’ll get from competitive brands, so…
Patricia Little: Alexia, I would just add to that. We also know chocolate is really a destination for the seasons, during the seasonal periods, and that will continue. So I think, we kind of think about it, that’s a solid foundation and base that consumers are looking for chocolate in particular around those times, in addition to all the other comments J.P. made about how we’re seeing the year.
Alexia Howard: Thank you. In the interest of time, I’ll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, David.
Alexis Bornin: Hi, good morning. This is actually Alexis Bornin in for David this morning.
John Bilbrey: Okay. Greetings.
Alexis Bornin: Hi, international. So Hershey’s international segment was profitable in 2013 and 2014. How obviously the segment took a big step backwards in 2015. When do you expect the segment to return to profitability?
Patricia Little: That is not something that we layout an exact timetable on. But clearly, we are not going to be back to those 2014 levels in 2016.
Alexis Bornin: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we take our next question from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, Jason.
Jason English: Hey, good morning, folks. How are you?
John Bilbrey: Good.
Patricia Little: Good.
Jason English:
 in :
John Bilbrey: Well, I think what you’re going to see in total is that, it will be a more of competitive environment and that you’ll see a greater trade spin in 2016 than you would have seen in 2015, which could lead to some lower net prices. And so obviously that makes – that obviously has a mix effect in terms of the P&L.
Michele Buck: The other thing I would just add to that, I think it is important to note some of the trade spending will go into promoted price points, but some of that will also be investment to really get spaced in other ways.
John Bilbrey: Yes, because, Jason, Michelle’s last point it’s pretty important, with more snacks, we’ve all seen them coming on over the last few years, I don’t think that will abate. Everybody is trying to get to the perimeter of the store. So that’s based – it’s not expanding anymore let’s face it. It’s just very competitive to get.
Jason English: Yes, got it. And then one other quick follow-up question. You mentioned the cost upgrades weigh in our margins in terms of simple ingredients, as well as the mixed impact from lower margin snacking items. Can you give us a sense of the magnitude of margin headwind you’re anticipating in 2016 from those initiatives?
Michele Buck: I mean, we typically don’t talk about inflation, the inflation as a percent looking forward, we’ll always tell you what it is. When we report for various competitive reasons, we don’t want to get into that level of specificity right now. But we do have net inflation this year.
Jason English: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning, everybody.
John Bilbrey: Hey, good morning.
Jonathan Feeney: I want a little bit more detail about the competitive landscape, not only within chocolate candy. You mentioned pretty high levels of competition a couple times in the narrative, but also some of yourcompetitive sort of pushback and different behavior you might have gotten from some of this extension into other categories with Krave and some of the non-candy snacks?
Michele Buck: Yes, I think, so I think we’ve been fairly clear in terms of how we’ve talked about the confectionary environment. If I go beyond broader snacks, the comment I would make specifically to meat snacks is that in the premium segment that we compete, the meat snacks business continues to be up about 25%, overall meat has slowed a bit in terms of growth, and of course a core part of our focus is to continue to build distribution around the Krave business and then also you’ll us introducing some extended items to the current line that we have as we built out that distribution. So from that standpoint, I don’t think it’s a significant, difference is probably a positive for us. If you think about broader snacking, I think I said on a previous call that as you look over the last 18 to 24 months, there’s about 80 SKUs, which have been added in that segment. And therefore, it’s more fragmented it has before gives the consumer different alternatives for trial. And therefore, we’ve seen some competitiveness and a little bit of a competitive pressure from there. But I think, again, it comes back to making sure in each segment that we compete that we’re winning merchandising and display, as we talked about earlier. But those would be a couple of things that I think are part of the existing landscape that we face.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks, J.P.
John Bilbrey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar: Good morning. Hershey obviously talks a lot historically about being a gross margin focused company. I guess, this year you’ve got to reinvest a little of that into trade promotion and you’ve got some ingredient cost you’ve talked about from some of the new products and things. I guess, is it a shift at all in Hershey’s long-term emphasis on gross margins, or more getting the base right and moving from there? And then last thing would be with the reduction in the long-term growth outlook, I guess, does it change management’s or the Board’s view on thinking about maybe creating even if it’s larger scale partnerships, or in pieces of the business, whether it would be overseas or in the U.S. to, I guess, help compete and grow, it’s kind of a broader question?
John Bilbrey: Yes. So I think if you think about your first question around gross margin, we’ll always defend our brands and we’ll be brand building consumer centric company and invest in our brands. But I would tell you that it’s not a change in philosophy. We continue to be a gross margin focused company. And there maybe years of periods of time when you have to change the way you get there. But we’ll always have the gross margin at the top of our list and again there can always be a mix effect of how you get there. I’m not going to speculate around any kinds of comments from partnerships and things like that. We continue to look for ways to grow and build our business and things that are good for our shareholders. And so, we’re continuously looking at our strategic options in terms of how we build our business. And so that would be the only comment that I would make.
Andrew Lazar: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. I thought that the guidance for 2016 sounds very reasonable and sets a logical base. But the one assumption I wanted to ask you about was China, I think, going back to kind of flat to up a little bit from a category perspective. And then just in the broader context of international being down as much as it was. What are the drivers that that you think helps China stabilize especially given your modern trade exposure? And then the other countries too, you have economic issues in Brazil. Mexico was very competitive. It seem like this is an area where you’ve been surprised in the past. Did you consider something a little more cautious just in the near-term for international?
John Bilbrey: Yes. There is a couple of things that I would say and maybe Patricia and I both talk about this a little bit. But if you look at the total international business about 80% of the impact of that business really occurred in China. And so we know that that was a very unique event. About another 10% of that was really India in the oils business and then, of course, you have the impact of the FX. And then in a local currency basis, of course, you had both Brazil and Mexico, which were positive contributors albeit modestly. So that’s a little bit of where you see us come out. Also and I mentioned this a bit earlier, as we look at our different opportunities, I think what you’ll see us is moderate our pace and approach to where we think we could best allocate capital and still be consistent with our long-term investments and strategies. And so, that also has an influence, I think, and I think it’s quite pragmatic actually to go to where you think the ball was going to be. So those are a couple of comments that I would make. I don’t know Patricia has anything or perspective that she want to add to that.
Patricia Little: Yes, I think that we – clearly, it was a tough year in China overall and it was this combination of macroeconomic forces in China that we’re not alone in experiencing, as well as the added complexity of an integration that didn’t – an acquisition and acquisition that frankly didn’t go the way we wanted. We certainly can start to see our way moving through those two aspects. And while I think the macroeconomic environment in China is not something I’d ever want to predict. Some of this is in our control, as we start to bring the businesses together and understand what we have in terms of brands, in terms of supply footprint, in terms of channels, in terms of distribution. And that’s where we are going to be focused on the things that we can control.
Robert Moskow: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, Matt.
Pamela Kaufman: Hi, this is – good morning. This is actually Pam Kaufman calling in for Matt. I was hoping that you could elaborate on the stable advertising and marketing expense that you saw in North America during the fourth quarter? And the company’s previous commentary about plans for increased advertising and programming during Q4? Did it have the anticipated impact on your non-seasonal business in the U.S.?
John Bilbrey: Well, first of all a comment I would make is that if you look at the numbers part of what you have to recognize there is GRPs were actually up in the fourth quarter. And some of our actually administrative costs and non-working costs were actually what was lower. So the brand investment actually in terms of eyeballs on brands and attention to brands was up. And so as you parse through the numbers, that’s an important piece to understand. Michele may have a point that you were talking about effectiveness or anything beyond that. But it’s important that you understand that as you look at the absolute numbers.
Michele Buck: Yes, so the – that – it was the non-working kind of production costs that actually we just had some timing shifts on. And then relative to impact on the business, we felt good about our every day takeaway in Q4. So while we don’t have all of the analytics back on the spend based on what we know to-date, we feel pretty good about it. And one other thing I would just point out is, as you look at the takeaway as we’ve launched Snack Mix and Snack Bites, which is key innovation on our core brand. It’s actually the Snack Mix piece is rolling into the salty snack category and not CMG. So, as you look at every day takeaway just keep that in mind.
Pamela Kaufman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, David.
David Palmer: Good morning. I’ve seen data from the NPD Group, which points to decline in volume for the sweet snacks mega category. And I guess we’ve seen some falling in the chocolate category as well. I’m wondering, I mean, clearly, we can see some things that might be more category specific like packaging innovation that’s run its course. But when you’re thinking and looking at the consumer, I know you do a lot of consumer insights work. Do you see a big mega reasons or shifts by the consumer that are things you can just to, you mentioned in the release today that your – that the consumer want simpler ingredients. But could you comment on certain other invisible things perhaps on a short-term basis that you think you could push against to cause category growth improve? Thanks.
John Bilbrey: Yes, I’ll make a couple of comments. So if you look at what the overall category trends and I’ll kind of give you where we were. If you look at the chocolate category, it was up. We were up pretty consistent with the category. If you look at non-chocolate, we actually lagged to the category and then if you look at gum and also mint, we would have outperformed the category on those segments. We have deemphasized a little bit the level of activity that we had in some of our sweets business. And so that’s certainly showing up in the business one brand in particular was a great brand. But if we just look at the absolute programming we had on a brand like TWIZZLERS, it is a little bit lower and that ended up showing up some in the overall business. If you look at the sweets business and some of the channels where it does well, you can also follow that with call it income cohorts. And one of the things that we’re doing in 2016 is using our Allen Candy acquisition to leverage our portfolio there on pegged bags and where in select places where we think that can really benefit us. So we did see within that segment an opportunity and we’re going to try to leverage that as well. And then some of our competitors also had the emphasis on some of those brands, which also would have had an influence on our performance as well.
David Palmer: Thank you.
Operator: And will take our last question from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
John Bilbrey: Good morning, Rob.
Robert Dickerson: Hello, good morning. I just had a kind of a larger question around your debt capacity and how look at leverage. I know previously you spoken to that 1.5 to 2 times levered to adjusted EBITDA. But I mean how do you think that over time is running a lower level of leverage relative to your peer set? And one could argue potentially an inefficient capital structure is the right way to go, or if you’re talking about snacking opportunity and leveraging your distribution network in the asset base. Then why not increase your leverage a bit more than you have historically actually grow a bit more quickly via acquisitions and not in China, I mean, more on the snacking side in the United States. Thank you.
Michele Buck: Great. Thanks for the question. We really like where we sit right now on a leverage basis is something that we go back and pressure test every year. And one of the benefits that it gives us is that, it gives us a lot of capacity to do something incremental. It’s something big and attractive and incremental came along in the category. We would be very open to it, I don’t think that our leverage would be a constrained in that situation. But as we sit here today with opportunities in front of us, we feel very good about where we are.
Robert Dickerson: Okay, thank you. And just very quickly, I’ve seen some material on your SOFIT brand. I haven’t heard you mentioned much, but I think I believe it’s selling on Amazon. Is that something we should see more of in the future such that SOFITwould be rolling out like a Krave, or like a Brookside into mass retail, or is that for the time being to sell on price?
John Bilbrey: Yes. I think SOFIT is test and learn. It’s a brand out of India. It’s soy protein and it’s part of our efforts to learn about the protein segment plant-based. And so you’re seeing it more – from a test and learn standpoint, we’re going to be able to make that in the U.S. versus obviously try to ship it from India. So, as you know with beverages and so forth closed on is always a good idea. But it’s a brand, we think is very interesting. But it’s really about us having a learning approach.
Patricia Little: And I’m delighted you found it on Amazon, because we just…
Robert Dickerson: Yes. Okay. Thank you very much.
John Bilbrey: All right. Thank you.
John Bilbrey: Thank you for joining us today I’ll be available for any follow-up calls that you may have.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's third quarter 2015 results conference call. My name is Lindy, and I will be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please note this call may be recorded. Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Lindy. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's third quarter 2015 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO; and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of our results, which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2014 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss third quarter results, excluding net pre-tax charges of $140 million or $0.47 per share-diluted, primarily related to the productivity initiative announced in June, a non-cash impairment charge in China and costs associated with the early extinguishment of debt. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark. In the third quarter, our efforts were focused on ensuring successful execution of our seasonal plans, which are on track and should result in good Halloween and holiday seasons. We were pleased with North America gross margin expansion that resulted in solid operating profit growth; however, organic net sales growth was less than expected. North America organic net sales increased 3.2%, ahead of CMG marketplace performance, primarily due to the timing of seasonal shipments and snack sales that don't get captured in the Nielsen CMG database. Hershey U.S. candy, mint and gum, or CMG, retail takeaway in the third quarter was about plus 0.3%, less than category growth, resulting in market share loss of 0.4 points. Lower than expected levels of merchandising and programming in select retailers led to consumption trends that were below our estimates. Mainstream snacking categories like salty, snack cakes, and meat snacks also saw consumption slow in the third quarter versus the June year-to-date trends. Additionally, consumer retail trips in the third quarter were lower, down almost 4%. By channel, trips performance was mixed. On a percentage basis versus last year trips, they declined high single digits in drug and convenience stores, low single digits in grocery, and were up mid-single digits in club. Trends appear to have improved as we exited September. And in October, CMG in-store merchandising and programming has been executed and should result in Hershey share gains in the important Halloween season. Third quarter CMG category performance by segment was mixed. ICE BREAKERS COOL BLASTS is doing very well. The ICE BREAKER brand continues to drive both gum and mint category growth, and this period was no exception. Specifically, our third quarter gum and mint retail takeaway was about 9% and plus 16%, leading to solid market share gains in these segments. Chocolate category performance was soft in the third quarter, up 0.4%. Hershey chocolate retail takeaway was off, minus 0.5%, resulting in a market share decline of 0.4 points. We believe our performance was impacted by a later than normal Labor Day, the aforementioned lower levels of trips and in-store merchandising and programming. We also had lower year-over-year advertising GRPs. In the fourth quarter, U.S. advertising GRPs will reach the highest level of the year, and seasonal merchandising and programming is in place. Combined with the Reese's NCAA College Game Day promotion and the launch of Hershey's Kisses Deluxe, we expect improvement in chocolate marketplace trends in the fourth quarter. Non-chocolate candy, or NCC, category growth in the third quarter was plus 3.3%. In-store activity and merchandising within this segment of the category was greater than what we've seen in many years. Given the 2014 activity that we're lapping, the prior-year launch of Lancaster Caramels and JOLLY RANCHER line extensions, Hershey's NCC third quarter market share was off one point. We expect our NCC performance to improve in 2016 as we leverage The Allan Candy capabilities and the brands. We're also making progress within snacks and grocery. Brookside bars are now available with initial demand and velocity on par with the category leaders. And we'll continue to build on Brookside's equity in 2016 with the launch of three flavors of Brookside yogurt, fruit and nut bars. We also had a limited introduction launch of Hershey's Reese's and PAYDAY Snack Bites and snack mix products. These sweet and salty offerings are off to a strong start and, in some cases, we've extended the brand and secured space in addition to the confectionery aisle. The early read is positive in the C-stores, where we have distribution at front-end checkouts. Switching to meat snacks, as I stated earlier, category growth here also slowed a bit in the third quarter, although it was primarily due to under-performance of the mainstream portion of the category. Looking at premium or artisan meat snacks, where KRAVE plays, this sub-segment of the category increased about 40% in the third quarter and was relatively in line with the growth rates of the four, 12 and 52-week periods. The KRAVE business and integration is progressing well, and retail takeaway is significantly outpacing the category, driven by velocity and distribution gains. Items per store and merchandising is growing, and net sales should nearly double this year. We feel good about our snacking and adjacency initiatives and believe meat snacks, snack bars, as well as snack bites and snack mix products, give us an opportunity to source volume and sales across the broader snacking category. Now for an update on our International business, given the macroeconomic environment in our focused markets, broad category and Hershey growth was challenging. Combined, third quarter constant currency net sales in Mexico and Brazil increased mid-single digits on a percentage basis versus last year in a very tough environment. Constant currency net sales in India declined, in line with estimates. And recall, this was expected as we phased out our sales of edible oil products. Importantly, India core brand sales increased high single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. The Shanghai Golden Monkey integration is progressing. And we've increase our resources on the ground as we move forward. We're very focused on integrating the business and executing against our selling plan. It's a bit too early to discuss our 2016 initiatives, but we're cautiously optimistic that we'll be able to leverage the core Golden Monkey products in the Chinese New Year period, given that 2016 is the Zodiac Year of the Monkey. In the third quarter, China chocolate net sales were relatively in line with our expectations; however, Q3 chocolate category growth of 4% was less than June year-to-date growth of 6%. It appears that the category continues to be impacted by macroeconomic challenges and trends that are affecting consumer shopping behavior and the acceleration of e-commerce and on-line purchases of broader consumer staples. These factors are leading to lower sales velocities in tier one hypermarkets, where the majority of our chocolate sales are derived, and impacting the impulse-oriented chocolate category. We expect marketplace trends to slightly improve in Q4, but no longer expect the category to increase high single digits for the full year. We're making progress against the initiatives we discussed earlier in the year. Distribution and velocity in the smaller format super and mini channels is on track and Brookside ACV is increasing. As we entered the fourth quarter, Brookside advertising is on-air, displays are being activated at retail, and a digital campaign on WeChat has been established. And we continue to build on our e-commerce momentum. We're particularly pleased with our online business, which in August was up 112% and was focused on Chinese Valentine's Day. For the year-to-date period, our China chocolate e-commerce retail takeaway is up about 55%. We have specific activity for the upcoming Singles' Day and holiday season and believe we're doing some of the right things here, as evidenced by our market share gains in this evolving and important channel. So, while challenging, China is a priority market for us and I believe we're executing against the right fundamentals and are focused on building our business for the long-term. In Mexico, net sales in local currency for the quarter and year-to-date periods are up high single digits on a percentage basis versus last year, driven by our chocolate and Pelon Pelo Rico business. Within the chocolate category, we're seeing good investments by all major manufacturers in the form of new products and core brand investments. As a result, our chocolate marketplace performance has lagged the category. Chocolate market share in the modern trade in Mexico for the year-to-date period is off, as our retail takeaway of about 6% has lagged category growth of about 13%. In Brazil, local currency net sales have sequentially improved versus last quarter and are up low single digits, although retail takeaway slowed in the third quarter, given the challenged macroeconomic environment and increased competitive activity. Brazil chocolate market share for the year-to-date period is up 0.4 points; however, given my aforementioned comments, we would expect the macroeconomic environment in Brazil to pressure Q4 performance. Now to wrap up, our number one goal is to regain momentum in terms of Hershey's marketplace performance as it relates to retail takeaway and market share. Our fourth quarter and 2016 plans are focused and the investment profile is concentrated in the areas where Hershey is advantaged. Specifically, you'll see core brand investments in the form of innovation and marketing, especially a greater focus on digital and a focus on in-store execution as it relates to merchandising and programming. Without getting into specific details related to 2016, our initial plans are balanced from a top and bottom line perspective. Next year, we lap charges in China related to trade promotion that have pressured results this year. We'll also benefit from the productivity initiatives related to the organization simplification program announced in June, and have good visibility into our cost structure as it relates to raw materials. We believe this setup gives us the flexibility to invest in core initiatives that drives growth while also building on our equities within the snack mix, snack bar, and meat snack categories. At the same time, we're also doing strategic planning work and assessing our long-term targets. Acquiring the remaining 20% of Shanghai Golden Monkey impacts this. So when this occurs, we'll be able to share our integration plans and potential cost savings as it relates to our combined businesses in China. In the fourth quarter, our seasonal business plans are strong and complement the activity related to core brand merchandising, programming and innovation. Per my earlier comments, North America advertising and related consumer marketing expense accelerates and we expect CMG retail takeaway trends to improve. Patricia will provide you with all of the details related to the full-year outlook, but, excluding unfavorable FX, 2015 total company net sales are expected to increase 1.5% to 2.5%. Solid gross margin expansion, driven by the very profitable U.S. business and other productivity and cost savings, more than offsets greater than expected dilution from acquisition and divestitures, and should result in 2015 full year adjusted earnings per share-diluted growth towards the low end of the 3% to 5% range. 2015 hasn't unfolded the way that we had planned, but we remain focused on strong execution of our plans. Candy, mint and gum has been one of the better performing categories in the store for many years. It's a destination category, impulsive, and very profitable for retailers. As a result, it typically garners key floor space within the store as it relates to merchandising and programming; however, over the last two years, it appears that income bifurcation and expanded choice among snacking is having an impact on generating consistent CMG category growth. While overall consumer confidence is trending up, lower income consumers continue to be fragile as income and wage growth has been minimal. Higher income and more confident consumers are driving premium growth, while cost-conscious consumers are driving the value segment. As indicated last quarter and in my remarks today, in 2016, we'll introduce candy products and programs that will leverage our ubiquitous distribution, specifically targeting our core everyday candy business, as well as the mass premium and value segments where we're currently under-represented. I look forward to sharing these plans with you in January. We have strong financial resources and technical capabilities and I have a passionate team of leaders and coworkers who are committed to winning in the marketplace. I'll now turn it over to Patricia, who will provide some additional detail on our financial results.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, J.P. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Third quarter net sales of $1.96 billion were in line with prior year and generated adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.17, an increase of $0.12 or 11.4% versus last year. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates of two points, about half a point greater than our estimates, net sales increased 2%. Pricing in net acquisitions and divestitures were a 5.8 points, a half a point benefit, partially offset by 4.3 points of lower volume related to pricing elasticity in North America and lower sales in China. As J.P. stated, North America gross margin and operating income growth was solid; however, U.S. marketplace consumption trends were less than our estimates, and as a result, sales shipments were softer than expected. Excluding the 1.1 point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates in Canada, North America net sales increased 3.5% versus the year-ago period. Net price realization was a 6.9 point benefit, and volume was off 3.7 points, due to elasticity related to the pricing action. The volume impact was in line with estimates, when adjusted for the trip declines that J.P. referenced. On a net basis, The Allan Candy and KRAVE acquisitions and the Mauna Loa divestiture were a 30 basis point benefit. Total International and Other segment net sales for the third quarter declined 15% versus last year. Unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates were a 7.9 point headwind, and the Shanghai Golden Monkey acquisition a 2.3 point benefit. The International and Other segment core business volume was off about 10 points, due primarily to China chocolate business performance, where sales declined $18 million. Turning now to margins, adjusted gross margin increased 220 basis points in the third quarter, driven by net price realization and supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by international trade allowances, primarily in China. Operating profit in the third quarter increased by 9.1% versus last year, resulting in operating profit margins of 21.2%. The increase was driven by gross margin gains and lower SM&A, selling, marketing and administrative expenses. SM&A, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, increased about 2.8%. Excluding acquisitions and divestitures, SM&A expenses, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, declined 2.8% as we remain focused on nonessential spending and look to leverage existing resources. By segment, North America operating profit increased low double digits on a percentage basis versus last year and is on plan. This was partially offset by International performance, primarily China. Now, let me provide a brief update on our International business. China chocolate category performance continues to be below the historical CAGR growth rate of 11% to 12%. In Q3, chocolate category performance was sluggish in both hyper and small format stores, and impacted all major manufacturers, including those whose innovations been driving the market. Over the remainder of the year, we're focused on the broader rollout of Brookside chocolates, distribution into smaller format stores, and our e-commerce business. We're making progress in areas that will benefit the business over the long-term. However, in the short-term, chocolate results in China could remain pressured if lower hypermarket trips and category growth continues to track at these lower levels. This scenario could have an impact on our Chinese New Year sell-in assumptions over the remainder of the year. Shanghai Golden Monkey integration is slowly continuing and we're finishing work that will indicate which distributors we'll invest with going forward. Golden Monkey gross sales for the full year are in line with previous estimates; however, we had some true-ups on sales promotions and the current net sales estimate for Golden Monkey in 2015 is now around $80 million, less than our prior expectations. These true-ups, plus an adjustment to the tax rate, which I'll discuss in a few moments, are the primary drivers of the increase in M&A dilution from about $0.20 to $0.35 per share-diluted. On a local currency basis, combined net sales in Mexico and Brazil increased mid-single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Year-to-date, local currency sales in Mexico and Brazil are up about 10% and 5%, respectively. The macroeconomic environment and competitive dynamics in Latin America continue to be a challenge, and we would expect it to be a headwind as it relates to fourth quarter performance. India third quarter local currency sales were off about 20% as we began the phase-out of edible oils, which were discontinued at the end of the third quarter. Excluding the edible oil business, India core business sales increased 7%. The brands that we're investing behind, JOLLY RANCHER and SOFIT, continue to do well in the marketplace. Moving down the P&L, third quarter interest expense of $18.6 million declined $2.5 million versus last year, or 11.9%. For the full-year, we expect interest expense to be at the low end of the $75 million to $80 million range. The adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 33.5%. This is greater than our previous estimate of about 30%, due to the timing of the U.S. Government investment tax credits we discussed last quarter, and an adjustment to the tax rate related to Golden Monkey net operating loss carry-forward. As a result, we expect the fourth quarter and full year tax rates to be about 31% and 33.5%, respectively. In the fourth quarter, we expect to record $35 million within the other income and expense line related to the U.S. Government investment tax credits. Hence, the net effect on full year net income of the tax credits is about $5 million. For the third quarter of 2015, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 220 million shares, down $3.8 million versus last year and a $0.02 benefit in the quarter, resulting in adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $1.17, or an increase of 11.4% versus year ago. Let me now provide a quick recap of year-to-date adjusted results. Year-to-date net sales increased 1.2%. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates, net sales increased 2.7% versus the year-ago period. Operating profit increased about 2%, resulting in an operating profit margin of 20%. Year-to-date adjusted gross margin was 46.4% versus 45.2% last year, or 120 basis points higher, as a result of net price realization and supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by higher input costs and obsolescence. Year-to-date adjusted earnings per share-diluted increased about 3.1% to $3.04 per share. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the third quarter, net trading capital decreased versus last year's third quarter by $39 million. Accounts receivable was lower by $26 million and remains extremely current. Inventory was lower by $87 million and accounts payable declined by $74 million. Total capital additions, including software, were $86 million in the third quarter $238 million year-to-date. For the year, we expect total capital expenditures to be around $350 million. This is less than our previous forecast of $375 million to $400 million, due to lower capital requirements related to the Johor, Malaysia project, which is now estimated to be about $80 million in 2015. During the third quarter, depreciation and amortization was $64 million and dividends paid were $124 million. In the third quarter, the company repurchased $230 million of outstanding shares against the $250 million authorization approved in February, 2015. For the year-to-date period, the company repurchased $403 million of outstanding shares. In addition, the company repurchased $22 million of common shares in the quarter and $165 million year-to-date to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options. Cash and short-term investments at the end of the quarter were $344 million. This is lower than year ago, primarily due to acquisitions and the share buyback. The company continues to generate substantial free cash flow and has a very strong balance sheet. In the fourth quarter, North America in-store seasonal merchandising and programming is secured. And on-air advertising reaches its highest point of the year, but as J.P. mentioned, lower consumer trips and the macroeconomic environment continue to be a challenge within the retail environment as we wind down the year and look to 2016. We're confident in our ability to execute at the retail level and provide consumers with CMG and snack products that can drive growth. As a result, we do expect North America marketplace performance to improve over the remainder of the year. Given year-to-date results, the aforementioned challenges in international markets, and slightly higher than expected FX headwinds, we estimate that full year net sales will be about the same as, to slightly up, versus 2014. Including a net contribution from acquisitions and divestitures of about a point, and excluding an unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates of at least 1.5 points, net sales are expected to increase 1.5% to 2%. This is less than the low end of the previously-provided outlook of 3%. We continue to expect solid gross margin growth in 2015, driven by North America price realization; however, given year-to-date results and the impact of higher levels of international trade promotion, the company expects margin expansion at the low end of the 135 to 145 basis point estimate. We're also focused on nonessential SM&A expenses and will leverage existing resources and given performance will also benefit from lower than estimated other employee-related costs. In addition, expected 2015 savings from the business productivity initiative announced in June is estimated to be around $25 million versus the previous estimate of $10 million to $15 million. As a result, we expect adjusted earnings per share-diluted to be at the low end of the 3% to 5% range, or approximately $4.10 per share-diluted. This includes dilution from acquisitions and divestitures of about $0.35 per share, which is greater than the previous estimate of about $0.20 per share-diluted. Thank you for your time this morning. J.P., Mark and I will now take any questions you may have.
Operator: Our first question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So we've now had about two years of performance that's come in, I think it's fair to say, worse than initial expectations. And I realize a lot of it's China, but some of it's domestic, too, right? I guess my question is this. You're guiding to better performance ahead, but why should we on the outside have a particularly high amount of confidence in that outlook? Because I know you said you're seeing better trends in October, but it feels like every quarter something unexpected starts to bite this category. So why should we have really a high level of confidence that 4Q will come in sort of as you're expecting? Is there anything particular that you're looking at that gives you that sort of upward trend in your outlook maybe?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well I think, Ken, first of all, if I talk about the last couple of years, is clearly we've been in an environment which has been a bit different than we were in some of the previous years. So I think that as we continue to get greater clarity around at least our thinking, we think that consumer bifurcation has been an important driver. We're also seeing that there's expanded choice across the broader snacking continuum. As an example, snack bars, there's about 30% more SKUs in the category than there has been over the last couple of years. So we think we've had some trial there on some of those brands that has impacted some of our CMG brands. And then, of course, we've had the trips issue, where we've seen a continuing decline in trips across the category. And on an everyday and instant consumable basis, that's had a trending impact against our business as well. So, I think those are some things that we have to solve for. I feel good about the contribution we've had from innovation into our business over that period of time, so it's continued to contribute as we have hoped it would. And then, I think as we move into 2016, we have to have a balanced approach, continue to execute against the fundamentals. I think the pricing is actually coming through about as we would have anticipated. And so, really it's about the magic elixir of volume and how do we continue to drive and bring consumers into the category. And I think those are all things that, as I look to 2016, will be in our favor. I would expect the international – the biggest impact we have against the business is, of course, FX. I don't know that we'll be in that environment forever. And then, we really hope to get ourselves in a good place in China that we can begin to benefit for the reasons that we had the acquisition there. So I agree with you. It's been unusual in 2015, been some macroeconomic winds, but I think the fundamentals in the category for retailers continue to be attractive as a category. And we have to execute well.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you for that, but aren't those fundamentals getting less attractive? I mean, I'm just confused about why the optimism, if trips are down at a time when crude oil is down and fuel is down. Usually trips are up in that kind of scenario. So I'm just a little confused about what's driving some of the headwinds you're seeing right now?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think that if you look at the merchandising that we've seen on the floor, so quality merchandise at some large retailers. They've had a bit more of a clean floor policy than they've had, so we have to adjust and make sure that we're doing the best we can to get our fair share of that merchandising. And then, as we move into Q4, we've got, I think, attractive investments from a GRP standpoint against our brands and we'll continue to build our brands as we go into 2016. So, I can't tell you that on a single Monday morning the world changes, but I think the dynamics of the category continue to be attractive. Consumers are snacking more than they ever have before. We have to make sure our portfolio is attractive, and then we have to build brands within that. And I think history would suggest that we know how to do that and as the consumer participates, we're going to definitely win against our programs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Good morning. Thanks very much. Just to follow up on Ken's question a little bit, real specific, in North America where you had a little bit disappointing volume, can you talk about not only this quarter, the difference between your everyday business and your seasonal business? And then you talked about programming going into the fourth quarter. How is that looking? How is your level of confidence in the everyday business looking versus that seasonal business that's been so steady for the company over the past couple of years? Thanks very much.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we know one of the biggest drivers of the everyday business is effective advertising. And we have strong programming in Q4 that we think will support the everyday business. And that's one of the areas which we really have to focus against on some of our core brand growth and ensure that our advertising is working hard for us. That's a part of Q4. We continue to execute well against seasons, so we expect in the important Halloween period that we're going to win share there. So I feel, as you say, we've done well there. I feel good about that. And the everyday business is really impacted by trips. So we really are going to have to see an environment where across retailers, that trips begin to help us a bit, where I think it's been a drag on the business overall here over the last 12 to 18 months.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: That's helpful, J.P. So just so I'm clear, relative to expectations, it sounds like the everyday business has been a little bit tougher than seasonal has been relative to expectations. Is that right?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think that's right. Yes.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah. I think what you saw, Jon, that year-to-date June, I think trips were down roughly 2% across xAOC+C. And in the third quarter, you saw trips down 4%. And you saw, as J.P. referenced in his remarks, C-store, for example, was down 9%. Now, it feels like and the early look on the data looks like September and October got better, but it's that kind of choppiness that we historically haven't seen and that's been with us now – or really, the retail environment in CPG space all along – going on a year and a half, two years now.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: And since, by definition, people are stocking-up for seasonal, like Halloween trick-or-treating or whatnot, it's a little bit less affected by trips, right?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Morning, Chris.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I had just two quick questions, if I could. I want to understand, first of all, in the U.S., with consumption being down a little bit, but your revenue is being up in the quarter, just the shipments versus takeaway and I guess maybe this is a better indication of the seasonal shipping that occurred in the quarter. I just thought I'd get a little more color around that gap that occurred in 3Q.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So you saw a bit of a benefit just trying to get seasons on the floor as early as we could, given some of the other things that we're seeing. So we did have good seasonal shipments in Q3 to support some of the merchandising that's happening in Q4. And then the other thing you don't see in those numbers, which was also a benefit, is some of our snacks and adjacencies, which don't get measured in the CMG numbers, and I think those were close to a point benefit to our business.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you for that. If I could ask a quick question really around the guidance and this incremental dilution occurring from acquisitions, the $0.35, I think you've been on $0.20 previously. Does that incremental gap in relation to the reduction in earnings guidance you have for the year suggest more dilution that what you've lowered your guidance for the year? Does that imply a better North American performance, I guess, essentially or better overall, let's call it, non-SGM performance?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hi. It's Patricia. Yes. So it definitely reflects better performance in our bottom line to overcome that added dilution. I think of it in sort of two buckets. One is in the expense line, where, as I mentioned before, we have greater savings from our restructuring project that we announced in June. We've kept a very tight lid on discretionary spending, and that's probably about half of the difference. I would say that the other half of the difference is more sort of technical things related to movement within the range, as well as, as I mentioned in my remarks, interest at the lower end as well as the buyback. So those are the two big buckets that we're using to make up that difference.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Good morning. J.P., wondering if you could speak more to China in terms of maybe what you're seeing with the competition as it concerns price promotion and innovation and then maybe where you see the bottom occurring as this all plays out. And from an expense perspective, I realize you haven't provided 2016 guidance, but how should we be thinking about incremental cost in China as you focus more on the small format retailers or maybe even opportunities to adjust your cost structure lower for the lower sales base?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me take the China piece and I'll talk specifically about our Hershey business in China. So as you probably heard us talk before, we are heavily weighted to the hypermarket channel in China versus having deeper distribution. So even as we've grown our distribution, it's largely been in the Tier 1 cities and it's also been more weighted to hypermarkets. And the hypermarket channel has been more negatively impacted over the last 12 months than have other channels, although the total category across channels is down. But we're not as well represented and some of those channels have actually done better than the hypermarket channel. So we have a weighting mix issue that's really impacted our business there, which is one of the things that interested us so much in Shanghai Golden Monkey is it gives us better and deeper distribution across smaller stores, supermarkets and then also Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities where appropriate. So we think those factors are still relevant and that we'll benefit from that. Obviously, we've had some struggles in terms of the start-up of Shanghai Golden Monkey, but the real drivers of why we made the acquisition still exist, the distributions channel's there, the manufacturing's there, the brands, et cetera. So we think as we go forward and gain control of that business, we'll definitely benefit from the greater penetration across all the channels. But that's how I would think about what's happening there. And then you have a faster evolution there probably than any place else in terms of e-commerce. So in our category, about 15% of the business is sold in e-commerce. We're right about where the category is. That piece of our business is growing very nicely. So we're participating in that channel development quite nicely. And so those are several things that I would mention about China.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So as your China recovery plan unfolds, it sounds like you can get more mileage and better leverage out of the inherited Shanghai sales force as opposed to investing more feet on the street yourself?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think that's correct.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thanks, J.P.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Morning, everybody. So I guess two questions, sorry Mark. The first one is, I mean, I know the outlook is a little more challenging than you'd like, but I'm a little bit surprised that the decision to not give an adjusted long-term guidance is hinging on the 20% of Shanghai Golden Monkey that you don't own. I mean, you're already consolidated and just back out the 20%. So that seems like that's just a financial exercise. So is there something about this last 20% that is a real like impact to what you think you can do long-term on a global basis? And then I guess for Patricia, the higher commodity costs that were mentioned as a negative to gross margins this past quarter, I'm a bit surprised. I mean, it seems like most of your inputs are down. So maybe you could give a little bit more color there and maybe a little view into 2016 as you see your hedged inputs. Thanks.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So, Eric, let's take this in two pieces. I'll start and then Patricia can follow up. So I think that we're being as thoughtful as we possibly can around how we think about our long-term guidance. And I want to move us to an environment where we talk about a little bit long-term guidance and then we can talk about where we think we are within that range. Sometimes we'll be above, below, whatever. But given all of the moving parts that we've seen historically, we've given our guidance on this third quarter call. There's a lot of moving parts. I wouldn't put it, by any means, all of that weighted into what's happening in China. I think it's really we want to make sure that we have a good sense of what 2016 and beyond looks like from a category standpoint. And we'll go from there and we'll probably talk about that in January.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And it's Patricia, I'll talk about the higher commodity. We did have a little bit of cocoa price inflation in the third quarter, but I just want to go back to the fact that on a net basis, obviously, we're ahead because that cocoa inflation is why we priced. We have good visibility into 2016 and I don't really want to get into this commodity or that commodity because where we remain focused is an overall gross margin focus and you can see that coming through in our third quarter results.
Eric Richard Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right, I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks a lot. Good morning. And thanks for the question. Patricia, I hate to do this, but I got to go over some old ground here. I still don't understand the 2015 guidance reconciliation, so $4.10, when you're barely moving the EPS number, but it's like a tsunami of negatives. You guys, say U.S. sales are weaker. China chocolate sales are weaker. Shanghai Golden Monkey negative $0.35 versus, $0.15 worse than before; tax rate's worse. These are large numbers, so for this EPS number not to move. You then gave some comments to – and I forget who asked the question -- but you said like the expense line, greater savings. That savings number is $10 million better – that's like $0.03 or something like that? It's de minimis.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Well, David, first, one thing, you're double counting on the tax because it's included in the dilution. You don't know where we were in the $10 million to $15 million restructure savings in June, so we could have been at the low end and now at the high end and that's a $15 million delta. Patricia talked about the interest expense. That's now at the low end because we ended up doing the bond deal in August, but.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. And just overall, while you're right in terms of the savings related to the restructuring that we announced in June, as I also mentioned, we're just overall holding the line on discretionary spending beyond that specific impact. And you could see that in our third quarter, where, ex-M&A, we were actually down year-over-year in our SM&A, excluding marketing-related expenses. So it's all of those movements, and it's a pretty big number. Yeah, I was going to make the same point Mark did. Just to be really clear, the tax impact related to Shanghai Golden Monkey NOLs is part of the walk of the dilution number moving from $0.20 to $0.35.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. So just final follow-up here for me then, J.P., there's a lot of moving parts. It seems to me then that the focus is still just back on the sales line, and you've got slightly weaker than expected U.S. sales and, clearly, weaker China sales. But you seem to be giving us the statement or this confidence that 2016 is clearly better and will be better. And I think is that the message here, is it that some of the things that are been happening, that you just have a very strong line of sight to that the company will do better in 2016 on the top-line?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know, I think, David, we want to go execute against the fundamentals in the business. We continue to be optimistic about the category and the role the category plays with retailers. We have a pretty balanced look at 2016, from both a top and bottom-line standpoint, and we'll talk a bit more about that in January. At this point, with some of the things we're seeing with the consumer, I think it's important that we focus on the things we can control. We've got to make sure that our portfolio is compelling and we participate where we think that the consumer is going. And we'll continue to read those things, but we have to get in a position where we're winning share every day, and growing our brands. And we feel good about the plans we have. We feel good about the innovation contribution to our business. So from those standpoints, I am optimistic. I do think there are some macro issues that are impacting retailers as well as our business. And so we've got to operate within that environment.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for the comments.
Operator: Your next question will come from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Maybe you could give us a little more detail, J.P., on your comment about being under-leveraged in the value segment. Are you considering introducing newer products or new initiatives to get bigger in dollar stores? Is that kind of what you're hinting around at?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, yeah, sure. I'd love to talk about that. So in the chocolate segment, we believe we've been under-represented in the premium part of the category. While it's a relatively small piece, less than 10% of the total category consumption, we recognize that we have to do a better job there. In the value segment, a lot of what happened this year was really around sugar confectionery and sweets. And we think The Allan Candy acquisition will enable us to do well there. We also think there were some manufacturers that probably benefited from the spot price of sugar. And based on where things are manufactured, that could have given them an opportunity to invest in the category more so than in the past. So the beauty of The Hershey brand is, is it's one of the most accessible brands that there is. Chocolate in our country from all manufacturers, it's the best value per pound of any place in the world. So I think frequency is something we have to make sure that we're driving. I think the portfolio is largely attractive in chocolate, but we need to work on the high end. And in the low end, we need to work on the sweet side. And that can be channel-specific, as well as across many other retailers. So that's how I'd like you think about it.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And can I ask a quick follow-up? The lower merchandising levels, it just kind of feels like that's kind of a new normal, especially for one big retailer. But your guidance, you're kind of talking about it as if merchandising can reaccelerate. How are you thinking of merchandising practices at retail for the category? Do you think they accelerate next year?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we like to think that we work well with all of the retailers across their different needs and the changing initiatives and things that they may have. So, we'll continue to focus on the places in the store where retailers want the merchandise and then we have to win that. And if the way that we bring consumers to the category changes, we have to adapt to that. And some of that could be advertising; some of it could be different types of merchandising and so on. So we always have to be flexible in the way we go to market and win where retailers have strategies and how that they want to connect with the consumers. So, I would expect us to do that. It's not the first time in the history of the world that people have had clean floor policies or tried to clean up merchandising and get things out of the back room and a whole list of different things. So, we'll adjust with that and we'll win wherever we can.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey. Good morning.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Two questions; one is, over the last several years, many packaged food companies have shifted its algorithm to more of a margin focus. And your repeated commentary about balance, is there maybe not a sea change, but a shift in how you're thinking about your algorithm more to a cost restructuring, even in both in the U.S. and China? And my second question is, in terms of category adjacencies, you've had mixed performance on certain category adjacencies, so trying to figure out how you're getting more confident in moving into the snack bites, the snack bars categories, and how do you assess the adjacencies.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah. I mean, one thing, Ken, and I think on the balance, how we were thinking about it is, yes, I know we're lapping a lot of one-time type of costs related to China this year, but I think the way we've always thought about this business and even before we got into snacks, there's never a shortage of places to invest around here. And I think we have a lot of good, big buckets that you'll see us continue to invest in on not only our core business, which is always number one, but always some of the snacks and adjacencies that we're talking about.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think good examples of that are KRAVE. We've got our Brookside bars. We mentioned Allan a little bit earlier. And as we continue to look at snacking in total, we've got a number of things that are on the innovation front that, as appropriate, we'll be bringing those things to market. So I think as Mark says, a lot of places to invest that are attractive and, as appropriate, we'll continue to expand our portfolio.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So there's not going to be a heightened focus on restructuring or cost savings?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. I think the way to think about it is, is that first of all, I think it's important that we always act with a scarcity mentality. And certainly, you've seen some of that in the numbers that we're talking about today in terms of where we're spending and choosing to spend. So I think we'll continue that, that way. We also want to invest in markets where we're trying to grow our brands, and volume is always the magic elixir, so pace is important to think about. So where we see there's opportunities, we need to go to the ball there. And when growth is a little tougher or less attractive, we need to moderate in those places as well. We'll continue to do that, but we want to be a consumer-centric brand-building company, and we'll invest appropriately.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Jason.
Jason M. English - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for squeezing me in. Real quick housekeeping question and then back to some of the other stuff we've been talking about; the second installment for Shanghai Golden Monkey, where do we stand on that?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, we're still working through and negotiating our position with them around the second closing. We're still trying to bring clarity to a number of different issues where we may have different points of view around some things. And so that's all still in process, but we feel good about the progress that we're making.
Operator: And we'll go next to Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Can I ask about as you look forward, the algorithm for sales growth in North America has been pretty heavily price-focused for the last 10 years or so. I think you've taken three either high single digit or low double digit price increases for good commodity-based reasons. It seems as though the cocoa commodity prices have been reasonably steady, albeit at peak levels for the last few years. Going forward, does it have to become much more volume mix-based, because it will be harder without a commodity-driven step-up to take more pricing? How are you thinking about the U.S. sales growth formula going forward? Thank you.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think the first place that we would start is that we continue to believe that the category historically is going to grow in the 3% to 4% range. So that's a starting point. If you look over the last decade or even longer, growth has always been a combination almost equally split between price and volume. And as we go through this current period, it continues to track around that model. So what we believe is, as I said earlier, the real influencers on the category are really around this trips issue that has impacted the business more than it has been on price. So I don't think the historical norms have changed. Obviously, in chocolate, where we're a 45% share in the category, we have a lot of responsibility in terms of category growth. So we have to innovate and grow and compete for consumer occasions, which are growing all the time across day parts. And so we have to participate in that. But I don't think there's anything around the category itself that would cause us to think that price, et cetera, is different. Now, to your point, if we move into a period of time where commodities are less of a driver around the price piece, as we've said historically, you know we're a gross margin-focused company, and we would have to make sure that we continue to do that to maintain the attractive gross margins that we have today. But I wouldn't see us thinking about that significantly different.
Operator: And we'll go next to Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just one question, I just wanted to get a little bit of clarification on the true-up on trade promotions in China. I just want to make sure I heard this right. It's $80 million less than your expectation, so I guess the gap between gross and net sales...
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I'm glad you asked for the clarification. No, what we're saying is after the true-up, our current net sales estimate is about $80 million.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah. I think it was around $90 million, Bryan, last time we spoke to you guys.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Time we talked.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So the true-up in the quarter was about a $10 million differential?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: For the year.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: For the year.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: For the year. Okay. And then, just as we think about that for next year, does it imply that whatever your expectations were for net pricing at the start of the year, you just have a different base net price? And so as you go into next year, it's not that you necessarily add that back, it's just your net price is lower than what you were originally assuming or is there something about that true-up that your net price realization that you'll recognize will be a little bit better next year?
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah, I mean, on a hypothetical basis, Bryan, if gross sales are the same year-over-year, net sales would be up, because I have all this trade running through between gross and net sales this year. So in a hypothetical situation where gross sales are the same year-over-year, net sales would be up, assuming there's no more trade.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: But I think it's also fair to say that it is overall just a rebase to a lower level as well in terms of the gross sales.
Operator: And this concludes our Q&A session. I'd like to turn our program back to our speakers for closing remarks.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you for joining us for this morning's call. I'll be available all morning and afternoon, too, for any follow-ups that you may have.
Operator: And this does conclude today's program. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Michele G. Buck - President-North America
Analysts: Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Hershey Company's second quarter 2015 results conference call. My name is Steve, and I'll be your conference operator today. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Steve. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company second quarter 2015 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman President and CEO and Patricia Little, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide you with an overview of results which will then be followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2014 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating the performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2015 second quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $282 million or $1.23 per share diluted primarily related to a non-cash impairment charge and cost associated with the business productivity initiative announced in June. Our discussion of any future projection will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark. I want to thank all of you on the phone line and webcast for joining us today. And our long-term strategic planning cycle, we know there is always the potential for volatility, particularly in international markets. The combination of macroeconomic influences and competitive activity in our core China chocolate business along with disappointing Golden Monkey performance have resulted in negative short-term results in this part of business. I'll talk more about this in a few minutes. Importantly, we're committed to our long-term strategic plan and believe the balance of performance of the strong North America business and attractive growth opportunities in key international markets should enable us to deliver solid growth over the long term. Our scale and profitable North American business gives us flexibility in the near term while maintaining focus on building our brands in China, Mexico, Brazil and India. The investments we've made in North America over the last few years are paying dividends. Our focus on consumer capabilities and customer insights provides us with the framework to build our brands with retailers. We're also working with innovative firms like Palantir that are building our predictive, analytical capabilities in the areas of consumer insights and enterprise connectivity. The implementation of the U.S. price increase we announced last year is on track and the related CMG volume elasticity is in line with our modeling. This was partially offset by increased levels of promotions and discounts related to the spreads and baking chips businesses. Our overall year-to-date U.S. retail takeaway of 3.1% is in line with our expectations. However, this was impacted by a shorter Easter season. Looking at the everyday base CMG business, retail takeaway was up mid-single digits in the second quarter. This is a solid indicator that our advertising or pull efforts is working. Additionally, our continued focus on core brands has resulted in market share growth all across The Hershey's, Kit Kat, Brookside, Kisses and Ice Breakers franchises. We continue to optimize and refine our North America marketing model and execution capabilities. We're focused on advertising and marketing returns and are optimizing our spending across the portfolio. For example, we are increasing our investment in the highest return chocolate business and increasing digital within our media mix. We're also leveraging our precision marketing capability to accelerate growth by executing in-store programming against consumer and geographic preferences by store. Where we're implementing these plans, those retailers are outperforming the market. Nielsen's second quarter measures do not encompass the entire Easter season in both the year ago and current periods. Therefore, my remarks will refer to year-to-date marketplace performance for the 28 weeks ended July 11. Year-to-date, CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, category growth in the xAOC+C channels was up plus 2.7%. The Hershey's CMG retail takeaway for the year-to-date period through July 11, 2015, in channels that account for about 90% of our U.S. retail business was up 3.1%. Looking past the Easter timeframe, as expected, our retail takeaway accelerated and is up 4.8% for the eight weeks ending July 11. Our overall market share increased to 31.3%, an increase of 0.1 points. Performance by segment is tracking as expected with share gains in chocolate, mint and gum. We're pleased with our chocolate performance where our year-to-date working share is up 0.3 points. This is partially offset by non-chocolate candy performance where we lost market share, as anticipated, as we lapped prior-year JOLLY RANCHER line extensions and last year's launch of Lancaster. We're also making progress within snacks. Brookside bars are now available with initial demand and velocity we need to be on par with the category leaders. This launch as well as Snack Bites and Snack Mix products will expand our confection equities to source volume across the broader snacking space. Recent spread is on track as this flavor profile is differentiated versus the other chocolate spreads within the category. However, the overall jar segment of the chocolate spread category had slowed with household penetration flattish. The instant consumable segment in the spreads category is growing, although it's become more competitive. The Krave business and integration is on track versus our plans. Krave is growing faster than all major competitors, driven by distribution and velocity gains. Items per store and merchandising is growing and net sales should nearly double this year. Outside of the U.S. in our international markets beyond China, business is relatively on track with our plans. In Mexico, net sales in local currency are up mid-single-digits on a percentage basis versus last year and in line with the retail takeaway. As expected, the category at Hershey continue to improve as we lap the VAT tax that was instituted last year. In Brazil, net sales in local currency declined mid-single-digits on a percentage basis versus last year due to the timing of Easter and last year's Reese's launch. But despite the tough macroeconomic environment, year-to-date the chocolate category growth in Brazil has been resilient and is up high single-digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Our market share in Brazil is up 0.3 points with Hershey's and Reese's continuing to gain traction. Now let me address the challenges that we're facing in China. Our chocolate performance this year has been impacted by macroeconomic challenges that we believe impacted shopping behavior. Recall we gained market share in the first quarter, but our growth was lower than the historical performance and our own expectations. And in the second quarter, while category growth returned to low double digits, competitive activity increased as manufacturers responded to poor Chinese New Year sell-through. This resulted in higher levels have increased trade, promotion allowance, discounts that impacted net sales and profitability. June year-to-date chocolate category growth in China was nearly 6%. Hershey year-to-date China chocolate retail takeaway was 4.3%, with market share off 0.1 point. We believe the category will continue to increase at the low double-digit rate we saw in the second quarter, putting it on track to be up 8% to 10% for the full year. Some of the initial work we've done to help ensure that we execute against our plan in China and get back to our winnings ways includes the broader rollout of Brookside Chocolates, distribution into smaller format stores, and continued focus and acceleration of our e-commerce business. Our e-commerce business, while small, is up 60% this year. We're partnering with key third-party online retailers like Tmall, Jingdong, and Yihaodian and learning a lot about digital consumers in China that will help us going forward. China is a priority market for us and we'll be focused on executing against our core brand building business model. For 120 years, our company has persevered and prospered with great people, purpose, and brands, and we believe this model will work in China as we look to gain share in this evolving country and category. As it relates to Shanghai Golden Monkey, I'd like to address some of the factors leading to the estimated impairment charge that we announced in this morning's press release. As we've indicated previously, we acquired the Golden Monkey business to broaden our footprint in China by leveraging both the sales force and the regional and local distributor network in order to diversify Hershey's Chocolate growth, which has historically been leveraged to Tier 1 hypermarkets. Results have been disappointing. We initially thought this was primarily due to macroeconomic headwinds in China. As the integration has progressed and the situation on the ground evolved, we've come to understand that there are significant business issues that we need to address in order to achieve our goals. Accounts receivable collection has remained challenging, and sales continued to slow in the second quarter. Our assessment of the distributor network has made it clear that the network is not as stable as we believed, and therefore the related retail customer reach is not as broad as we believed it to be. As a result, the sales forecast for the business in 2015 around $90 million is less than our initial expectations of at least $200 million. This disappointing performance is impacting profitability. Despite these near-term results, we remain committed to the long-term success of this acquisition as well as the China market. We're taking steps to build a strong foundation for future success, including the appointment of a new chairman and general manager for Golden Monkey with solid China consumer packaged goods experience. We're also looking at the cost structure and different integration strategies that are intended to get the business back on track as quickly as possible. We'll continue to assess and address these issues and their impact on the value of the business as we work towards acquiring the remaining 20% of the business, which we now anticipate will occur in the fourth quarter of 2015. The timing and terms of the second closing will be informed by the results of our ongoing assessment. We estimate that our international and other segment net sales will be about $1 billion this year, with a chocolate share of nearly 10% in China, 14% in Mexico, and 5% Brazil. We like the future growth outlook and prospects of these markets, which are an integral part of our international profile. Now to wrap up, core brand merchandising, programming, and innovation accelerates over the remainder of the year. With the exception of China, there's no change to our advertising and marketing methodology. In these same markets, we continue to refine our plans and we expect North America advertising and related consumer marketing expense to increase at a rate about two times greater than the organic net sales growth rate, and it's generating results. Patricia will provide you with all the details related to the full-year outlook. But excluding China chocolate, M&A and unfavorable FX, net sales are expected to be up around 3.5% to 4%. We feel confident in our North America business plans, where we generate the majority of the company's sales and earnings. The situation continues to evolve in China, and our outlook reflects all the inputs that are available to us today. While further volatility could occur in this market, we wouldn't expect it to have a material impact on our cash flow and strong balance sheet. Our profitable and on-track North America business more than offsets the expected dilution from acquisitions and divestitures, primarily Golden Monkey, of about $0.20 per share, which we expect will result in 2015 full-year adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of 3% to 5%. Let me end by saying that despite these challenges, I am optimistic about our future. We're focused and know what we need to do to succeed. We're building strong plans that will put us in a position to win wherever we compete. I'm very pleased that we continue to work as a focused team across the entire company. We have experienced leaders in place who have strong records of success and are all focused on increasing value for our shareholders. Now let me turn it over to Patricia, who will provide some additional detail on our financial results.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, J.P. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Second quarter net sales of $1.58 billion were in line with our revised guidance and generated adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.78, an increase of 2.6% versus last year. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rate of 1.3 points, net sales increased 1.3% versus the year-ago period. Pricing and net acquisitions and divestitures were a 5.8 percentage point and a 1.4 percentage point benefit, partially offset by 3.6 points of volume elasticity related to the previously-mentioned price increase and lower sales in China. Promotional spending, driven by China direct trade and returns, discounts and allowances, was a 2.3 percentage point headwind. As J.P. stated, North America continues to perform well. As is typical, the second quarter is our smallest quarter as it relates to overall net sales growth given the launch and timing of new products and seasonal growth associated with Halloween and holiday. North American net sales increased by 1.8% versus last year. Excluding the 60 basis point impact of unfavorable foreign-exchange rates in Canada, net sales increased 2.4%. North America net sales were slightly better than expectations, primarily due to solid U.S. CMG performance that was partially offset by snacks and grocery softness, primarily due to increased spreads and baking chips competitive activity. Net price realization was 5.5 point benefit and was offset by volume of 3.6 percentage points due to snacks and grocery sales that were less than anticipated and elasticity related to the pricing actions that was in line with estimates. On a net basis, The Allan Candy Company and Krave acquisitions as well as the Mauna Loa divestiture was a 50 basis point benefit. Turning now to margins, adjusted gross margins increased 130 basis points in the second quarter, driven by net price realization and supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives. Partially offset by obsolescence, unfavorable sales mix and lower volumes. For the full year, we continue to expect that gross margin will increase 135 basis points to 145 basis points, driven by price realization. Operating profit in the second quarter increased 3.3% versus last year, resulting in operating profit margins of 18.3%. The increase was driven by gross margin gains and a decrease in advertising and related consumer marketing expense of about 3%, primarily in China. As expected, North America operating profit increased double digits on a percentage basis versus last year and was ahead of plan. This was partially offset by international performance, again primarily China. Excluding the acquisitions and divestitures, SM&A expenses excluding advertising and related consumer marketing was about the same as the year-ago period. Now let me provide a brief update on our international business. Total international and other segment net sales for the second quarter declined 12.1% versus last year. Unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates were a six-point headwind, and the Shanghai Golden Monkey acquisition was an eight point benefit. The international and other segment core business was off about 14 points due primarily to China chocolate business performance where sales declined $35 million. We believe China chocolate category performance was impacted by macroeconomic challenges and trends that are affecting consumer behavior, lower trips in Tier 1 hypermarkets, increased competitive activity, and accelerated momentum of e-Commerce and online purchases. As JP stated, over the remainder of the year, we're focused on the broader rollout of Brookside chocolates, distribution into smaller format stores, and continued focus and acceleration of our e-Commerce business. None of us are happy with the developments around the Golden Monkey acquisition and integration. Our latest outlook for the business is obviously different than the acquisition model. Our initial estimated non-cash impairment charge of about $250 million reflects the write down of the goodwill. There is a lot of in-country analysis and fieldwork going on to assess the potential of the business and the value of the sales and distributor network. Once this work is complete, we'll have a final amount related to the impairment charge. We estimate full year Golden Monkey net sales of about $90 million, but this is subject to change based on the ongoing work mentioned previously. On a constant-currency basis, net sales in Mexico, Brazil, and India were relatively in line with our expectations. Given the macroeconomic and competitive environment in Mexico and Brazil, we're pleased with our performance. Looking at year-to-date because of Easter timing, local currency sales in Mexico and Brazil are up about 10% and 7% respectively. Plans are in place that should result in similar net sales increases over the remainder of the year. In India, Q2 local currency sales were off about 2%. The brands that we are investing in, JOLLY RANCHER, Sofit and Jumpin are up double digits. This was offset by the legacy low margin hard candy business, which we previously indicated we would rationalize. Therefore, we expect total international and other segment net sales, including foreign currency headwinds and net contribution from M&A to decline mid-single digits for the full year. Moving down the P&L, second quarter interest expense of $18.9 million declined $2.4 million versus last year. For the full year we continue to expect interest expense to be in the $75 million to $80 million range. The adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 35.3%, relatively in line with our estimates. Last quarter, we stated that the full year adjusted net tax rate would be slightly lower than a year ago. Driven by U.S. government investment tax credits, we expect the tax rate to be about 30% in the second half of the year and around 32.5% for the full year. However, there will be a corresponding offset or expense related to the write-down of the investment tax credit within the other income and expense line item. Hence the net effect of the full year net income of the tax credits is only about $5 million. For the second quarter of 2015, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 221 million shares, leading to an adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.78, or an increase of 2.6% versus a year ago. Let me now provide a quick recap of year-to-date adjusted results. Net sales increased 1.9% in the first half. Excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates, net sales increased 3.1% versus the year ago period. Operating profit decreased 2%, resulting in an operating profit margin of 19.4%. Year-to-date adjusted gross margin was 46.6% versus 46% last year, or 60 basis points higher as a result of net price realization gains and supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives partially offset by higher input costs and obsolescence. Adjusted earnings per share diluted in the first half decreased about 1.6% to $1.87 per share. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the second quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year's second quarter by $80 million. Accounts receivable were higher by $20 million and remain extremely current. Inventory was higher by $19 million and accounts payable declined by $41 million. Total capital additions, including software, were $90 million in the second quarter. For the year, we continue to expect total capital expenditures to be about $375 million to $400 million, including the capital related to the Johor, Malaysia project of about $110 million. During the second quarter, depreciation and amortization was $60 million, in line with our estimates. Dividends paid were $115 million. Earlier today, we announced a dividend increase of 9%. We have strong North American marketplace position and remain confident about the long term growth potential of our business. In the second quarter, no shares have been purchased against the $250 million authorization approved in February 2015. In the second quarter, the company repurchased $9 million of common shares, or $143 million year-to-date, to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options. Cash and short term investments at the end of the second quarter were $402 million. This is lower than a year ago, primarily due to the Krave and Golden Monkey acquisitions. The company continues to generate substantial free cash flow and has a strong balance sheet. It is well positioned to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements and acquisitions. As J. P. summarized, over the remainder of the year, net sales will be driven by strong Halloween and holiday seasonal programming and the continued rollout of new products in North America. In addition we have made adjustments to the China business strategy to address the changing environment. In North America, advertising and related consumer marketing is expected to increase about two times the organic net sales growth rate. These investments will enable us to build on our North America momentum, positioning us to deliver on our objectives. As a result, the company estimates full year net sales will increase about 1.5% to 2.5%, including a net contribution from acquisition and divestitures of about one point and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates of about 1.5 points. Excluding unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, full year net sales are expected to increase about 3% to 4%. We continue to have a significant focus on gross margin and expect solid North America price realization and productivity and cost savings to result in 2015 gross margin expansion of 135 basis points to 145 basis points. Combined with the $10 million to $15 million in savings from the productivity initiatives announced in June, we expect adjusted earnings per share diluted to be in the $4.10 to $4.18 range, an increase of 3% to 5% versus last year. This includes dilution from acquisitions and divestitures of about $0.20 per share. Thank you for your time this morning. J.P., Mark and I will now take any questions you may have.
Operator: Our first question is from Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, Matthew.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Matthew.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks. J.P., I just wanted to ask two questions, which I guess point a little bit toward setting our expectations for the next 12 to 18 months. Just firstly on the international and other business, you've faced some structural issues in the category, but obviously a fair number of temporary headwinds as well. And just as we're thinking about your expectations for the margin profile of that segment, is there any guidance you can give us just to help set our bearings for where things could correct to in 2016 once promotion subsides, once all the inventory absorption is behind you?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Specifically on that, I think I would make two comments. The first comment is we're always gross margin focused, and we're always very aware of how can we ensure that the activities that we have outside the U.S. are directionally constructive for us from a gross margin standpoint as we continue to build our manufacturing footprint around the world. We continue I think to head in a positive direction there. In terms of investment and structure, we want to make sure that we continue to pace ourselves to right-size for what we see as the opportunity. So as you know, we currently have this project in place where we're looking at the structure of the organization, so we'll be very mindful of that. And then as we specifically look at a market like China and we think about investments in the second half, we want to make sure that the profile that we have in terms of DMEs, et cetera, is appropriate to what we see as the opportunities and where we continue to expand our brand. So we're going to be working on building our core distribution. We want to continue to deepen our distribution coverage. But at the same time, based on that pace we'll also dictate how we activate our brands from a DME standpoint, et cetera. So I think those are some things that you'll continue to see.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, J.P.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And then just with respect to share repurchases, Patricia, you talked about the fact that you've done relatively little this year other than offsetting the options dilution. But as a result of working through some of the issues that you've been facing and the impact on the stock, is your thinking regarding the opportunity to utilize the share repurchase authorization shifting at all? What's the argument against increasing leverage a bit and becoming a bit more active on the buybacks?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I would point out that long term we really haven't shifted our point of view. Our first goal is to invest in the business both organically and through M&A. Then we're going to look to the dividend and then to share repurchase. But I take your point. I think it's a good one, and it's one of the things that we're looking hard at in this space. So basically in the second quarter, we're very focused on China, making sure that we had good line of sight on that and that we really could see our way forward on that. But it's certainly something that's on my radar screen, and I'd say watch this space.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you both.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, Bryan.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, everyone. J.P., my question is about your long-term growth objectives. And I guess when you set them originally, there was better growth, especially in the international markets you were targeting, so the macro was better. And since then, the growth has slowed. And also, frankly, you've made an acquisition which isn't going to turn out to grow as fast as you thought. And you made that acquisition with the assumption of it helping you achieve your growth objectives. So I guess my question is, A), why not, or are you considering, and why shouldn't the long-term growth objectives come down? And second, if they're not, what's going to be better to help you get there? Because the goodwill write-down in and of itself suggests that Golden Monkey won't deliver as much growth as you thought, and also it seems like the macro is slower. So if you could just square those for us, that would be helpful. Thanks.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's probably a bit too early to talk about some of the long-term guidance as we continue to look at a number of the forces and factors that we're dealing with. At the same time, we continue to be very positive on a number of pieces of our business. Certainly, we feel like North America is firming and heading in the right direction. We want to continue to invest there. And our other international markets, ex-China things are about where we thought they would be. Obviously, FX is a headwind and is beyond our ability to predict perfectly. And so before we add specificity, I would say, to how we want to think about the long term, we really need to get our hands around some of these shorter-term issues. But in terms of our business model strategies that we have, we're still very committed to that. And I guess one of the things I would say is, when you look at a focused strategy like we have in our international businesses around some very attractive core markets, we don't have a legacy of businesses in every corner of the earth. We get the significant advantage of those markets when they're doing really well, and we feel that when there could be some bumps along the way, but we still think it's the right approach. We're still very early in building our brands. And so I continue to be really optimistic about the long-term forecast. And usually, we talk about that in the fall, and we'll add specificity at that time.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But fair to say that's part of the process that you're going through your planning process for next year and your evaluation phase, it's something you are evaluating?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. And I think it's important to remember that North America is probably growing at a 3% to 4% range. That's really healthy. We feel good about our innovation pipeline. So as we talk about our growth algorithm, that is still in place. We continue to grow market share. So let us get back to you with the specificity in the fall, and just assume that we want to have the best sense of how we see the business coming out of this year.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Goldman.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Operator, do we have another question?
Operator: Yes. Our next question is from Ken Goldman.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Can you hear me?
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Goldman.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone, so two questions. This was the second biggest 2Q gross margin in company history, just by higher inputs. Your gross margins are going up at a time when many food companies are heading the other way. You have cocoa and milk dropping next year, which is possible, and you keep getting productivity, you're going to see another gross margin jump again. So I just wanted to pick your brain a little bit, not to criticize actually, it's obviously a great trend, but how sustainable is that? Because I know the chocolate category has very little private label, but the history of food, right, is when gross margins get too high, eventually value-oriented competitors are going to sniff out an opportunity here. So I'm just curious, how do you balance that between the goal of taking margin and growing it and making sure you're not creating a price umbrella to create or attract competition?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think a couple of things that I would just point to is we always talk being gross margin focused, but we also at the same time don't really set for ourselves a specific level of gross margin that we have to be at. And if you look at the scale that we have in North America and the value of high quality chocolate that's available in North America. It's the best cost per pound of chocolate really anywhere in the world across the major manufacturers. And I think that's one of the things that the value that the category offers has really been one of the things that's insulated it from significant owned label or private-label entry points. So that's really the biggest thing that's probably kept it there. I think another thing that we're thinking a little bit differently about, Ken, that may be from some of the things we've said in the past, while we still have the majority of our portfolio which is both a good value and really mass-position, we also are really spending a lot of time thinking about the premium segment as well, and so we're really thinking about it a little bit more broadly in terms of total available share across the categories. So I think that's another way that we look at within our core business expanding our footprint.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. Shifting quickly, one of the reasons Golden Monkey was bought was for the distribution right, and the ability of Hersey to flow its legacy product into some new regions or channels.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I realize Golden Monkey itself has been disappointing, but has that other element of its appeal, right, that opening of new paths for Kisses, et cetera, been, I guess, impaired in any meaningful way?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think the strategy and intent we have with Golden Monkey is still intact. I think what we're really looking at is understanding the rightsizing and some of the business model practices that we have on a global basis and how do we integrate the broadest spectrum of distributors into that. So I think in terms of if you look at that business on a weighted basis and do we still have value within some of those distributors, the fact of the matter is, yes, and the strategy is right. At the same time, as you can imagine, as you take a significant number of distributors and you try to align them into a new business model, there's things that you've got to make changes, and we're addressing that quite transparently upfront. We want to get moving ahead with building the business, so all the reasons that drew us to that business and being able to expand our footprint in China, still are there. We just have to get all the business practices aligned with what we believe is appropriate and what's required of us as a U.S. corporation.
Kenneth B. Goldman - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, and congrats on the new headquarters, too.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line's open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. I was just looking at the forecast for what the implication is for what North America has to do in the back half. And so if you have – I think you said international sales would probably come in around $1 billion for the year, and so it's pretty easy to paint that out for international. I'm getting something along the lines of like 3.5% top line growth for North America, then. And that would be an acceleration from the first half, and I just want to understand if I'm getting the numbers right and whether you're expecting the business to be better in the second half?
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hey, Rob, it's Mark. I know going back to even the January and the April calls, we've been saying we would expect North America organic sales to be up 3% to 3.5%, and we're certainly tracking towards that today, and the retail takeaway is in line with that. I think through the first half of the year, we're pretty close to actually 3%, and you're right, it is greater than that in the second half, and I know there are a number of new products and fees in that, J.P. or Michele can address. But I think you're thinking about it the right way.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me – Michele Buck, as you know, is the President of our North American business, he's here with us this morning, why don't I ask her to give us a little bit of perspective on the business in North America.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Michele G. Buck - President-North America: Hey, hello. Good morning, guys. Let me talk a little bit about North America overall, and then I'll hit some of the highlights of some of the great programming that we have coming in the back half so that you can get a little bit more color underneath what's going on there. As we look at the year, certainly our core brands are doing really well, and a healthy core is a key foundation to our business. We believe our advertising is working, we're investing, as you know, this year incrementally behind that to really support the pricing conversion. Our advertising appears to be working. We have shifted some of our spend to digital. We think that's a really smart move and while we don't have all of the robust analytics we have on base advertising, it appears to be working quite well. We have a new campaign on Hersey that appears to be resonating really well with millennials and driving some nice growth there. As we came into the year, we said a lot of the year would be dependent on us having successful execution of the pricing and the price conversion is on track, so we feel great about that. As I look at innovation, and I'll speak a little bit to the back half of the year, there's a couple of factors that give us confidence in the back half, and I'd say that's innovation, continued momentum on the core and strong visibility to our seasonal sell-ins. Both Halloween and holiday, we have very strong sell-ins. We have the visibility to what the customers are going to buy, so we know what those numbers look like, so feel great about that. And as we look at our innovation, as you recall we launched in Q2 Hershey's Caramels, Ice Breakers Cool Blasts, so they're really just hitting the marketplace, and the results to date have been very positive. Cool Blasts, our trial and velocities are exceeding expectations, and the distribution was a bit slower than we anticipated so we have more to come in the back half, so that should accelerate. Brookside Snack Bars is just launching now, and again, the velocities in market look quite strong, but all the benefit of that volume will come in the back half. We've Kisses Deluxe that hits in Q4, Snack Bites and Snack Mix launching now, and then the acquisitions, especially Krave, will really accelerate towards the back half of the year as Hershey gets more involved with the integration and execution.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thanks for all the detail. One quick question also on tax rate. If I run through the numbers on the tax rate guidance for 30% for the next two quarters, but then it's offset by other expense, the other expense is really high. I'm getting something along the lines of $40 million of other expense.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, in fact a little bit higher than that, so we would expect that other expense to be $55 million to $60 million. It's the structure of these investment tax credits where you write them off in the top part of your P&L and the credit part comes in the tax rates.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So it's a write-off?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. In the other income and expense will be the write-off piece and the full benefit of the credit will be in the tax rate.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I guess let me ask a bigger picture question, J. P. In terms of the company's, let's say, M&A capabilities, because I know, and this goes back a ways, but I know that at one point in time years ago when you tried to establish a business in China it disappeared overnight and there was a small write-off. The company's history in Europe was one of failure, and now we have this SGM mess. So is there, say, like is there – given the M&A, it seems like it's still going to be part of your future as you move globally, like is there something like culturally missing or on the due diligence process that you've done in the past that's just for whatever reason seemingly made the company deal with M&A problems kind of after the deal is signed?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think, Eric, certainly some of the comments you've made about whether it was Europe or some of these other things, those are certainly pieces of the history. I think also inside there, you look at Brookside, obviously we're on the early side of Krave, Pelon has been a good one. We've had some joint ventures, some have gone quite well, and others we've chosen at particular times to exit from. The thing that I would tell you and I think what's important is we look at this, we've – if you were to put it within the context of our due diligence process, I don't think we've gone about it in any errant way. We use the best advisors, the best names and family names that you can think of in terms of who you would partner with on looking at these things. I think the landscape in China is certainly a challenging one, and we're certainly finding that out. At the same time, we're being, I think, appropriate in terms of recognizing things when we understand them, and I don't think it's as if there's no value to the strategies we have in Canada. I think the other thing, Eric, that you don't see is that there's a lot of things that we do work on that we pass on, and we pass on it for exactly the kinds of things that you would expect that either once we get under the hood they don't yield what we anticipated or there's things that we're concerned about. So in terms of rigor and so forth, I don't think there's any lack of that. Our goal is to get as many of these things right as we possibly can. You're correct, M&A is going to be important to our overall growth, and you can rest assured that we're reviewing every aspect of everything along the way with regard to this particular acquisition to make sure we learn as much as we can going forward. I'd like to think that we don't have some dark cloud that follows us and somehow we are jinxed, but at any rate that's really kind of how I think about it.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks for that. And then as a follow up, it just seems like in the second half, I guess, were there some, I guess, maybe one time issues, and I'm just kind of wondering initially how we should think about that to next year. Are these tax structures that you're, I guess, benefiting from or unwinding or however you want to describe it, do those go away next year? And is your comp expense being lowered in the second half and therefore is likely a headwind to next year?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So let me deal with part of it and probably it's more appropriate if Patricia deal with part of it. As we look at our performance this year, certainly as we accrue for comp, we take into consideration what we believe our performance might be and how that works with our comp plans. But we accrue comp at a rate that assumes what our plan rates are, so we typically don't find big swings there, although if you have a year where adding comp is lower and your performance is higher in the subsequent year, that's a cost but usually the momentum of the business really takes that into consideration. And so usually those are things that aren't that challenging to overcome. And then on the tax bit, I'll let Patricia speak to that.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So you're right, the tax credits that we're doing this year are a period. We can do them again next year, so we'll have that opportunity. And frankly, I'm just getting into our tax attributes and looking forward to finding places to improve upon them. I'll just add one point to the comments J.P. made about some of the other things going on in our expense lines, and that is we're really pleased with the execution on our restructuring that we're in the middle of right now. We're very much on plan, on track to get the expected benefit from that next year, so that will be positive momentum for us next year compared to this year. We'll get a piece of it this year, but the bulk of it will come next year.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question is from David Driscoll from Citigroup.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you and good morning. So I wanted to go back to China here and just ask a couple of questions. The first one, J.P., is just, and this has nothing to do with Shanghai Golden Monkey. I want to focus on the chocolate operations. The chocolate category in that market is still a very small category relative to the size of the country, $2.7 billion.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Your operation is even smaller there. I think last year it was $185 million or something like that. So I suppose what's so hard to understand from the outside is why aren't ongoing distribution gains the dominant factor in driving the business? Why is it that we're looking at – I think in your script you gave like a 4% number for Hershey and a 6% number for the category. I feel like Hershey's story in China is you're in 14 cities where you advertise or something like that, and you should be in 100 cities. So what am I getting wrong here, and why is this growth not being dominated by distribution expansion across this incredibly large and hopefully hungry for chocolate country?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, David, I think your comments are certainly appropriate and interesting, and I think we think about it the same way. I guess the execution of accomplishing it is a bit of the pace and challenge. So let me just reset a little bit. If you think about our business in China and distribution build, as you rightly say, we continue to build out our distribution. It's largely – if you look at our business, about 60% to 65% of our business is done in three channels. It's done in Tier 1 hypermarkets. It's done in supermarkets, and about 15% of the business in both B2C and B2B is done in e-commerce. So our Tier 1 development is pretty significant and specific, and so we've been building – if you go back over the last five years, you've heard us talk about 10 cities and 35 cities and 110 cities. But a lot of that is really focused in very narrow channels versus maybe what we ultimately want to have happen. And those channels also happen to be ones that were most impacted by some of the macroeconomic influences. And then our portfolio in China tends to lend itself a bit more towards gifting than it does the everyday business. So when you put all of those things together, and our portfolio there is still relatively narrow, it has made us a bit more volatile to some of these forces and factors than I would like to see going forward. So your hypothesis of the importance of growing distribution is absolutely right, and that's what we're focused on and that's what we want to ultimately be able to do with Shanghai Golden Monkey and HISL is to be able to get into the best distributors with the best footprint and push a broader portfolio of our brands into distribution. So that's really where we're headed. That hasn't changed. While we're all frustrated sometimes by the bumps in the road along the way, certainly we're experiencing some of that. But I think as we look over the long term, I continue to have the same commitment and confidence of how we're going to grow our business there. And your first comment is the one that I'd like to end on. This is about category building. It's not about fighting for market share. It's about participating in the growth of this category for the future in a very large and attractive market.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I appreciate the comments. Thank you.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Growe from Stifel.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet, thank you.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. I just had a quick question, like a follow up on China and then one question on the U.S. I just wanted to be clear on the inventory situation in China, what's out there, if you know where a lot of the goods may be, and just what effect it may have on revenue in the second half of the year?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that what you're seeing in the second quarter is that we are recognizing where we've identified inventory and where we want to have in food in every category. You want to have the freshest, best stuff out there. So wherever we believe we've had inventory issues, we're trying to remove that product from the marketplace, make sure that we've got the freshest possible product in place, and so hopefully we've addressed most of that. There could still be some cats and dogs here and there, I suppose. But we think we've done a pretty good job of confronting those types of issues, and that's why you're seeing some of the things you're seeing in our second quarter results.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And just a question for you then as well or separately on the U.S., just to understand, in the second half of the year as you transition to the seasonal merchandise and some pricing coming through there, do you expect elasticity to increase in the second half around the pricing that's coming through now on the seasonal merchandise, just to get a better sense of how the revenue growth will play out in the U.S. in the second half?
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So I think that if you look at the way we modeled pricing elasticity and some of the things that were in my comments, we feel really good about how it's progressing. We should get the benefit of pricing in Halloween because that would be with all of the pricing in versus last year where it was. And so again, as we move through the year, we've always said that as we get to the beginning of 2016, we felt as though we would get back to pre-price increase levels, and that appears to be accurate.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you for the color.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexia Howard from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey. Good morning, Alexia.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, Alexia.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi there. I just had a couple of questions. First of all on China, are you able to quantify for us how much of a headwind to company-wide organic sales growth the Shanghai Golden Monkey deal is going to be in the second half? Once we lap the anniversary of the acquisition in September, it's going to become part of the organic sales growth base, so is that already built into expectations? And how much of a headwind is that likely to be? And then I have a follow up.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yes, Alexia, it's Mark. And we can run through some the math after, but I know in J.P.'s remarks, he talked about excluding China chocolate and all the acquisition and FX. But North America and Rest of World, on an organic basis, we will be up 3.5% to 4%. So outside of China, I mean, I would qualify it as everything else is going pretty well. The 0.5 point reduction in net sales contribution from M&A was obviously all Monkey related. So I can help you back into some of those numbers after the fact.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. And then just a quick follow up. At the beginning of the year you were a little uncertain about the outlook for the U.S. chocolate category, I think some concerns about premiumization and just different trends. Have you become more confident in the outlook as the year has progressed? And are you still planning further diversification moves a similar to Krave? Thank you. And I'll pass it on.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so I think we do feel good about category and we certainly feel good about our performance within the category as we continue to grow share. As you think about the overall snacking continuum, we continue to be enthusiastic, both with some of our R&D pipeline, which we reviewed with our board, in fact, this past week, and I think it was enthusiastically received, and we'll be introducing some of those to the market later in the fall and certainly into 2016. And we continue to see that as an important opportunity. So I'll just end with this. We love the business we're in. Confectionary is at the heart of everything that we do, and it's on one end of the snacking continuum, and we think is one of the greatest categories there is. At the same time, we also see that consumers have a changing relationship with food. We see snacking as an important occasion and we think we have a go to market capability and an RD capability to meet those needs. So if on one hand you look at indulgent and you were to imagine on the far end functional, we see that we have a broadening role to play across that entire continuum, and I'm enthusiastic to share with you as we go forward what some of those things are.
Alexia Jane Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. I'll pass it on.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. We'll take our final question is a follow up from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your line's open.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Rob.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Sorry. Can you clarify, is your tax rate going to stay at 32.5% next year because of the tax credit, or is this just this year?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That particular impact is a single-year impact. But again, it's another tool in our tool chest that we can certainly reuse next year as well.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): You can do it again next year?
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, we could. That's a discrete event – a decision that we'll make for next year.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So the write-off, it's positive from the cash flow perspective.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yes.
John P. Bilbrey - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Patricia A. Little - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Absolutely.
Robert B. Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All right, thank you.
Mark K. Pogharian - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us today. We'll be available for any follow-up calls you may have later on. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. You may now disconnect at any time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - IR J.P. Bilbrey - CEO Patricia Little - CFO
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Ken Goldman - JP Morgan John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Driscoll - Citi Research Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Steve. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's first quarter 2015 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, Chairman, President and CEO and I will provide you with an overview of results followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2014 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. The non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP, rather the company believes the presentation of earnings and excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2015 first quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $9.7 million or $0.02 per share diluted and gain on the sale of a trademark of $10 million or $0.03 per share diluted. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
J.P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark and good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. While our sales and earnings performance for the quarter was mixed, I was happy with the progress that we've made in key areas, particularly in the U.S. business were operating and marketplace performance was in line with our expectations. We completed the Krave acquisition towards the end of March and we began the integration work. We can now begin to share snaking inside related to consumer and market segmentation as well as distribution in channel opportunities. As we said in January at that CAGNY, we expected first quarter sales and earnings to be pressured to the Easter timing as seasonal net sales occurred at pre price increased levels. However, Q1 results were lower than we anticipated due to some unexpected softness in China. The weakness was across the majority of the consumer package good space in the China modern trade. The acceleration of this softness in the first quarter versus Q4 was unexpected. Chocolate was one of the few categories in Chinese that grew in the first quarter although less than last year. In China, Hershey's slightly outpaced the category and gained market share. However, the pace of growth slowed significantly. Mark will provide you with additional financial details. So let me give you an overview of the business. Overall, total company Q1 net sales, excluding the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates increased 4.6% driven primarily by pricing and net benefit from acquisitions of 1.6 points. Unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate was 1.1 headwinds. Our expectation was for adjusted earnings per share diluted to be about the same as last year. So the $1.9 that we earned was largely due to lower than expected international sales growth. Including Easter's seasonal activity and the year ago in current period the candy, mint and gum or CMG category, increased 3.9% for the 12 weeks ended March 21, 2015 within the xAOC+C channels. Gum continues to underperformed and excluding yet the chocolate, non-chocolate and mint categories increased about 4.2%. Excluding Easter's seasonal activity in the current and year ago period combined growth of chocolate, non-chocolate and mints was up 3%. Hershey, first quarter, CMG retail takeaway and the xAOC+C universe was 4.6% benefiting from an Easter versus last year. We had a good Easter and believe we will gain share in this important season. Excluding Easter seasonal sales Hershey's everyday marketplace performance continues to improve. Specifically, Hershey's xAOC+C CMG retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending March 21st, excluding Easter seasonal sales in the current and year ago period increase plus 3.1%. Perhaps the easiest way to assess performance given seasonal timing is by looking at absolute market share results. We gained market share both with and without the Easter seasonal activity. All in including the seasonal activity Hershey first quarter CMG market share in the xAOC+C universe increased plus 0.2 points. U.S. first quarter organic net sales of nearly 3%, seasonal sales roughly one quarter of our business in the first quarter declined year-over-year due to a shorter Easter season.  This was more than offset by our everyday business which I'm pleased to say increased mid-single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. This is slightly ahead of everyday retail takeaway of 3.1% due to the timing and shipments of second quarter promotions and new products. In the second quarter we believe our everyday momentum will continue with the broader roll out and launch of Ice Breakers Cool Blast Chews, Hershey's Caramels and additional Lancaster Cream flavors. In Hershey's first quarter xAOC+C chocolate retail takeaway excluding Easter was up 3.3% resulting in chocolate market share gains in 0.6 points. Importantly, retail takeaway was solid across many of core chocolate franchises including Reese's, Hershey's, Kit Kat, Kisses and Brookside. Switching to non-chocolate candy or NCC in the xAOC+C channels, Hershey's NCC business excluding Easter in the current and year ago period declined 2% as we were lapping the year ago launch of the Lancaster product line. We anticipate that our NCC performance will be a bit better over the next couple of quarters supported by Lancaster in store sampling events, national FSIs and some summer fun flavors of Twizzlers. While not as large as chocolate, at NCC we continue to do well within the gum and the mint categories, specifically our Q1 gum and mint retail takeaway within the xAOC+C universe was up 11% and 10.5% respectively.  As a result our gum market share increased by 0.4 points to 5.2%, our mint market share increased 0.7 points expanding our segment leading position to 40.3%. In the C store classic trade where the seasonal impacts are minimal the CMG category was up 5.1% driven by pricing. As it relates to the previously announced price increase volume elasticity trends are tough to discern in the xAOC universe given the influence of seasonal candy on shelf at pre price increase levels. However conversion appears to be on track.  Total Hershey's C store performance was solid with retail takeaway up plus 4.8%, it was driven by pricing of 9-10 points offset by volume elasticity of about 5%. This is relatively in line with our modeling for this channel, our C store chocolate and mint retail takeaway was particularly solid up 4.9% and 8.9% respectively. These gains were driven by core brand advertising, in store selling, merchandizing and programming. International results were mixed in the first quarter giving greater than expected unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates and China retail softness that impacted overly grocery as well as the chocolate category growth. Recall during last quarter's conference call we stated that chocolate category growth in China was about 8% and that was less than the historical 10-11%.  In the first quarter chocolate category growth was 4% again softer than we would have anticipated and less than the year ago period. Given the Chinese New Year holiday the first quarter is typically the biggest quarter of the year for chocolate consumption. Some of this softness is most likely due to government policy related to gifting, however macroeconomic news indicates things have significantly slowed and this could be impacting overall consumer confidence. This is evident when looking at Nielsen data for the broader CBG group which was also soft. Our chocolate retail takeaway in China was about 5% in the first quarter resulting in a market share gain of 0.1 point. In all of the markets where we operate our goal is to ship to consumption so the consumer has a good experience related to freshness and taste. Therefore our China first quarter net sales moderated and declined 47% versus year ago. We will continue to execute against plans with our retail partners in China to drive store traffic and in store activity over the remainder of the year. As a result our China chocolate plan reflects the first quarter miss and remains relatively intact versus our initial plan. We have made some adjustments on how we’ll get there. We expect to enter some Tier 2 cities will increase the level of in store sampling to drive everyday trail and repeat. Additionally, we're beginning to get Brookside out into the market and using Golden Monkey distributor assets that help us to achieve that. Shanghai Golden Monkey integration is progressive. In the first quarter Golden Monkey was diluted to our earnings. However, results will be stronger in the second half of the year supported by a solid pipeline of snack and non-chocolate candy new products. In Mexico, first quarter constant currency net sales increased about 16%. As expected our business is sequentially improved over the last three quarters as consumers have adjusted to the VAT tax instituted last year. Importantly, the chocolate category increased about 13%. We estimate that Hershey's retail takeaway was up about 12% driven by Hershey's spikes and a King Size Q1 event at some selected retailers. Over the remainder of the year, we have a lot of in store activity planned to highlighting new packaging designs and pack types that we believe will generate solid net sales growth. In Brazil, first quarter constant currency net sales increased about 18% results benefited from an easy comp versus the year ago period and an earlier Easter. Although note that we don't have a broad Easter portfolio on Brazil as the big Kiss offering is our primary seasonal item. Hershey's Tablet Bar performance was good and while all small Reese is starting to gain attraction in Brazil. Despite mixed international results in the first quarter we remain confident about plans over the remainder of the year. We’ve made adjustments where necessary and have the right mix of innovation and in-store activities to achieve our objectives. Our international growth profile excluding Golden Monkey is similar to prior years and driven by performance in the second half, particularly the fourth quarter. However, foreign currency exchange rates remain volatile and over the remainder of the year, the other favorable impact on net sales is expected to be greater than our previous estimate. Given this backdrop and first quarter softness in China, we now expect international net sales excluding the benefit of Golden Monkey, to increase about 5% versus our previous expectation of about 10% increased. Now to wrap up. Core brand merchandising, programming and innovation accelerates over the remainder of the year. There is no change to our advertising and marketing methodology and we continue to expect that it will increase at a rate greater than net sales growth. We believe these investments should generate full year organic net sales growth or constant currency sales excluding M&A and FX impacts of around 3.5% to 4.5% in 2015. We expect foreign exchange rates to be greater than our previous testament by about a half a point and be about 1.5 points unfavorable in 2015. We continue to estimate that the net contribution from acquisitions and divestitures will be around 2.5 points. With the profitable U.S. business on track and increase in gross margin expansion and Golden Monkey accretion later in the year, we expect an increase in 2015 full year adjusted earnings per share diluted of 8% to 10%, including dilution from acquisitions and divestitures of $0.03 to $0.05 per share. Before we provide you with additional financial details, I'd like to take this opportunity to welcome Patricia Little our CFO as of March 16. Patricia is a season financial leader who knows how to create shareholder value and develop talent and we believe will be a benefit to our global organization and all of our shareholders.
Patricia Little: Thanks, J.P. I'm pleased to be here and it's a privilege to be part of the Hershey team, especially given the many opportunities in front of us. I follow the consumer package goods states as a board member at another company. So while I’m a bit familiar with the category, I still have a lot to learn over the coming months. However, in my first few weeks on the job, it's clear and the confectionary category are advantaged. Our business is growing in the profitable North America market and in our focus international markets the category has a long runway. I'm committed to long term value creation, as is our board of directors and look forward to helping our company reach its potential. Overtime, I look forward to meeting all of you and sharing what I learned and opportunities that continue to exist for the Hershey company. With that let me turn it over to Mark, who will provide you with further information on first quarter results.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Patricia. Good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. First quarter net sales of 1.9 billion was up 3.5% versus the prior year, excluding the negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates of 1.1 point, about half a point greater than estimate net sales increased 4.6%. The fluctuation in the Canadian dollar was responsible for about half of that FX impact and the Mexican peso and Brazilian real, the majority of the remainder. As we indicated last quarter given a shorter Easter, volume elasticity related to the U.S. price increase and the timing of innovation, we expected consolidated net sales growth in Q1 to be around the low end of our long-term target. However, we didn't anticipate the anomaly in China that J.P. referred to. Pricing and net M&A was at 3.8 point and 1.6 point benefits. Partially offset by volume that was 0.8 point headwinds. Importantly, North America organic net sales excluding FX and M&A increased 3.4%, relatively in line with our expectations. North America pricing up 4.3 points was partially offset by volume that was up 0.9 points due to elasticity related to the price increase and lower seasonal sales. International and other segments net sales increased 8.5% driven by the Golden Monkey acquisition, a 13.3 point benefit, while FX was a 4.8 point headwind. International and other segment organic net sales were about the same as last year. As we stated in January first quarter EPS would be pressured, our expectation was for adjusted EPS to be about the same as last year due to seasonal product sales that accorded a pre-price increase level and our plan for higher SM&A expenses. However we did not anticipate the lower levels of growth in China within the biggest cities and hyper markets. This impacted chocolate categories growth in the quarter as well as some of our decisions related to Golden Monkey go to market strategies. Hence adjusted EPS diluted of a $1.9 down about 5% versus last year was off versus our plan primarily due to China chocolate sales and Golden Monkey dilution. Turning now to margins, in the first quarter adjusted gross margin increased 10 basis points driven by supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives as well as the net price realization which more than offsets higher input cost, earlier this month we implemented select input cost strategies that we believe will enable gross margin to increase a 155 to a 165 basis points for the full year. Adjusted EBIT in the first quarter declined 5.6% versus last year resulting in adjusted EBIT margin of 20.3%. The decline was driven by higher SM&A expenses that increased 12.3% versus last year. Looking at a couple of the pieces, advertising and related consumer marketing expense increased about 8%, selling, marketing and administrative expenses excluding advertising and related consumer marketing increased about 15%. This increase reflects the addition of Golden Monkey, investments in mark-to-market capabilities in the US and the international markets, as well as knowledge based consumer insights.  Let me now provide you with a brief update on the international business. Similar to prior years our expectation entering 2015 was for international net sales growth would be back half weighted. We still believe that will be the case given our plans for advertising, merchandizing programming and new products. Q1 international net sales increased 8.8%. Note that this excludes global retail and licensing results which was relatively in line with expectations. Looking at our focus markets we believe China chocolate category softness was impacted by consumer confidence given all the negative headlines you've all see like slowing GDP growth. Although we were encouraged that March Nielsen data showed an acceleration in category growth versus January and February. Over the remainder of the year we expect net sales growth in China to sequentially improve, although it will be driven by performance in the second half of the year. We've adjusted our China plans to generate greater in store activities, support faster growth in the hyper markets, we'll be entering some Tier 2 cities and we have plans to increase our exposure in the fast growing e-commerce channel.  On a constant currency basis net sale in Mexico and Brazil increased mid-teens on a percentage basis versus last year due to easier comps. Recall that at the beginning of '14 we had the headwind of the back tax in [inactive] in Mexico, and volume elasticity related to the price increase in Brazil. We expect Mexico and Brazil performance to be better than last year however we expect the Real and Pesos to remain volatile and be a major headwind related to reported net sales. Moving down to P&L, first quarter interest expense of 19.2 million, declined 2.2 million versus last year. For the full year we continue to expect interest expense to be in the $75 million to $80 million range. The adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 35% in line with our estimate. For the full year we expect the adjusted net tax rate to be slightly lower than the year ago rate of 34.5%. This is a little different from our initial analysis and guidance that the full year adjusted tax rate would be about the same as last year. For the first quarter of 2015 weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 222.7 million, a 1.9% decline compared to last year.  Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the first quarter net trading capital increased versus last year's first quarter by 69.2 million, account receivable was lower by 13.8 million and remains extremely current. Inventory was higher by 67 million and accounts payable declined by 16 million. The net increase in trading capital was driven by acquisitions, excluding net acquisitions and divestitures net trading capital increased 7 million. In terms of other specific cash flow items total capital additions including software were 62.7 million in the first quarter, for the year we expect total capital expenditures to be about 375 million to 400 million including capital related to the Johor Malaysia project of about a 110 million. Excluding this project CapEx is about 275 million or about 3.5 % of net sales. Depreciation and amortization was 58.3 million in the first quarter in line with our estimates, during the first quarter dividends paid were over 114 million. The company repurchased a $173 million of outstanding shares in the first quarter against a February 2014 authorization which is now complete; no shares have been purchased against the $250 million authorization approved in February 2015. This authorization is in addition to the company's policy of repurchasing shares in the open market related to issues in connection with stock option exercises. In the first quarter the company repurchased a $134 million of common shares to replace shares issued in connection with exercise of stock options. Cash and short term investments at the end of the first quarter were up 405 million. As J.P. summarized, in 2015, we have a solid pipeline of innovation, merchandising and programming. In addition marketing expense is expected to increase that greater than net sales growth. As a result we expect 2015 net sales to increased 4.5% to 5.5%, including a net contribution from acquisitions and divestitures of around 2.5 points and the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates of about 1.5 points. Excluding these items, organic net sales are expected to increase 3.5% to 4.5% versus the previous 4% to 6%. While we remain confident in our business plans, a narrowing of the sales range reflects to global macroeconomic challenges that continue to persist. But decline of the lower end of the range by half of point primarily reflects the first quarter China underperformance. We continue to have a significant focus on gross margin and expect that the previously announced price increase as well as productivity and cost savings to result in gross margin expansion of 155 to 165 basis points. Combined with a slightly lower net cash rate and Golden Monkey accretion in the second half of the year, adjusted earnings per share diluted is expected to increase 8% to 10%. Before we open it up to Q&A just a couple of thoughts on the second quarter. We have planned to generate solid gross margin expansion over the remaining quarters. However the second quarter is typically our smallest quarter as it relates to overall net sales. And our international sales profile is similar to prior year with annual growth primarily driven by fourth quarter performances. Additionally, Golden Monkey will be dilutive in the second quarter before ramping up in the second half of the year. While small [crave] margins are lower than the company average and it will also contributes to the increase in total consolidated SM&A expenses in the second quarter. Therefore second quarter net sales, including M&A and FX is expected to be at near the low end of our full year sales target of 4.5% to 5.5% before accelerating in the second half of the year. Given all these moving parts, we expect second quarter EPS diluted growth to be pressured and around the same as last year. Thank you for your time this morning and we'll now take any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar: If the more sizable part of the top line weakness in the quarter as you talked about was international and SGM, I just want to make sure that I'm clear on why the these full year organic sales target is coming down? Is it just the organic piece of the international particularly China that you talked about or is there some North American angle to that as well? I just want to make sure that's not changed.
J.P. Bilbrey: It is the China flow through at the first quarter Andrew that you’re seeing; the U.S. business [indiscernible] is off to a good start and is forecasted to be as we anticipated earlier in the year.
Andrew Lazar: Okay and then despite this [indiscernible] the sales weakness in SGM, I guess you talked about still looking for the same full year contribution from acquisitions but I guess you only have, I think maybe two quarters left to make up for that first quarter weakness in SGM because I think you start lapping it in the fourth quarter, if I'm not mistaken. So I'm just trying to get sense of what gives the comfort level there that the acquisition contribution can still be the same despite the first quarter?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, that's correct. Last year we had two months if you recall from Golden Monkey and the fourth quarter. And as we start of the year we had a similar pattern as we did in the chocolate business, we were lower in terms of the Chinese New Year. What we have in Golden Monkey, which is different than the regular chocolate businesses, we have a part of the business which is not so seasonal, which is the [bean curve] business and we also have a lot of innovation which kicks in after new year and that's been the typical pattern, where we have distributor meetings early in the second quarter for that innovation and there is a very strong innovation pipeline for that. And so our expectation is that we will be on target for that accretion during the full year and that will come into back half. The other small acquisitions and divestitures whether the Mauna Loa or Krave kind of offset each other. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Just the follow up to Andrew's question and I just want to make sure, I called all these pieces the -- in the first quarter the downside relative to your internal plans was really partly at least more dilution from Shanghai Golden Monkey. But for the full year you're not -- you expecting the dilution to be similar or the same in terms of what you thought it was going to beginning at the year? But it sounds like you're going to spend more money for some of this in market activity to try to boost sales. So, trying to piece those pieces together. Why it wouldn't be more diluted if you’re having to spend more money to drive sales, special since it was already more dilutive than you thought in the first quarter. So am I thinking about that correctly, I guess?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, not partially -- not exactly. Let me explain. We always said Shanghai Golden Monkey would be slight accretive to the year and all we’re trying to do is reconfirm that despite a slower start attributable to new year. We did have -- Obviously, lower operating income in the rest of the China business for the same reason that we had a slower start. What we're saying in this case is that the Shanghai Golden Monkey's slight accretion to the year remains intact, based on the activity progress that we have in place. In terms of you know higher spending, we’re not projecting higher spending in the international business in terms of getting back to you know our targets for the year and we're also given the magnitude of the China sales miss, we're not projecting that we can make up that sales miss which is part of what Mark explained on the call down on the lower end. We do have higher year-on-year cost in the sales force that's our program as we actively go into more cities and we did still have advertising in the first quarter during Chinese New Year although it certainly wasn't as effective as we thought it would be.
Mark Pogharian: And those comments are related to the China chocolate business, Brian, so it's not only did you have the SEM dilution you had all the investments we made in the China chocolate business throughout '14 that happened perhaps in the back half that are [indiscernible] that are in your pace, that will be in the pace of the first half this year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay.
J.P. Bilbrey: Like in sales force, et cetera.
Bryan Spillane: And then just one last follow up to that is just, it sounds like you know in terms of when you built this plan in I guess October and November versus where we are today, Chinese New Year was weaker than expected and a lot of this I guess is more macro, it’s not just specific to Hershey and so I guess as you go forward in terms of as you've done the planning going forward has it incorporated that maybe that you know the macro environment is just not as strong as it was when you initially planned 2015 or is the expectation that it's the same? I'm just trying to understand how it accounts for what seems like just slower growth generally in China. 
J.P. Bilbrey: We've taken that into account and as we looked, to your point, as we developed the plan last year and we said during the January call that we expected Chinese growth to be approximately the 30% that we grew in '14, so we weren't -- while we were seeing some slowdown, let's call it in December, we weren't planning for as poor a performance. We know, we think there's a lot of this is cyclical based on what you're hearing, GDP, consumer confidence, things that we've already mentioned. We don’t think it's as much structural, in fact some of the structural changes we think actually help us in the long run, things like urbanization, as well as more of a consumer economy which is what the government's pushing but, we've lowered certainly the overall year expectations, as you know we said we'd be somewhere around 30 and that the category would be in the low double digits. We certainly lowered that to high single digit. Still think we can do two-three times the category growth rate but we certainly lowered that overall year expectation, not trying to make up the first quarter.
Mark Pogharian: Let me just add one other comment, it's really important for the perspective of our company in China is, we continue to be in a brand building and portfolio expansion mode, Shanghai Golden Monkey is of course critical for the distribution, build of that, and so we really continue -- we believe we have the right brands, the right growth plan, markets will moderate as we're certainly seeing right now over time, but on a long term basis we continue to believe our model's a good model, obviously volume is a magic elixir on some of these things, so you also have to manage pace in investment along with that but we really believe that we have the right plans in place and over time we’ll continue to grow in China, mainly around distribution and portfolio expansion for the near term anyway.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan; your line is open,
Ken Goldman: I had a question for Patricia if I could, and first welcome to the food industry, I'm curious and I realize it's still early days right, but is there anything you're seeing that you might consider sort of low hanging fruit you'd like to pick, I don’t know whether that's in the balance sheet or M&A strategy, really anything, is there something you're looking at and saying you know what we can and I guess should be doing this differently.
Patricia Little: Thanks for the question, I don't think it's so much that I'm going to come in with those kinds of answers, what I've seen is leadership team here who's really focused on all of those things, on the M&A, on the cost leverage on how they manage the brands on how they focus on growth both in North America and the key focus markets, I view my job as to be really a catalyst to help that team bring all of their great ideas to fruition, so I wouldn't say that there's low hanging fruit that I come in to see, what I see is a group that's working on all of those very actively.
Ken Goldman: Okay, and then this is a question, just one more for anyone really, you're one of the first food companies to report since the Kraft Heinz deal and I recognize you've already made significant improvements to your cost base over the years and I appreciate you're more of a growth company right than either Kraft or Heinz, but I guess when you read some of the -- read about some of the massive margin improvements 3G is able to implement, you know, I guess on some level do you think to yourself boy there's, maybe there's a lot more we can do than what we're currently planning on, or do you say this is our plan, we'll need to balance top line growth with margins and so forth? I’m just curious how you react, what seems to be a continued trend here in food.
J.P. Bilbrey: So, I think as you rightly point out we're very focused on growth, we've been investing in our business is about the new geographies and I think very importantly in capabilities. So I can’t specifically talk about 3G, what I do thing is very important and as I mentioned on the last call at CAGNY, we're really looking about -- we’re really looking at how we evolve our business mode, how we allocate and reallocate resources against what we believe are opportunity, you’ve heard us talk about knowledge and insight. We continue to believe that's really important and we're investing in different skill sets there than we have and so we have to be mindful at the pace of our business. We have to make sure that the volume continues to be the elixir that makes all things affordable. So you should expect us to continue to take hard look at the leverage we have against our P&L and you’ll hear us talk a bit more about that we're doing a lot of work in that area. But I think for our company we strongly believe that there has to be an ongoing balance between brand building and P&L leverage. That obviously takes cost as one of the key leverage, but we want to make sure that we maintain the right balance and focus on all those things.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
John Baumgartner: John, as you look to your cost basket here, gross margin are tracking bit more favorably relative to your last update and with that sailing going for you, do you find your still needing to reinvest the incremental benefit in sales force or marketing, or have you reached the position where SG&A budget is more of less fixed and those cost can flow through more to products going forward?
J.P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that, there is a couple of thing to probably seeing as we raised our gross margin outlook, part of that is around commodities and input cost and then as I said, we want to make sure that we continue to look at the levers that we put in place. So yes we've invested in our selling capabilities and we want continue to invest in our brands some of that's in our international markets but it's also importantly in our U.S. market as well, where we get the right see store level of coverage where we get the right frequency in stores so that we can win in merchandising and so, if we look at our overall business model we think we’ve got the right approach. And to make sure that, you continue to be reassured that we are mindful about what we can afford and non-afford obviously we want to make sure that we continue to grow into those investments at the appropriate pace. But I think over the long-term again we're really committed to our business model and we also feel good about the markets that we're in. We think, we're in the right markets long-term and it will have to whether some of the volatility of the short-term up and downs. But we're in this business to stay, we’re been here a long time and we planned to be here either longer.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Eric Katzman: Couple of questions, I guess, kind of following up. This is -- should we read this like select input cost strategies as a kind of one time in nature? I mean did you like just favorably locking some hedges or something that makes this -- the gross margin improvements locked in for this year?
J.P. Bilbrey: I think, Eric, we look at what we believe are the right strategies to protect our brand investment in our pricing and our -- I would just reiterate that we can be anywhere between 3 and 24 months hedged on some of our key commodities. Certainly coco’s been volatile so we’ve looked for opportunities to price went we think the -- it's a good value and then the entire industry is getting some benefit out of dairy and you know well, I'm not trying to predict, where dairy goes, it feels as though it’s in a direction which could benefit. But if you look at lot of the tree nuts and so forth, those are going up largely and so again we try to look at the overall commodity basket and we feel pretty good about how we've been able to take a forward view to protect our current plans.
Eric Katzman: Okay and then -- thanks for that. And then just kind of talking about the U.S. business overall, I mean as I've been travelling around -- again it's not a scientific sample, but it just seems like there is more promotion in the market, I see kind of BOGO, it seems like a lot of the pegboard and mini products that have been introduced in past years are on sale a lot, I think J.P. you've mentioned in the past seeing more kind of snack based competition and so maybe can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in market and is that are those observations fair appraisal?
J.P. Bilbrey: Eric, I think what we would say is that across snacking we are seeing that there is a lot of activity out there, if you look at the overall snacking wheel and the share performance you can see that there's been some moderation there with the exception that CMG is sort of returning more to its historical performance base, you’ve see meat snacks which continues to perform really well and obviously we're encouraged by Krave. But I think we're in an era where the snacking continuum and the occasions of snacking are broadening and therefore consumer choice is greater and so we have to work hard at making sure that at the point of sale our brands are winning in terms of merchandizing etc. I’ll tell you the one thing, that if I -- as I personally have a takeaway from the first quarter that I feel better about than anything else we probably could talk about on this call is that we're seeing a strengthening in our everyday business and if you take Easter out and you know all of the previous quarters and all and you just look at what's the health of the everyday business. We're doing a -- our everyday brands are up and importantly that's always a measure of advertising effectiveness. So the combination of advertising working for us and seeing our everyday business improving outside of that environment, that is a very, very healthy sign and for me that's the thing I feel best about in the entire first quarter.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research, your line is open.
David Driscoll: Wanted to follow up on two points, the first one on Ken's question regarding kind of the cost structure of the company. J.P. I think you indicated in the release here that SG&A investment kind of excluding the acquisitions was up about 10%. Yes, I think over the years you guys have really been adding to your “capabilities” within that line, and the question here is, is all of that 10% increase focused on these emerging market opportunities or how much of it is really focused on the U.S. And then how do you think about that in light of Kraft-Heinz and [ZBB] and all of these commentary regarding the US marketplace where it seems as if folks are really taking costs out of their U.S. operations not putting them in. 
J.P. Bilbrey: Well I think David first of all a couple of things, I would tell you that as consumer insight driven company, a brand building company, we're going to always be focused on growth and growing our brand. The cost is a lever, and it’s an important one, so look, I mean if we can all capture synergies in our business via acquisitions and add-ons and making sure that we've got P&L leverage, we absolutely have to be focused to get that because the investments that we make have to pay for themselves. But first and foremost we have a business model you know that we want to pursue. So, yes I think there's some very good reminders in the marketplace that suggest that, listen, you got to make sure you're not getting fat, but you also have to make sure that along the way to not getting fat, you're allocating resources in a way that you can win in the market place on a go in basis. So that's important. If I come back to the first part of your question, we're balancing those investments both internationally and in the U.S. So we've proven over and over again that the passion of our sales organization, our feet on the street represent us better than any other choice we could make, I've also seen some evidence in the market place where some other companies are coming to that conclusion as well. But for our company we continue to be focused against those investments, and the only way we can grow our brands in these new markets is to forward invest in the capabilities that make them broadly available to consumers and we'll continue to do that. But we’ll do that in the most effective and efficient way we possibly can.
David Driscoll: Okay and just a follow up on international, so I think what you guys wrote is that Mexico, Brazil and India were up 15% and that was in line with your expectations, so that seems to be tracking and then all of this international stuff is related to China, that's where the short fall is, so hopefully I have that correct and then kind of the question here is, you know 47%, of course every time you read a number like that on a company like this you do a double take to make sure you didn't misread it. I think the takeaway here -- but this is the question, is the 47% decline in the China business, it's an inventory adjustment essentially, so that in 4Q you had massive shipments of product to retail, anticipating something like a 30% growth in the first quarter in China. First quarter China retail I think you guys said was 5% for Hershey products and hence that requires a massive change in the shipment pattern in Q1. [Bert] am I putting all this together right.
Mark Pogharian: Yes, let me -- to your first point, it is largely China, there were other small bits right, so there're a couple of our export markets where the dollar is making the product quite expensive, example could be an export market like Japan, obviously which, they're actually in quantitative easing so their currency's going the other way, So there were a few markets and certainly our export business was impacted but it was largely a China story in the scheme of things. And you're quite right, as we anticipated the growth in the first quarter for Chinese New Year and didn’t see that coming along we obviously shipped less into the marketplace, because J.P. mentioned earlier I think in his remarks, we try to ship with the consumption pattern is, we don't expect that will be made up in the rest of the years, so we've adjusted down or growth although we think the rest of the year should be more normalized than what we saw during the Chinese new year.
David Driscoll: Okay. So, kind of short version here is this you do the big catch up in the first quarter to get this thing, the distribution inventories on track and then the remaining three quarters are negatively impacted by a fundamental view that the China growth rate is lower than what you had previously thought, is that right?
Mark Pogharian: I think, that's correct. Again don't forget a lot of the next wave of China business, Golden Monkey’s is little bit less seasonal, does come in the last four months of the year
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line on Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney: Just following up more directly with David here, I mean, if China was down -- Shanghai Golden Monkey 47% on 5% take away, what were you hoping China was going to do in the first quarter? And maybe for the year and approximately by how much -- did you lower that internal forecast?
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, we don't talk about quarters, we did say in the first quarter call that we expected the China business to grow around at 30% that we grew last year, I think, last year we were up 34. And so we expected to similar growth. I'll just reiterate we -- that would translate into category and the low double digits, we've lowered that to the high single digits reflecting the first quarter miss.
Jonathan Feeney: Makes a lot of sense, thanks. And of that growth, how much of that is channel penetration of the former, Shanghai Golden Monkey -- enabled by the Shanghai Golden Monkey acquisition and if you can -- can you tell us, you look at the 13.3 impact, I assume that's all from Shanghai Golden Monkey, I assume that of this year sales, can you tell us, what apples-to-apples if it's possible the Shanghai Golden Monkey business is trending?
J.P. Bilbrey: On the first part of your question, the synergy aspect of Golden Monkey, we're in the very early stages of that, so there is very little of that. And the reason for that is -- as we plan for those synergies; let's take an example, chocolate products through Golden Monkey sales force. We're still on the process of designing different pack size, different price points which are more appropriate for those markets. So, there is not a lot of the miss that's accounted for by not penetrating Hershey products to Golden Monkey. On a year-over-year basis we haven't given that type of information, the Golden Monkey certainly had a similar impact in the first quarter as you would see in our chocolate business based on the same lower New Year.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you. And do you continue to expect that or do you expect that cross selling opportunity once you get through the appropriate pack sizes remains to be significant?
J.P. Bilbrey: Very much. Well it's not -- well it's all incremental to what their business model has been all along. A lot of that welcome toward the end of the year as we designed these pack types and we start to launch into the next wave of Chinese new year if you will, which comes later in the year but we're fairly confident that we have the right products, we have to reconfigure them and they suddenly have the capability to get them into lower Tier cities and traditional trade.
Jonathan Feeney: Thanks and I just ask one last question, you have a -- in the first quarter clearly, you had -- looked like some pretty good in North American performance at least as far as both the everyday business and overall. And you -- it seems is this gross margin would have outperformed your expectations were it not for the impact of international, can you give us a sense -- weighs the full years gross margins, so can you give us the sense how much maybe mix or performance in these international business affects gross margin versus if it we're just say in North America, that extra growth in international you're expecting, affects the consolidated gross margin versus if you're say just North American business experiencing that 4 plus percent pricing in modest line decline, thanks
J.P. Bilbrey: I mean, Jon, I guess the way, I would think about it, don't forget that seasonal was about 25% to 30% of our overall North America sale, so that's why it's not up as much as you would have maybe have anticipated. Again when you go to some of these international markets, the growth -- absolute level of gross margin in China for example, would have been down year-over-year, when you think about the 5% take away and perhaps how we think about trade there to make sure it all gets out eventually at the end of the day. So that was the little bit of a drag at the gross margin on the international side.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open
Ken Zaslow: Just two follow ups, one is -- I think, this is what you said is, but the incremental gross margin expansion for your guidance is entirely related to the money environment or there anything operational you are doing to increase that? I didn't get that full answer.
J.P. Bilbrey: Well I think what is said is, is that meaningful piece is really related to the commodity improvement on our input costs and our outlook there. You also have the benefited mix as you get through the year with the pricing you know that really begins to show up in the US business as well. So you got a combination of things that are helping us there. And then as the US business continues to perform well there's always a positive mix effect that happens. Therefore, I made some commentary around the everyday business on one of the earlier questions, so I think you've got several factors.
Mark Pogharian: I guess Ken there's no change, if you think about the initial 135 to 145 bps, it’s all about the pricing and it’s the incremental 20 basis point increase is related to the [indiscernible] on the commodity strategy.
Ken Zaslow: Okay, great, my second question, Tier 2 cities, when you think of them in China, does the long term growth opportunity as well as margin opportunity compare to Tier 1 cities or are they significantly lower, how do they scale up over time?
Mark Pogharian: No, they're -- I mean from a margin perspective they're very comparable. There are some slight benefits, as an example advertising rates are a bit lower as you spread into lower Tier cities. But there's no penalty in terms of pricing and as you go into Tier 2 and Tier 3, the further down you go obviously the pack size change and there's more traditional trade that's part of the mix. But that doesn't cause a margin penalty.
J.P. Bilbrey: The other comment I would just make is that and I kind of come back again to the long term perspective, you know the category growth in China and brand building is still the biggest story and what happens with their pace of urbanization, obviously everybody wants to participate in that, at the same time you have a large dispersement and that's why -- of people and that's why we feel good about the acquisition of Shanghai Golden Monkey and the ability then to put both our brands -- both of the brands of the two entities across our entire distribution chain.
Ken Zaslow: What would make you work for 2016, what would create Chinese growth to be restored to last year's growth level, can you speak to that, and what would you need to see that would change, that would make you think that 2016 could compare with 2014?
J.P. Bilbrey: We haven't started to talk about '16 yet, I think that's a little premature, I think what I mentioned earlier is that certainly what we see in China today you know feels more cyclical in terms of what’s going on with GDP, what's going on with consumer sentiment. You've seen the government react to some degree, last weekend I think the Central Bank lowered reserve rates in order to put more monies into the economy, particularly for small business. I think the structural changes favor CPG categories in terms of urbanization which J.P. mentioned as well as a more consumer oriented economy versus exports, so I do see given to see that evolution, we’re structural, I think helps us and then the cyclical right now will all have to hold hands and see how soon that gets resolved, but I do think that's more cyclical in structure.
Mark Pogharian: Operator, we have time for one more question; want to respectful of other peers that are reporting today.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard, your line is open.
Alexia Howard: Can I ask about the everyday items, you mentioned that you were encouraged about that would trend and could you give us some numbers around that? About the progression there, maybe first half last year, second half last year and then what you’ve seen this latest quarter. And what do you think is driving that, are you seeing better traffic in the stores, you mentioned the advertising effectiveness was another piece of it. Thank you and I'll pass it on.
J.P. Bilbrey: Yes, Alexia the thing that I would point to and I'll try to give to give you a couple of things here, if you look at the quarter, Reese's was about nine-tenths of a point, Hershey's up 2.4%, Kit Kat was up 3.6%, Kisses up over 9% and Brookside was a big number and because it's a new brand, may not be meaningful to talk about it, but it was a big number. So for me the fact that the everyday ex-Easter was healthy until all of our core brands grew and that's the piece that I was feeling so good about and you know the first quarter last year was -- so some of the comparable in terms of the total CMG may be a little bit harder to look at, the first quarter of 2014 last year was up about 4.6% or so and a lot of that was driven by non-chocolate products with Lancaster and some big Twizzlers type promotions. So if you really isolate our biggest brands and those core brands and look at their performance that really shows you, we remember we talked about -- we were going to try to be very focused against merchandizing, against our core and big brands making sure they were available to consumers, that appears to be working for us.
Mark Pogharian: And to answer your TRIPS question Alexia, I would say it looks pretty the [tripped] in by channel. I mean, I think our performance and category performance looks pretty similar to last year, we see store dollar in one of the largest retailers in the country continue to really, really shine.
J.P. Bilbrey: I'd make one other point just broadly as I had been out and about talking to retailers and have listened to other manufacturers is, people are saying that they believe the basket is more constructive than they've seen for a while, so that strengthening of the basket is also probably a really good sign for the overall industry, that's a North American comment as well.
Alexia Howard: Thank you very much and I'll pass it back to you. Thank you.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you very much for your time today. I'll be available for any follow up question that any of you have.
Operator: This conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John Bilbrey - CEO, President and Director Bert Alfonso - President International and Head of Mergers & Acquisitions Michelle Buck - President North America
Analysts: John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Feeney - Athlos Research Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Driscoll - Citigroup Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phyllis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter and Year End 2014 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Phyllis. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's fourth quarter 2014 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO and Bert Alfonso, President International and Head of Mergers & Acquisitions will provide you with an overview of our results followed by a Q&A session. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2013 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2014 fourth quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $32.5 million or $0.30 per share diluted primarily related to a noncash trademark impairment charge and loss on disposal of $24.8 million or $0.10 per share diluted and business realignment cost of $4.7 million or $0.02 per share diluted. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John Bilbrey: Good morning all of you on the phone and webcast. In 2014, Hershey made progress against its strategic initiatives. U.S. CMG, xAOC+C market share reached 31.4% up 0.3 share points versus last year. We acquired Shanghai Golden Monkey which more than doubles the company’s presence in China. We expanded into snacks and adjacencies with the launch of Hershey Spreads and the related Snacksters Graham Dippers. And we sourced 30% of our cocoa needs from certified and sustainable cocoa farms, putting us in a solid position to deliver on our 100% goal by 2020. There are also challenges. In 2014 we believe lower retail store traffic, changes in consumer spending patterns as a result of the SNAP program and a more competitive snacking environment for contributing factors that impacted how consumers participated in the snack segment. This resulted in fourth quarter and full year sales and earnings that were below our expectations. Specifically, growth in snacking alternatives and an evolving retail landscape are impacting what consumers buy and where and how they make purchases. Higher income consumers continue to ask for simple ingredients, health and wellness, and millennials view brands and brand attributes beyond traditional transparency to include social responsibility. They are also interacting with media differently. Now let me share with your some of the things that we're doing to address this. Our R&D and innovation teams continue to make progress on new confectionary and snack products that enable us to offer great confectionary products and increase the breadth of our portfolio. Later this year, the Club channel will be introducing Brookside, dark chocolate, fruit and nut snack bars. Building on our snacks and adjacencies strategy, earlier today we announced that we entered into an agreement to acquire Krave Jerky, which enables us to enter the rapidly growing meat snacks category. We are really excited about this acquisition and the opportunity to participate in the 2.5 billion meat snacks category that's growing at a double digit rate. While snacks and adjacencies is a lever in our long term sales algorithm, we are very focused on confectionary. It's who we are and it's our name sake. We have a lot of CMG innovation this year that I'll talk to in a moment. But we also have a meaningful new product pipeline that gives me confidence that innovation can continue to contribute at least one point of growth to our net sales algorithm on an annual basis. So I remain bullish on the CMG category and our ability to keep increasing market share. As it relates to simple ingredient and transparency, we've actually done a lot of work here. We have at leverage what we've done as our plan is to move a large portion of our portfolio in this direction. We are building the capability and have made progress to source non-GMO sugar and RSBT free milk for products in the United States. We've already begin this work with key sourcing suppliers here in the U.S. and we’ll have more news on this later in the year. On the media front, we expect that advertising and related consumer promotion will increase at a rate greater than sales. Included in this is a greater proportion of investment in digital advertising on programs, consumers view on their mobile devices via traditional networks, user generated content and sources like BuzzFeed. So we are making investments that will benefit the company in the near and long term. And we'll have more on this at CAGNY, so let’s move on. I was satisfied with improved results in the convenience store, large mass retail, and dollar store channels especially in the second half of the year. However, FDMx non-seasonal candy performance was not inline with our initial plans. Lower retail store traffic, greater levels of in-store activity by broader snacking manufacturers and continued economic challenges for a segment of consumers in these channels impacted our non seasonal candy growth. Looking at total xAOC+C store retail takeaway, U.S. marketplace performance sequentially improved throughout the year. Hershey fourth quarter retail takeaway of 3.8% was greater than the category growth of 2.2% resulting in a market share gain of 0.5 points. Marketplace performance was greater than 4Q net sales given solid Halloween and Holiday sales, a portion of which shift in the third quarter. The timing of the buy-in related to the price increase as a portion of third quarter net sales would have normally occurred in the fourth quarter. And that lapping of the strong year ago period when select retailers increased inventory levels. Driving our fourth quarter takeaway results were improvements in convenience stores, large mass retail and dollars stores. These were the channels where many of our second half initiatives were focused, so I was pleased with the results. The programming and execution changes we made in the FDMX and Club channel simply required a longer lead time to impact in-store merchandizing activity. Hence our sales mix and lower than forecast category growth impacted profitability and margins. Let me now talk about 2015 where our focus will be on restoring our U.S. momentum. We have a solid line-up of new products that will bring variety, news and excitement to the category. In addition to the carryover benefit of Brookside Crunchy Clusters and Reese's Spreads, we're also launching Kit Kat White Minis Hershey’s Caramels, Ice Breakers Cool Blasts Chews, Reese’s Spreads Snacksters Graham Dippers and some other yet to be announced new products. Additionally, the Reese’s brand is leveraging its NCAA relationship and is becoming the official sponsor of ESPN College Football Game Day. These initiatives are tied into customers, specific merchandizing programs and big core brands that should result in higher quality merchandizing versus last year. Additionally, we're increasing our reach as we're adding incremental headcount to our sales force that will result in hours in store being up mid single digits. We'll complement this with increased levels of advertising that I mentioned earlier. We believe the investments we're making across our business, positions us for future growth. The dynamics of the confectionary category, impulsivity, conversion rate of check-outs, season, multiple pack types are all an advantage. As a result, in 2015 we anticipate that the plans we have in place will help mitigate the volume elasticity related to the price increase and it will outpace the category and again, gain market share. Let me now provide you with some information on our international business. For the full year, our international net sales increased nearly 15%, including the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates and positive contribution of about $54 million for Shanghai Golden Monkey. Excluding SGM and unfavorable FX, international net sales increased 10%, a solid number, but less than our expectations due to macroeconomic headwinds that have yet to subside and will most likely remain a challenge this year. The Hershey Golden Monkey integration work is underway and on track. In 2015 we will distribute acquired confectionary and protein based bean curd snacks into the China modern trade and we expect to have deeper Tier 2 city coverage of some Hershey chocolate products. We're also leveraging newly acquired manufacturing capabilities. In China, Brazil, Mexico and India we've made solid progress against our planned initiative of investing in go-to-market capabilities and portfolio expansion. In select markets, we launched Reese's and is off to a good start. Additionally, we're testing additional products as we look to build out global brands over the next few years. Therefore in 2015, including a negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates and excluding the impact of M&A, we expect international net sales growth to increase around 10%. Including SGM, reported international net sales are expected to be around $1.2 billion by the end of 2015. By country, our chocolate business in China had a solid year. Chocolate category growth in 2014 was about 12%. Historically the chocolate category has increased 10% to 11% in the fourth quarter. However, it's slowed to around 8% as we see less gifting behind the Government policy changes. Hershey fourth quarter retail takeaway of about 20% was less than our expectation. Importantly, our market share in Q4 increased a full point to around 11%. In Mexico, chocolate category growth in the modern trade in 2014 was around 1%. The category and consumer struggled during the year although trends were better in the second half of the year with chocolate category growth of 3%, but this is still below the historical growth rate of 7% to 8%. Hershey Mexico chocolate retail takeaway for the year was up around 2%, resulting in a market share gain of 0.3 points. We expect 2015 to be better than last year albeit in a continuing challenging environment. Our performance in Brazil has sequentially improved as the year progressed. For the year Brazil chocolate growth was 1% versus about 5% in recent years. Hershey retail takeaway was up 2%. Our performance was driven by our Hershey tablet bar growth and the launch of Reese's. We look to build on this in 2015. Now to wrap up, our consumer and customer plans as well as our investment profile for 2015, clearly reflect the learnings from 2014. Our plans are focused and the investment profile was concentrated in the areas to leverage Hershey's advantage brands and go to market strength. Investment in our brands, innovation and capabilities as well as an increase across all channels and merchandizing and programming, positions the company to compete effectively in confectionary and across the broader snack continuum. We believe these investments should generate organic net sales growth or constant currency sales, excluding M&A and FX impacts of around 4% to 6% in 2015. This is less than our previous estimate and reflects the macroeconomic headwinds in international markets and the slowly improving U.S. non-seasonal trends. I typically just talked to net sales with and without M&A however, when we established our long-term sales target, we didn't anticipate the U.S. dollar being this strong. Given the current backdrop, we expect foreign exchange rates to be greater than our previous estimate and be about one percentage point unfavorable in 2015. We estimate that the net contribution for acquisitions and divestitures will be around 2.5 points. We continue to focus on growth initiatives and margin opportunities behind continuous productivity improvement initiatives. With the conclusion of the Project Next Century program, in 2015 we'll focus on with the next largest opportunities are for future incremental productivity and cost savings. A portion of any particular savings from this assessment would be reinvested in our CMG and snacks business to accelerate our growth and we'll provide more information on this at the upcoming CAGNY Conference. I'll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some additional detail on our financial results. Bert?
Bert Alfonso: Well thank you JP and good morning, to everyone. It's a pleasure to be here to talk about our results as well as some of the recent M&A activity. As Mark mentioned, I've been very close to all of this as I have responsibility for the M&A function as well as our international segment. So let's get started. Fourth quarter net sales of $2 billion increased 2.7% versus last year, generating adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.04, an increase of 20.9%. As JP stated, the sales increase was lower than our expectations, primarily due to lower retail store traffic. Net price realization, mostly in the U.S., was a 3.1 point benefit. Excluding Shanghai Golden Monkey, volume was off 2.3 points due to price elasticity associated with the U.S. price increase announced in July and lower than expected non-seasonal sales. The Shanghai Golden Monkey acquisition was a 2.7 point benefit and foreign currency was a 0.8 point headwind. Q4 U.S. seasonal sales primarily driven by holiday increased high single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Full year seasonal sales were a bit higher given a later Easter in 2014. Conversely Easter is 15 days shorter in 2015 and will be a headwind this year. From a market place perspective, our Halloween and holiday market share increased 0.9 points and 1.1 points respectively. International net sales in the fourth quarter, increased 28% including a benefit of about $54 million related to the Shanghai Golden Monkey acquisition. Excluding Shanghai Golden Monkey, international net sales increased 8% as reported and 11% on a constant currency basis as unfavorable FX was greater than anticipated. Macroeconomic headwinds in Q4 led to international sales being lower than our expectations. Turning to margins, fourth quarter adjusted gross margin increased by 30 basis points. The increase is driven by net price realization, slightly favorable input cost and supply chain productivity, partially offset by unfavorable sales mix and other supply chain costs. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings before interest and taxes or EBIT increased 17.5% versus last year, generating an adjusted EBIT margin of 18.7%, a 240 basis point increase versus last year. The increase was due to the higher gross margin and lower SM&A cost that declined about 5% due primarily to lower employee related costs. In Q4, advertising was up about the same as last year and as we said throughout the year, advertising GRPs were up mid single digits on a percentage basis versus 2013. Now let me provide a bit more detail on our international business. China continues to drive international net sales growth and excluding Shanghai Golden Monkey increased about 35% in both the fourth quarter and for the full year. We anticipate a similar profile in 2015. I'm very pleased with the progress we continue to make in China and remain optimistic regarding confectionery growth in both the modern and traditional trade. We'll continue to expand our selling capabilities and expect growth in 2015 to be balanced between velocity and distribution games. We will also expand cross-selling of products between Shanghai Golden Monkey and Hershey China in the coming year. And finally we were very pleased with our 1.6 point share gain in chocolate in 2014. In Brazil, Q4 net sales were about the same as last year on a reported basis, an increase about 12% on a constant currency basis. For the full year, net sales declined about 3% on a reported basis and increased about 7% on a constant currency basis versus last year. Despite the difficult category environment, we were pleased with a small share gain of 0.1 points. In 2015, we're exploring other go-to-market options together with our current JV Partner Bauducco. Our distribution JV with Bauducco has enabled us to double our market share in the last few years. However, we are considering having total control over the selling and distribution function to give us more flexibility and investment options. In Mexico, fourth quarter net sales declined 6% on a reported basis and were flat on a constant currency basis versus last year. For the full year, net sales declined to 8% on a reported basis and 4% on a constant currency basis compared to 2013. Again our chocolate performance is favorable with a 0.3 point share gain driven by both velocity and distribution gains. Trends in Mexico are getting better and we expect continued improvement throughout 2015, although still below the historical growth rates. We’ve made solid progress against our international strategic plans. We remain committed to our core markets and we’ll continue to make the necessary investments to build distribution capability, brand equity, and drive trial and repeat purchases. Moving down to P&L, the fourth quarter interest expense is $21 million, was about the same as last year. The before year interest expense was $85 million and in line with our expectations. And for 2015, we expect interest expense to be $75 million to $80 million. The adjusted rate for fourth quarter and the full year was 34.5% in line with our estimates. In 2015, we expect the adjusted tax rate to be similar to last year. In the fourth quarter, with average shares outstanding on a diluted basis, we're approximately $223.5 million, we need to adjust earnings per share $1.4, an increase of 20.9%. Full year adjusted EBIT increased 5.8% versus last year, generating an adjusted EBIT margin of 19.6% or a 40 basis point increase. The increase was driven by lower SG&A. Turning now to the balance sheet and to our cash flow. At the end of the fourth quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year's fourth quarter by $240 million. The cash receivable was higher by $119 million primarily due the Shanghai Golden Monkey acquisition, Lotte China consolidation and traditional credit terms provided to our largest customers in China. Inventory was higher by $141 million to the Shanghai Golden Monkey in Lotte, as well as higher raw material inventory levels, primarily dairy that we mentioned in the last quarter. And accounts payable increased by $21 million. Capital additions including software were $139 million in the fourth quarter and $379 million for the full year in line with our expectations. This included capital related to our manufacturing facility that we're building in Johor, Malaysia. In 2015, we expect CapEx to be in a $375 million to $400 million range. The company repurchased 2 million outstanding shares in the fourth quarter and 202 million for the full year. Repurchases of 125 million were against the prior authorization and 77 million were against the current 250 million repurchased authorization approved in February of 2014. In addition, 32 million of common shares were repurchased in Q4 to replace shares issued in connection with the exercises of stock options. Depreciation and amortization was $59 million in the fourth quarter and $212 million for the full year in line with expectations. Dividends paid during the quarter were $115 million and $440 million for the full year. Cash and short term investments at the end of the fourth quarter were $471 million slightly below our expectations due to the lower sales. The company remains well positioned to fund our dividends, working capital, capital expenditure requirements and acquisitions. Let me close by providing context into our 2015 outlook. As J.P. summarized in 2015 we have a solid pipeline of target innovation, merchandising and programming that can drive pack type and channel growth. In addition, advertising related to consumer marketing expense is expected to increase at a rate greater than net sales growth. As a result, we expect 2015 net sales to increase from 5.5% to 7.5% including the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates, and a net contribution from acquisitions and divestitures of about 2.5 points. This includes the acquisition of Shanghai Golden Monkey and Allan Candy that closed in the fourth quarter, as well as the agreement entered into over the last month to acquire Krave Jerky and divested Mauna Loa. We expect the Krave and Mauna Loa transactions to close in the first quarter. Excluding that acquisitions and divestitures, sales are expected to increase 3% to 5%. This is lower than our previous estimate due to the continued macroeconomic headwinds as well as greater than initial estimates related to unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. And we expect foreign exchange impact to be greater than our previous estimate and have an unfavorable impact of approximately one percentage point on our full year net sales growth. We continue to have a significant focus on gross margin and expect the previously announced pricing action, as well as productivity and cost savings to result in 2015 gross margin expansion of 135 to 145 basis points. Adjusted earnings per share diluted are expected to increase 8% to 10% and that includes dilution from acquisitions and divestitures of $0.03 to $0.05 per share. Before we open it up for Q&A, just a couple of thoughts on the first quarter. Remember that Easter is two weeks shorter this year and being sold in at the old price points which will pressure gross margin. Our international sales profile is similar to prior years with annual growth primarily driven by second half. Therefore total first quarter net sales including M&A are expected to be around the low end of our annual sales target. Additionally, brand building as well as investments and selling capabilities will ramp up in Q1. Given all these moving parts, EPS growth is expected to be pressured in the first quarter and higher as the year progresses. I thank you for your time this morning, and will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Baumgartner: J.P., did I hear correctly about a sales force increase in 2015?
John Bilbrey: If you think about the total investment we're making on our go-to-market strategy both in international as well as North America, the U.S. will continue to invest in hours for store in our sales organization. Then of course in China we've been talking about a geographic expansion there. So it requires a broader go-to-market strategy. So yes, we are really investing again in our go-to-market capabilities.
John Baumgartner: So just digging deeper in the US increase, is it in terms of just why now. Is it more of a sense the competitive environment is maybe shifting beyond your current capabilities? Or is it more related to shifts in channel shopping by consumers and the irregularities there?
John Bilbrey: Well I think the biggest driver for us is, we look at 2014 in a competitive nature of merchandising and being in the right place and being able to responsive. We really see that as always being one of our core advantages and we continue to believe that. We're going to invest in those resources at retail.
John Baumgartner: Thanks J.P.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So I had a question about as we're looking into next year and the parts of the revenue, the drags on revenue relative to target right now, aside from FX, are the non-seasonal, confections business in the US. And the international, collectively, the international business is below long-term targets. So if you could talk about first, on the non-seasonal business, are you seeing any sequential improvement in January or so far year-to-date, just simply because you've got some pressure? Gas prices are lower, jobless numbers that look better. Just any insights into how non-seasonal is maybe tracking as you moved into the first quarter.
John Bilbrey: Sure. There's a couple of things and we’re encouraged with some of the things we're seeing as we deconstruct the weekly data. So you’re correct, the non-seasonal FDMx sales has been the biggest drag in our business. So we feel good about the fact, the fourth quarter we saw improvement we continue to grow ahead of the category and it was really a result that we think improve focus on merchandising in specific channels. In FDMx it's a slower built there because the planning cycle is also different. But there’s a couple of things that we were seeing, and if we look at the weekly data when you get the most recent quarter, you're going to see that we're making good progression from a share standpoint. We think that reflects some of the changes we made in merchandising. One of the other things that we're seeing is a trips continue to be negative although they are getting better but negative and off course that continues to effect the consumer business, as everyday business, people log into story, you loose that instinct consumable piece. So we are very focused on that. There is a piece of data that I recently looked at for our brand specifically that would in the trip, there is an increase in actual purchase size. So the trips that we're getting purchase side is actually up. But the one caveat I make, keep in mind with the fourth quarter you have some seasonal, so that can be part of it. But in the weekly data, and this is all home scale information, we do have some really encouragement there. So I feel good about what I'm beginning to see anecdotally as you talked to retailers, I would say that I’m hearing some of those same kinds of sentiments echoed. And then of course we all are aware that the consumers had a lot of pressure at the bottom of the economic pyramid and its still yet to be seen how that consumer participates in the market. But for the total, I think I’m encouraged.
Bryan Spillane: That's really helpful. And I just wanted to clarify. In terms of the -- your revenue outlook for this year, and actually the gross margin because it's affected by it as well, are you expecting a material improvement both in international or non-seasonal? Or at this point, will an improvement be upside to where the guidance is?
Bert Alfonso: You started the questions by started comparing what we were thinking in the third quarter versus more recently. And if you think about the international side, a half of point is really just incremental drag from FX, back then we’re thinking closer to half a point today, we’re firmly at a point and we'll see where that goes, hopefully the dollar starts to stabilize a bit. When we look at international business, we're probably closer to around 13% back than we alluded to 10 as J.P. mentioned. The macro economy has got little tougher in places like Brazil and Mexico. We saw a little bit of slow down in China in the fourth quarter but we worry less about that. We've had a lot of momentum going into Chinese New Year but certainly what J.P. talked about in terms of some pickup on the everyday business and little bit lower expectations at least for 2015 in international is what makes the biggest difference. We also had a little pressure on our export business which while is not huge is very profitable and as you can imagine the currency into some of these markets also has some impact.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, Bert. That's helpful. And again, as we tie that altogether, does the guidance assume that things really improve, or would improvement in both of those areas be upside to where our revenue guidance is?
Bert Alfonso: We're hoping for - although we haven't baked it into our plans, gradual improvement. But we would say back half versus first half.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Feeney: So I have three questions, but they're all kind of related. The first is, about what percent of your North American volume do you assume is going to be under the new price increase this year? You mentioned Easter was, and about what percent would that be? Related to that and secondly is, is there some negative mix factor I'm missing that why gross margins would only be up 120 to 130 rough gross margin? When you've got this magnitude of price increase, you're number two commodity dairy is now in free fall, and I know you've bought forward to some extent and that's understandable. But it looks to me like your cost bucket might be flat to down exiting the year. But is there something I'm missing as to why that margin expansion is so small, and how that might pace over the year? And then third and finally, can you give us a sense of what kind of volume you're thinking globally associated with this guidance? So maybe I can understand if there's some deep manufacturing deleverage like we saw in the fourth quarter? Thanks very much.
John Bilbrey: Let me take the pricing one first and then let Bert talk a little bit about the gross margin. The best way to think about the pricing is as we move through the year, there is still some activities that are under the old price certainly around the seasonal business. So you’ll begin to see that have a greater impact in Q2 and Q3 and then if you think about getting through the end of 2015, we continue to model the elasticity at about one to one rate in terms of volume and price. So by the time we get to the first quarter of 2016, our modeling would suggest that we’re back to a whole environment or back to 100 in terms of volume contribution to our growth. So that's the way I would think about it broadly. There is a lot of movement still, but as we look at some of our channel modeling, there is nothing that we're seeing that would cause us to believe that it would be any different than how we planned. As you know, when we were increasing advertising in a very rapid rate back in 2008, 2009 and 2011, there might have been a little bit of a faster conversion rate but we think the way we’ve currently model this its probably about right.
Bert Alfonso: Let me try to fill your end on your question around gross margin. As we think about our gross margin expansion, we're expecting 135 to 145 basis points. We are coming off the year when we’re actually down at gross margin first time in a long time. We did start to see a pick up in the fourth quarter slightly below what we thought. When you look at our year end year commodities, I won't talk specifically about hedging program but clearly cocoa is still on average at higher prices than it was in our 2014 standard. And that’s really a function of - as we roll out of commodity program in a environment of increasing costs and we've seen cocoa increase pretty dramatically. Obviously, you may have some of the lower hedges rolling off and are buying into little bit higher market. So, while we’ve seen some improvement recently and that’s good. We still have cocoa that's higher than 2014 level. So that does have some, a bit of an impact in terms of how you’re thinking about the expansion. The other thing as J.P. mentioned, our profile for 2015 is driven by pricing. So we are expecting five to six points of pricing and one to two points of lower volume. And that lower volume does pressure our absorption in the plans, and so you don’t get the full benefit of that until as you get later in the year as J.P. mentioned we start to recover the pre price increase volume. So some volume impact doesn’t work through the price of elasticity. And while some commodities are clearly in a better place like dairy, and sugar we do still have higher cocoa prices year-on-year. So that’s helping to mitigate to some degree what might be otherwise larger growth margin expansion.
Jonathan Feeney: Great, thank you. And if I could just add one follow-up real quick about the mix. Is there any big mix the factor we ought to know about, whether it's geographic or whether it's in the portfolio? Anything that's really affecting either the present quarter or 2015 that maybe isn't obvious?
Bert Alfonso: In the first quarter we certainly have the mix of Easter at the lower or old prices right, because that particular season is still protected. Once you get beyond that, then you have seasons. So if you do have that, and J.P. already talked about the everyday business starting to improve but the more that improves quicker, the better we look on a mix basis. We did have as is already explained, not as good a mix in 2014 as we thought we would just based on the every day. So certainly a first quarter impact on Easter at old prices, and then improving throughout the year as pricing kicks in.
Mark Pogharian: Jon its Mark, just one thing so you would expect that we would have the most pricing than in the second and the third quarter and looking at it total company for the full year you’re probably thinking – think about it as five to six points a price volume of 1.5 to 2 points because most - a lot of the international business is all going to be volume driven and then you got a point of FX so that’s I guess how to think about the full year.
Jonathan Feeney: Great. That’s very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard: So a couple of quick questions. It was a little alarming to hear about how the candy mint and gum category growth has slowed to about 1.7% in 2014, and how there might be some encroachment from other snacking categories. Are you worried that some of those types of shifts may be more structural I guess? Are you seeing -- are you worried about smaller brands continuing to come up? And then my second question is actually more about the acquisition strategy from here. As you've bought the Krave business and moved very clearly into a very different snacking category, might we see more of those types of moves that you end up bulking up in snack categories that are maybe more in line with where the consumer is heading? Thank you very much.
John Bilbrey: Alexia to your first question around the category my answer is no. I don’t think there is anything structural that's going on here. One interesting piece of that is, helpful penetration actually went up through our brands in 2014. And so I think the thing that we’re seeing is potentially several fold. So 2014 there were lot of moving parts in terms of macroeconomic influences on consumers so we see that. The trips piece for business like ours which has this everyday component is certainly an impacted people audience stores. And I think there is a real consumer strata influence there that I think has to be dealt with. Then in terms of let's just talk about the consumers themselves. I do believe there is an evolution always happening with consumers and the relationships they have with brands, I think some of the smaller brands have done a very good job of resonating with some of the on trend things that consumers talk about and we can talk separately about Krave here in a second of why we think that's on trend product uniquely positioned within that particular segment. But as we saw takeaway improved throughout the year, we feel we became a more competitive company, responding to some of the just things that are happening within the category and consumers of course have broader choices. What we see happening almost everywhere though and I'm very optimistic about how this plays to our strengths, is that snacking and snack and portable snacking is not just a short term, this is really a trend and its becoming a habit if you look at the way the number of meals people have during the day, they have broader options on the menu of how to participate that. We just have to be competitive and we have to be competitive with the brands we have that are within the core of the Hershey Company, our confectionary products, we are expending brands like Brookside which have a nice hallow effect of goodness. And then we also see ourselves as we’ve talked about expanding across a broader snacking continuum. And even if you talk - even if you think about China in a brand - our bean curd, in China that’s a product, it brings protein, it's on trend in terms of being a snacking on the go brand. So we just see that being more and more important in terms of consumer trend and so as a company we have to adapt to where the consumer head it. We talked about simple ingredients with GMO. So if you think about a chocolate bar, there is really only four components in a chocolate bar. So we should be talking about the simplicity of that in responding to the transparency that consumers want, and we’re doing that. So I'm very optimistic about all of these things. You set us up nicely to talk about Krave. Michelle Buck who is the President of North America was very, very involved with the acquisition for Krave. She's here so, why don’t I give her a chance to just talk for a couple of minutes about the acquisition.
Michelle Buck: Thanks J.P. As J.P. mentioned, we’re seeing consumers continue to snack more and graze throughout the day and as such their snacking need are really evolving. We’re going to be focused as we continue to look at the growth of our company as a snack company and how we meet those needs. One of the areas that we’ve seen a lot of consumer interest in is affordable nutrition and protein-based snacking. So, as we look at that marketplace, clearly one of the categories that's really meeting consumers need is meat snack category that is one of the fastest growing, growing double digit in the U.S. this past year and over the past several years. Household penetration is expanding so household penetration is only up 31% but it continues to grow through two points this past year. So clearly its meeting a lot of consumer needs. And as we look to that category Krave was interesting to us because Krave is really playing in the fastest growing segment of the meat snacks category, the better for you premium segment. So we really like the brand, we think it has tremendous potential, the product preposition has a unique point of difference with a great taste, a texture, it's a culinary inspired kind of profile, and we think that there is a lot of potential as they can continue to bring new consumers into the meat snacks category in the marketplace first to leverage Hershey strengths and supply chain, consumer insights and retail to really drives the business. So we couldn’t be more excited about how it would continue to help us to meet consumer's needs as we stay very focused of course on winning in our categories.
John Bilbrey: Alright, we’ll take our next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar: Two quick things. One, J.P., would be -- and maybe you'll cover this a little bit more at CAGNY, but I think it's important just to cover the topic. I certainly appreciate the evolution of where consumers are going, and Hershey's desire to cover off on that a bit more with snacking adjacencies and such. But the last time Hershey did this, albeit in a different set of broader snacking categories, the execution really wasn't where the company wanted it to be. The sustainability of some of those items, whether it was cookies in the C-store, nuts, things like that, weren't exactly I guess as sustainable. So is there something now that is different about capabilities, the way you're planning for these sorts of things whether it's KRAVE or things beyond that that make you feel a lot better about the sustainability of it? And then I've just got a quick follow-up.
John Bilbrey: Andrew I think the biggest thing in my mind is the ability for us to execute against I think a clear business model today than we've had in the past. I think that if you look what we’re doing in China and we’re going at a plan for thoughtful to execute against the right R&D, the right distribution, the consumer insights and supporting it with advertising et cetera. I think that’s where we're probably doing a much better job today than we have in the past. And so admittedly not all things work perfectly but I think that we have a clear sense of how we want to execute it against these – against these things and I expect this to be successful.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks for that. And then I certainly understand your thought process around no structural changes to the core CMG category growth rate. Do you think for planning purposes that perhaps the historical 3% to 4% rate as a category in 2015 may prove overly optimistic, or do you think that might still hold for this year as well?
John Bilbrey: As we’ve thought about the category we certainly plan to go market share within that category. We think long term, the 3% to 4% growth rate for the category is still the right way to think about it. You know these things are sometimes a bit of up, sometime it's a bit low but as we’ve seen some improvement over the - as I talked earlier about, the quarter and the weeks et cetera, we think that it's still a good planning stand for this year to think about, positive category growth. And the most important thing is that in environment we have to win.
Andrew Lazar: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche.
Eric Katzman: A couple of questions. Kind of related to that comment about the category broadly in the U.S. It seems like the premium end of it is gaining some share for RO, Lindt, et cetera. The company, kind of like and snacks years ago, tried to get into premium but wasn't really all that successful. J.P., perhaps you could touch on that, and what that means for the category and your growth within it?
John Bilbrey: I think Eric if you look historically the premium as we sort of defined it over time, is somewhere around 7% or 8% of the total category in good economic times it always tends to grow and expand in terms of space, some of that growth is driven by distribution and then in more difficult economic times usually the distribution in category contraction goes along with it. I think what it speaks to in the current environment is the top end of the economic pyramid is fine and the consumer that participates there has the ability to participate. And I also think that part of the category has in many ways a clear message to the consumer also that is around sometime ingredients and so forth. So, I believe that’s what we are seeing more than anything else. I agree with you we have not done a good job in the premium space. We are spending a lot of time right now on how we want to participate in premium, we’re pushing up some within our – the middle of our portfolio certainly with products like Brookside which takes us up a little bit you’ll see some of the innovation we have this year which will also do that. And then we’re looking stronger our brands like Scharffen Berger and trying to make an effort to see how we can play differently with those brands. So we are not going to ignore that. I think in the past we have not done a good job. We want to reiterate ourselves a bit there and then its still problematic for the consumers are participating in the category. So you will see some category expansion from that space but I think the overall category really will continue to be driven by mass products.
Eric Katzman: Okay, thank you for that. And then, Bert, the long-term margin goals for international, obviously, the world has become more volatile, a bit slower, input costs have moved up in certain respects versus when you laid out those goals. Any comments about your ability to still achieve double-digit EBIT margins in international by 2017?
Bert Alfonso: We will probably get deeper at CAGNY but I think your point is a good one, we have seen depreciating currency not so much in China even though there we’ve seen slight - that certainly has had an impact. We continue to invest behind the brands because we think we’re in the right top line response. So I always as we think about our margins overseas we could be if you think about 2017, but we think directionally we still in the heading in the right direction, our China margins are very, very close to company average which is our biggest expanding business. And right now we are seeing a blip in our exports and in markets like Brazil. So there is certainly possibly we could be off by a year but I think directionally we are still on path to get what we said as low double digit like by 17, 18 yes.
Eric Katzman: Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it off.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: Wanted to ask a question here about pricing. I think on the last conference call, you guys discussed 2015 pricing to be up about 6.5 points. And I think today, you're saying 2015 pricing up 5 to 6 points. Maybe on one side of it, 50 bips, maybe that's just in the margin of commentary. But the low end of 5% seems considerably lower than what you were talking about last quarter for 2015 price realization. Can you guys just talk about today's thoughts on pricing?
John Bilbrey: I don’t recall the exact commentary from Q3 at this time but obviously you know when looking at the sales target this year in general, it is little bit lower than what we provided back in October. I mean obviously it does reflect how we exited the year particularly in the FDMx or call it legacy. Legacy channels that’s certainly is part of it as well.
David Driscoll: Okay. So what you're saying is that part of this reduction in the revenue guidance is related to pricing, not specifically all volume. I think when I read the release, it felt like what you guys were saying was that the volume performance in the non-seasonal was below expectations. And my interpretation was that was the flow through to 2015. But I think now you're saying that it's a combination of both lower price expectations in 2015 and lower volume expectations in 2015 versus prior guidance.
John Bilbrey: I think excluding the M&A the 3 to 5% reflects M&A roughly a half of point greater than our expectation. Some of the international headwinds that Bert talked about on the international business that will have ending up around 10% up in 2015. And then again some of the trend certainly not getting back to what we thought it would be in the non seasonal business exiting in the fourth quarter. We think if it gets better what it probably is not going to get a bigger pick up until post Easter and the second quarter when some of the innovation starts to launch there.
David Driscoll: When you guys talked in your script about higher advertising running ahead of re-rated sales growth in 2015, can I just be slightly more clear about this? This seems like it's vastly higher. So if we have 135 basis points of gross margin expansion, I think the math comes out to somewhere between a 20% or 25% increase to the A&C budget. Is that the right neighborhood to think about, or is there something else going on in the G&A line that would require a substantial investment?
Bert Alfonso: Yeah let me try to clarify that for you below gross margin. What J.P. mentioned was that, certainly our advertising would be higher year-on-year and we’re talking in the neighborhood of two times sales. There is something that you should try to understand on SG&A. The SG&A as we planned it out with M&A is going to be in the mid-teens. If you strip Alan Candy, crave which we're expecting will close in the first quarter. And then the biggest piece by far Shanghai Golden Monkey that gets you down sort of the high single digits. And it's that mid teen to high single digits with and without M&A so apples-to-apples that should make it sort to think about what happens below that. Not that advertising up 20%, we are saying it's going to be up around two times sales.
David Driscoll: That's extremely helpful. Because that part of it's hard to forecast. Just final question from me then is that when you just simplify all of this, your expectations for U.S. category growth in the chocolate candy category is more or less something around 3%, 3.5% for 2015? Is that right?
Bert Alfonso: That's right.
David Driscoll: Okay. That's all I needed. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Chris Growe: Just two quick questions for you. If I could follow on the line of questioning Dave had there. As I look at the fourth-quarter, it's not clear to me why the U.S. gets better. That is, that you had a high degree of elasticity. So is it as simple as, and you've given us some good information your sales reps and the increase in coverage there, the increase in marketing or advertising would help certainly as well. Anything else that we're not considering, maybe is there a larger new product benefit for the coming year, things that can help us get a little comfort around that 4% to 6% underlying growth.
John Bilbrey: One thing I would mention Chris and I know there were lot of moving parts in the fourth quarter but certainly in the North America business the third quarter one point time shift because of the volume certainly that was a headwind in the - for the fourth quarter but there were some positive that we certainly saw in the fourth quarter. I mean we saw the C-store class of trade did very well at the high end of our 3% to 4% long term category growth rates. One of our largest retail partner was - had takeaway in the fourth quarter certainly greater than the 3% to 4%, dollars store continue to do well. In the trends that we – again and we are seeing very early in January, are in pace with that, certainly in some of the FDMx, again building, not quite at the level of those other channels but getting better than we had given up the fourth quarter. So those are some signs of encouragement there.
Bert Alfonso: You know a couple of other things as you start to lap, the SNAP which was an event that back in November the previous year in 2013, so you start to get that back into the base. And then I think the unknown and keep in mind we never talk about gas prices in terms of leading sales up and down. So in difficult times we seem to be pretty good in terms of those linkages. However, what we don't know to answer to yet, I don’t think is that the real income that the lower fuel prices are bringing to consumers is really significant. So how that makes it way through to behavior, I don’t think we know yet but I think that’s more likely a positive than a negative, I would say for food in general and consumer products in general and then obviously we’re going to fight for our share there.
John Bilbrey: I guess the way to think about it and hopefully you’ve this team now, is that and to clarify maybe what Bert said, we continue to feel very good about our business within CMG. I think Bert has set a category previous, we actually think the category could be some that, we think we will be better than the category. And we’ll gain shares just as we did this year and our result - if you look first half, second half from a takeaway and share perspective they are much different profiles.
Chris Growe: That's good. Just a quick one if I could. The Krave acquisition, I see a lot of ways in which that fits, and you're operating the same channels. It's obviously snacking category. I think at first glance, and I wrote a note to this effect, and I'm sure that you've as well. It's just that it's a very different category for you from an input cost standpoint. And I'm just curious, should we assume that there are the snacking categories beyond the obvious confectionary categories where Hershey will be looking in the future to bolster its growth?
John Bilbrey: I think the simplest way for me to address that is, as you get to learn more about Krave, you’ll really see how the positioning of the brand, we believe is very on trend and creates differentiation within that segment. We’re always looking for both in our product development as well as potential acquisitions for things and we believe could fit well with portable nutrition and broader snacking. We will always be diligent to not distract ourselves from the core business that we’re in but we are also in the consumer products business and have to make sure that we’re meeting what consumers are always desiring. We think that’s definitely within the core businesses that we’re in. And we think because of our go-to-market capabilities, our R&D and ability to make things taste great that there are opportunities for us in broader snacking.
Chris Growe: That’s good. Thank you for your time.
John Bilbrey: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: Not to belabor the point, but I guess taking a bigger picture look at this. Do you think your long-term growth algorithm, both not only one just a sales line but also on the bottom line, is a little bit more challenged because as it seems like Hershey needs to take greater risks in terms of product integration. You're taking more risks on acquisitions, more risk on creating a new brand, having to add new salespeople. It feels like we're going into a different era with Hershey versus two or three years ago where it was not low hanging fruit, but a little bit easier to get the growth and now it seems a lot more challenging, and you have to do bigger risk items for it. Can you comment on that?
John Bilbrey: Well first I tell you it feel challenging every day, but you know, I think the way to think about it is, we feel good about our long term guidance. We know that there’s going to be these periods of times where there’s pressure on businesses and you know, if we look back I’m sure over our 120 year history and I remember hearing people talk about cocoa being at $7,000 a ton and the world was going to end. There are always, these periods of times, which seem more challenging maybe than others. But if you think about our footprint and our portfolio, the countries that we’re focused against, despite there maybe currency headwinds and these kinds of things, these are some of the best high growth GDP markets around. We don't have a lot of legacy businesses that we have to drag along with it. I look at China by itself and, largely we're a Hershey’s business there, more specifically we’re a Hershey's kisses businesses there. As we expand our category, our portfolio within the category, that gives us a tremendous amount of runway. We advertise in - like I think only about 20% or 25% of the cities that the leading competitor in the market does. So as we continue to expand that, and our household penetration grows, we can talk about what’s the right GDP for China, but if think about an emerging middle class and our portfolio over time, we have a tremendous amount of runway there. And so as we execute against our business model in a thoughtful, plan-full way, we have this very precious North American business that I have a tremendous amount of confidence in. I think that our guidance is absolutely right for the long term. We want to continue to be acquisitive and so I think we've got great future.
Ken Zaslow: And my just final -- just add on a little question is, the skill set for Hershey in terms of being very focused on chocolate is that your ability to hedge and just understand the input costs associated with Hershey is far superior - because of your knowledge base. Now you're getting into a meat category, which has a whole another host of issues which buying and selling. Does that raise concerns for you?
John Bilbrey: Well we have people in our organization in specifically in our both R&D as well as our supply chain that have a lot of experience in their background specifically within protein and in meats. So while it maybe a new endeavor for some of our folks it’s certainly not for all of our people, we’re acquiring what we thing are people with great skill sets. Obviously we’ll do everything we can to learn as much about the business as fast as we can. But when you think about food science we have a technical center with 250 professionals sitting over there many of them PhD’s in food science and they already are experts in proteins. We certainly don’t go into anything with any arrogance we’re going to be eager to learn, but we also believe that we bring some capabilities to the category that will service as well.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I thank you very much
John Bilbrey: All right. Thank you for joining us today and we'll see you all in a few weeks at the CAGNY conference.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David W. Tacka - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phyllis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company's Third Quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Dave Tacka, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2013 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2014 third quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $13.8 million or $0.05 per share diluted related to a noncash trade impairment charge cost associated with Project Next Century, a net gain related to the Shanghai Golden Monkey transaction and non-service-related pension income. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark and good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. As expected, net sales, retail takeaway and market share sequentially improved versus our first half of the year trends. Our U.S. CMG, or candy, mint and gum, retail takeaway in the xAOC plus convenience store channels increased 3.3% and was about double the category growth rate. We gained market share in nearly every 4-week quad during the quarter and across every segment. That's chocolate, non-chocolate, gum and mint. Where we focused our investments, results were good. Last quarter, we stated that there would be increased levels of in-store activity in the convenience store channel. I'll provide more detail in a moment, but C-store merchandising and programming generated 4% retail takeaway in this important channel. I was also pleased with our marketplace performance in large mass and value channels. However, store traffic in the food channel was irregular in the third quarter. Our market share in the food channel increased 0.3 points in the third quarter, but category and Hershey growth was less than the historical growth rate of the category. While preliminary Halloween sell-through in all channels, including food, is tracking with expectations, Halloween orders, merchandising and programming were executed in the marketplace, and we believe it's the right mix of seasonal-specific support that sets the stage for another winning season. However, food channel nonseasonal candy during the third quarter and into October was soft. As a result, unfavorable product sales mix pressured profitability. Similar to what we did in the C-stores, we have food channel-specific activity in the fourth quarter that we believe will improve upon these trends. As was the case last quarter, broader snack category growth and in-store activity was present across many channels, although it tempered in Q3 versus the first half of the year increase. Given this backdrop, I was pleased with the Hershey-specific programs by pack type and channel that was executed in the third quarter, enabling us to compete effectively and generate retail takeaway of 3.3%. As it relates to the pricing action we announced in July, in the fourth quarter, we expect consumers will see higher nonseasonal everyday price points. As such, we expect an initial price elasticity impact to result in lower volume in both the fourth quarter and 2015. We will work with our retail customers to ensure that the implementation of the price increase is supported with greater levels of advertising and the right mix of customer trade promotions and merchandising to reduce the impact of volume elasticity. As it relates to the buy-in, we estimate that about 0.75 points of net sales growth in the third quarter was attributable to volume, which normally would've shipped in the fourth quarter. And I'm excited that we completed the initial closing of Shanghai Golden Monkey. The strength of their portfolio, manufacturing expertise and overall distribution capabilities, especially within the traditional trade, is an opportunity for us to leverage scale to make the iconic brands of both our companies even more powerful. This acquisition will make China Hershey's second largest market by the year-end 2015 with anticipated net sales of around $500 million. Now for some marketplace performance. In the third quarter, Hershey's CMG growth in the xAOC+C channels was 2x the category growth rate. Specifically, the CMG category increased plus 1.6%. Gum continues to be a drag on total CMG performance, and excluding it, candy and mints was up a combined 2.3%. Total Hershey CMG retail takeaway for the third quarter in channels that account for about 90% of our U.S. retail business increased plus 3.3% with market share up 0.5 points. As a reminder, this represents xAOC+C store data consisting of the food, drug, MassX and C-store channels, plus the inclusion of Walmart and Partial Dollar Club and Military channels. Third quarter xAOC+C chocolate category growth was plus 2.3%. Given the upcoming Halloween and holiday season, we expect markedly greater chocolate category growth over the remainder of the year. Hershey's xAOC+C chocolate retail takeaway was 3%, an acceleration from the 2% June year-to-date amount, resulting in a Q3 chocolate market share gain of 0.3 points. We expect to build on our chocolate marketplace performance momentum over the remainder of the year given our strong seasonal plans to launch Brookside Crunchy Clusters and the new look and packaging of Hershey's Miniatures take-home packaged chocolate. While early, the new advertising support on Hershey's Miniatures is showing positive results. Third quarter non-chocolate candy, or NCC, category growth was plus 1.8%. Hershey's NCC retail sales increased to 2.7% with market share up 0.1 point. We're pleased with our Lancaster brand performance. However, we're lapping some Jolly Rancher innovation and the successful year-ago summer Twizzler promotion. Lancaster continues to show very positive results, and after 8 months in the market, is the leader within the soft caramels category. Trial and repeat is in line with expectations, and it's revitalizing the roughly $250 million caramel category that's up about 20% this year. Lancaster sales were solid in the summer, but lower versus Q1 due to seasonality. We expect sales to be strong in the fall and winter as merchandising support is executed in the marketplace. The aforementioned nonseasonal chocolate and non-chocolate activity should benefit the food channels where, as I mentioned, overall store traffic continues to be mixed. And we continue to do well within the gum and mint categories. Specifically, our Q3 gum and mint retail takeaway within the xAOC+C universe was up 16% and 6%, respectively. As a result, our gum market share increased by 0.8 points, and we now have a 5.1% share of the market. Our mint market share increased by 0.1 points, expanding our segment-leading position to 39.5%. In the C-store channel, Q3 CMG category growth was up 3.4%. Hershey's Q3 C-store retail takeaway increased 4%, driven by solid candy and mint performance, resulting in a 0.2 market share gain in this channel. I was pleased with our C-store chocolate retail takeaway of 3.5%. The programs I mentioned last quarter such as the King of Summer program, the Coca-Cola and Reese's promotion and the 7-Eleven Big Gulp and King Size promotion drove our solid performance. In the fourth quarter and into 2015, we have C-store merchandising and programming as well as innovations such as seasonal-shaped Reese's products and the 2015 launches of Kit Kat White Minis, Reese's Crunchy Cup and Ice Breakers Cool Blasts Chews that should enable us to win in the C-store channel. I'd also like to provide you with an update on our category segment whose marketplace performance is excluded from the CMG Nielsen database. The Hershey's Spreads launch is relatively in line with expectations. Trial is progressing, and in the third quarter, one of our larger retailers, the Hershey's Spreads' instant consumable pack type was the company's fifth-largest SKU at the front end. Reese's Spread in a jar ships in Q4 and the instant consumable will launch in 2015. Our entry into chocolate spreads is driving category growth of almost 20% this year. As a result, we're getting good collaboration from our retail partners. Now moving to international. As expected, similar to last year's profile, third quarter international net sales increased in the teens, up 18.4%. China continues to do well and is the driver of our overall international net sales growth. China chocolate category growth increased 11% in Q3. The category is developing as anticipated with instant consumable and take-home growth both up double digits. Hershey third quarter retail takeaway was about 4x the category growth rate. For Nielsen, our year-to-date market share is around 10%, driven by the Hershey's and Kisses brands, which have gained 0.9 and 0.7 market share points this year. We've carried our momentum into the fourth quarter and have begun shipping Reese's. It's been a milestone year for us in China and we're on track to achieve about $200 million in China chocolate net sales in 2014. Third quarter net sales growth in Mexico and Brazil were slightly below our estimates. In the modern trade, chocolate category growth in Mexico was up about 4%. Hershey Mexico chocolate retail takeaway was up 6%, resulting in a modern trade chocolate market share gain of 0.4 points. Volume has been gradually improving throughout the year as consumers get used to the higher prices. Trends in Brazil have improved versus the soft start to the year with third quarter net sales in both U.S. dollars and local currency up mid-single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Year-to-date, the Brazil chocolate category, as well as Hershey retail takeaway, is up 1%. Looking at the subsegment of chocolate wafer candy, Hershey's Mais retail takeaway is up 16% year-to-date. We'll look to build on our momentum here as it's a unique form in this competitive market. Over the years, we've also had success in growing our international export business. Our products can be found in over 70 countries in both developed and emerging markets. We have a profitable export business model and targeted balanced growth with an objective of maintaining the right level of distributor inventory so consumers experience fresh product. Given macroeconomic challenges in some of these markets, demand has tempered. Our go-to-market philosophy of shipping to consumption applies to these markets as well. As a result, we now expect full year international net sales growth, excluding the contribution from Golden Monkey, to increase low double digits. We're focused on the long term and believe the aforementioned challenges facing international export consumers is a short-term issue. Dave will provide you with additional financial details of our Q3 results and our full year outlook, so let me now provide you with some of my closing thoughts. Macroeconomic challenges persist, putting pressure on consumers and retailers. Over the remainder of the year and into 2015, we have targeted innovation, advertising, merchandising and programming to address the needs of consumers by channel and pack type. In the fourth quarter, holiday is tracking as expected, and we're excited about the launch of Brookside Crunchy Clusters, Reese's Crunchy Cup and Reese's Spreads. Along with the carryover benefit of our fourth quarter innovation, in 2015, we're bringing a lot of variety, news and excitement to the category with the new product launches of Kit Kat White Minis, Hershey's Caramels, Ice Breakers Cool Blasts Chews, Reese's Spreads instant consumable as well as some other yet-to-be-announced new products. These initiatives will be supported with greater level of advertising and related consumer marketing that's expected to increase in 2015 at a rate greater than sales growth. These initiatives should position us and to deliver against our objectives. I remain optimistic about our future. Globally, the investments we're making in our scale chocolate brands and go-to-market capabilities are having the desired effect. Kisses and Hershey's are gaining momentum and are true global brands with around 45% and 25% of total brand sales now achieved outside the U.S. Reese's is rolling out in a measured and well-supported pace in China, Mexico and Brazil and initial consumer response is in line with expectations. And Brookside continues to post strong double-digit sales growth and tests well in our international markets. So there's a lot to be excited about. We have plans in place that positions us to win wherever we compete. Our brand-building model is evolving and we expect to grow market share across all of our key markets. We remain focused and know what we need to do to succeed and increase shareholder value. I'll now turn it over to Dave, who will provide you with the financial details. Dave?
David W. Tacka: Thank you, J.P. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Third quarter net sales of $1.96 billion increased 5.8% versus last year, generating adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.05, an increase of 1% from last year. Organic net sales growth in the quarter was 6% and was driven primarily by volume. Foreign currency exchange rates, primarily involving Canada, were a 20 basis point headwind. Sales were driven by strong Halloween seasonal growth, new products and instant consumable items in the convenience store channel. Core brand and new product volume growth contribution to net sales were roughly equal in the quarter. By geography, net sales increase included growth in North America and international markets of 4.2% and 18.4%, respectively. Turning to margins. As expected, adjusted gross margin declined in the quarter, driven by higher input costs, primarily cocoa and dairy; greater levels of trade support for in-store merchandising and programming; and other costs related to executing the price increase. However, the 240 basis point decline in gross margin was greater than our forecast as a result of a less favorable sales mix, higher-than-forecast freight and warehousing costs related to the price increase and higher costs related to aged inventory, packaging material write-offs and the timing of certain fixed cost deferrals. In the fourth quarter, gross margin is expected to increase as the company begins to lap the higher input costs it began to incur in the fourth quarter of a year ago. However, as a result of the higher supply chain costs and expected lower sales volumes, we now expect full year gross margin to decline about 75 basis points versus 2013. Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes in the third quarter increased 1% versus last year, generating adjusted EBIT margin of 19.4%, a 90 basis point decline versus last year. The decrease was due to the lower gross margin. During the quarter, advertising and related consumer marketing expense increased 1%, while selling and administrative expenses declined 1%. As we stated last quarter, GRPs, which are gross rating points or impressions, will be up mid-single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Now let me provide a brief update on our international business. Similar to last year, 2014 international sales growth is back half-weighted, given the timing of distribution gains, new product launches and seasonal growth. Third quarter international net sales increased 18.4%, slightly below our estimates, primarily in Mexico and certain export markets. Net sales in China were solid and were in line with the retail takeaway that J.P. referenced. Plans are in place to generate similar results in the fourth quarter that should result in full year China chocolate net sales of around $200 million. In Brazil, third quarter net sales on a reported and constant currency basis increased about 5% versus last year. In Mexico, third quarter net sales on a reported and constant currency basis declined about 4% versus last year. Our businesses in both Mexico and Brazil are improving, albeit slowly. As expected, the macroeconomic operating environment in both countries remains sluggish, and as a result, we continue to expect net sales in 2014 to be slightly below the prior year. As J.P. mentioned, fourth quarter order flow and demand in select international markets has tempered given macroeconomic headwinds. As a result, we now expect full year net sales growth outside the U.S. and Canada to increase low double digits versus our previous estimate of about a 15% increase. Note that this excludes the contribution from Shanghai Golden Monkey. Moving down the P&L. Third quarter interest expense of $21 million was about the same as last year. For the full year, we continue to expect interest expense to be around $85 million. The adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 34.8%, in line with our estimate. For the full year, we continue to expect the adjusted tax rate to be around 34.5%. For the third quarter of 2014, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately $224 million, leading to adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.05. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the third quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year's third quarter by $224 million, $107 million of which is related to acquisitions. Accounts receivable was higher by $127 million, primarily as a result of the Golden Monkey acquisition and the higher sales levels. Our global accounts receivable aging remains extremely current. Inventory was higher by $138 million as a result of the Golden Monkey and China manufacturing facility acquisitions, together with some higher raw material inventory levels in North America. Accounts payable increased by $41 million, primarily as a result of the acquisitions. Capital additions, including software, were $83 million in the third quarter. For the year, we now expect total capital expenditures to be about $360 million to $370 million, lower than our previous estimate of $380 million to $390 million, primarily due to timing related to the manufacturing facility we're building in Johor, Malaysia. Depreciation and amortization was $53 million in the third quarter, in line with our estimates. During the third quarter, the company repurchased $75 million of outstanding shares against the $250 million repurchase authorization that was approved in February of 2014. Additionally, $31 million of common shares were repurchased to replace shares issued in connection with the exercise of stock options. All $106 million of acquired shares were repurchased in the open market. During the quarter, dividends paid were $115 million. Cash and short-term investments at the end of the third quarter of $575 million was in line with our forecasts. Seasonal working capital requirements, combined with closing on the Shanghai Golden Monkey purchase at the end of September, caused us to take on approximately $300 million of commercial paper debt in the U.S. that we will pay off in early November. The balance of the short-term debt increase relates to the Golden Monkey acquisition and the needs in our other international markets. The company remains well positioned to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements and acquisitions. Now to summarize. We made progress in the third quarter as net sales, retail takeaway and market share improved versus the first half of the year. Halloween and holiday are tracking nicely. The company's chocolate business in China continues to be strong and is the driver of our international sales growth. However, challenges in nonseasonal sales growth, particularly in the U.S. food channel, combined with the pushback launch of Ice Breakers Cool Blasts Chews and weakness in certain international export markets, have caused us to lower our organic sales growth projection for 2014. We now expect 2014 net sales to increase around 4.75%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rate and the contribution from Golden Monkey sales of about 0.75 points. Given year-to-date results, combined with higher supply chain costs, unfavorable sales mix and lower sales volumes than previously forecast for the fourth quarter, we now expect full year gross margin to decline about 75 basis points versus 2013. Total selling, marketing and administrative expenses will be about in line with a year ago as the company leverages investments made in go-to-market capabilities established over the last few years. As a result, the company anticipates 2014 adjusted earnings per share diluted growth for the full year to be around 8%. The impact of Shanghai Golden Monkey in 2014 is minimal, given the late September closing date. As J.P. summarized, we have a solid pipeline of targeted innovation, merchandising and programming that should drive pack type and channel growth in 2015. Additionally, advertising and related consumer marketing expense is expected to increase at a rate greater than net sales growth. We're focused on the plans and investments to drive top line growth and believe these initiatives will resonate with consumers and be a catalyst that enables the CMG category to increase within its historical growth rate of 3% to 4%. There are a couple of other items expected to impact 2015 sales growth. The company has signed a definitive agreement to purchase The Allan Candy Company in Canada for approximately $28 million. This company co-manufactures products such as Jolly Rancher Hard Candy and Lancaster Caramels for Hershey. It also has other confectionery product sales of around $30 million. The primary goal of the acquisition is to increase capacity and manufacturing capability for Hershey's sweets and refreshment products. The transaction will close upon completion of regulatory reviews, which we expect to be by the end of 2014. We will also make product line changes in India that will negatively impact sales growth by about 40 basis points. These changes include the termination of edible oil sales as our brand license expires. We will also rationalize certain other low-margin products as we focus on our product portfolio. As a result of these, we expect 2015 net sales to increase about 7% to 9%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates and a contribution from acquisitions of around 2.5 points. We continue to be a gross-margin-focused company and expect that the previously announced pricing action, as well as productivity and cost savings, will result in gross margin expansion in 2015. We expect increases in advertising and direct marketing expenses to increase faster than sales and continued SG&A cost discipline. The resulting growth in adjusted earnings per share diluted is expected to be in the 9% to 11% range. Thank you for your time this morning. J.P., Mark and I will now take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I guess, the question, just looking forward into 2015 and trying to get a sense for -- there's a lot of moving parts and just trying to get a sense for how aggressive your underlying plan is for next year. So if I kind of think about headwinds and tailwinds this year, probably the biggest hurdle was that gross margins came in below expectations. And even though you had sales softer than expected in nonseasonal, now in the food channel and you've had some softness in the export business, the biggest sort of hurdle from an earnings perspective was gross margins coming in below expectations. So can you just kind of frame for us, as you think about high end, low end of your guidance range for next year, some of the puts and takes that are important in terms of getting you to the top end versus the low end and whether this guide for '15 maybe has some more flexibility or some more caution into it than maybe what you were looking at when you started '14?
David W. Tacka: Okay. Well, Bryan, I'll start with that. When we look at the gross margin and the issues for this year, the biggest issue really wound up being around our commodities and the dairy costs and we've really addressed that with our pricing action that we've taken. In addition, we did, here in this quarter, have some additional issues around some obsolescence things and we'll be able to fix those. I mean, essentially, we didn't adjust to some of our production schedules as quickly as we probably should have in light of how the sales were changing. So fundamentally, overall, we continue to be on track with our productivity initiatives, and so we expect that we'll be able to continue to improve gross margin in 2015 and stay true to our business model where the margin will also increase enough to be able to be increasing our advertising faster than our sales growth next year, which is part of our plan to support the price increase.
John P. Bilbrey: Bryan, I would just add to what Dave said that I think one of the learnings we have from this year is really around how we executed by channel and some of the specificity of what we were seeing in channel. So I think from -- if I were able to change one thing this year, would really be around our quality merch on a channel-specific basis. So we're going to be doing more precision marketing as we go forward. And what you saw in the third quarter is the place is based on planning cycles where we were able to do that as we knew we were going to sequentially improve through the year in North America. We saw good results from doing that. So I think you'll see us ensuring that we're getting the right merchandising levels by channel to be able to win in the marketplace.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So is it fair to say, as we kind of look into '15, that your plan doesn't assume that there is going to be a real imminent reacceleration of growth in the food channel? You're still expecting that the export business in the next year will be soft. I guess you're expecting gross margins will expand, but it's -- you're not -- some of these issues that sort of have hit you, especially in the second half this year, it's not like you're expecting an immediate reacceleration incorporated in the guidance that you gave us.
John P. Bilbrey: No, I think the things that are in our control, we will be doing what I hope to be a better job of making sure that we've got the right support by channel to continue to win share, which we're doing that. I think there's caution globally around just the consumer environment in general. So there's probably some of that in our thinking, but I think we'll be executing very aggressively.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: So I guess following up a little bit. So if I read you right, you have 4.5% to 6.5% organic net sales growth for next year, which, if I'm getting the -- and correct me if I'm wrong here, if I'm getting the price contribution, if I look at the list price, the region that's in, that's essentially looking for no volume growth for next year? And the last time you implemented a price increase, you did see volumes drop off, as to be expected, but maybe a little bit less substantially. I guess, in light of a little bit better consumer spending situation now than in, say, 2011, if you could just -- first of all, let me know if I have my math right about that for 2015, and I guess, a little bit more detail on why that is.
David W. Tacka: Yes, I think as you think about 2015, what I tried to point out in the comments is that we're doing some product line changes in India that have about 40 basis points headwind into the sales growth. So I think overall, in organic, without that, we would still expect to be in about that 5% to 7% range. And so I think for next year, what we're looking at is we're looking at price to be about 6.5%, and we're probably -- depending on how the sell-through and the conversions go, we would expect to have volume declines against that of somewhere from 0% to 2%. And of course, we would be being helped with that with some of the innovation and with the advertising and the other things that we would be typically doing to respond to the price increase.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: Got you. And I guess that leads into -- the last time you took a big price increase in '11, '12, you raised ad spending over that period pretty dramatically, yet -- I mean, relative to sales. But that was off a much lower base and we've talked about how maybe you're at a more sustainable level now. Do you -- would you see ad spending as a percent of sales growing next year?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that what you would see is that we'll continue to probably spend in a range of, call it, 2x sales growth. If you remember, when we were growing advertising in the previous price increase, it was off of a very low base. As you point out, we feel as though, at our current level of spending, we're probably at the right level to support the brand. So we always model these at about a 1:1 ratio. That's how we've modeled this one. We've done better in some of these, but that's how we model it and that's how we build it into our plan.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: And just one last, detailed question. That little impairment you took, what brand was that? Or what region did that come from at least?
David W. Tacka: What -- we have to do impairment tests on our intangibles each year and this is particularly related to the Mauna Loa macadamia nut brand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC Capital Markets.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You hinted that Hershey will be pushing back against the competitive in-store merchandising you're seeing, particularly in C-store channels and particularly with the instant consumables. There was king-size display activity you said you're rolling out, your limited editions. How would you say this incremental merchandising is working for you so far?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think we're very pleased with the results we got in both 3Q in C-stores. We saw it in Mass and a couple of other channels where we were able to increase our quality merch. We got really good results. The planning cycles there and our ability to respond are shorter than some of the other channels. So if we go back and analyze the first half of the year and some of the areas where, frankly, we -- you could say we got beat or we didn't merchandise at the levels we thought we should, we didn't get the results we wanted. And so we're really correcting for that and we felt really good about the results we were able to get. And so we're building that into our plans going forward. And then of course, as you know, in the first half, we weren't as chocolate-driven as we are in the second half and that's made a difference as well.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And one final question. On the resealable pouches, it seems that Hershey, over several years here, has been rolling out the -- that pouch-packaged Minis and Pieces and putting some advertising and merchandising activity behind that per brand. York has been the most recent benefit of this. Do you see that packaging rollout continuing to hit more and more of your business? Or is that benefit perhaps running its course as you get across the brands?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think one way to think about it is we see package innovation that can support occasions as a really important insight. So I think what you'll see from us is that we have a number of package innovations that we're testing and looking at that we -- we're pretty excited about. So yes, the pouches have been successful for us. It gets good price realization on the sizes, and it gets us into some places we haven't been, and we're going to continue to pursue some of those innovations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess, a year ago, you raised your long-term growth target on the bottom line and a lot of things have gone against you since then. Now you're kind of not surprisingly kind of suggesting that the global markets, emerging markets are a bit more challenging, but you've got a lot of incremental, let's say, EBIT coming from those emerging markets if you, in fact, make your, call it, 10-plus percent margin goals. And so I'm kind of wondering how that all fits together, granted it's like a 2017 question. But is that -- are there things at risk here given that international is that much more challenging and that's a pretty big part of what grows your EBIT over the next couple of years?
David W. Tacka: Well, I think where we're at, Eric, is our goal continues to be to get to the 10% level in international. And as things sit in 2014, our biggest issue was really around the commodities and then some other costs that sat in the gross margin that I talked about earlier. I think we've taken steps to get those into line. With respect to the international growth, our China business continues to do very well. You're right, we're a little bit behind where we were tracking as we wanted to do that with respect to India and Latin America. So we may be a little bit later depending on the levels of investment that we continue to make and how we're able to kind of work through those couple of markets. But overall, I don't see any of those as being big risks to the overall corporate targets that we expect to hit in 2017.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And if I can just -- one follow-up. I think it's on -- maybe kind of following up on Bryan's question earlier in 2015. It seems like the one input that you can't really control is dairy and some -- there have been some players in the market who have suggested that dairy may come down. Others are less optimistic. Kind of how are you thinking about dairy costs into next year and in your plans for gross margins being up next year, have you basically assumed that dairy kind of remains where it is? Or did you expect some possible benefit in that?
David W. Tacka: Well, I guess, I don't want to really get into our specific view of individual market -- of individual commodities, but what I would say is we've taken our best shot at what we believe the market would do. And also, I alluded a bit earlier in the inventory discussion that we have taken on a little bit of additional inventory and some of that is also to help us with our dairy cost visibility for next year. So we think we've taken our best shot at where we're at, but you're right, there'll be an element of risk to that as we go through 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just as we think out to 2015, a key part, obviously, of your sales growth will be a category returning back to that sort of historic 3% to 4% level that you mentioned in the prepared remarks. In the third quarter, I guess, the CMG category seemed, from your numbers, to decelerate sequentially, even when you exclude the gum portion. And that was with, I think, some incremental activity in innovation and whatnot that you brought to the market in the third quarter. I'm just trying to get a sense, what drove that? And obviously, what bends the trend, as you see it, to get back to a 3% to 4% category growth rate next year? And then I've just got a follow-up.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes. Andrew, before J.P. jumps in, I don't know if you're looking at Q2 or year-to-date, but Q2 certainly would've been impacted by the late Easter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. I think I was comparing 3Q versus the first half that you talked about on your second quarter conference call. The overall category sequentially decelerated in the third quarter from the first half level.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, if I look at 3Q, I think what we're saying for CMG was up about 1.6 points. If you look at us, we were up about 3.3 points. So I think that...
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I'm talking about category here.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, yes, that's what I was talking -- yes, that's what I'm referring to there. If you look at chocolate in particular, it was about 2 to 3 for the category, we were at about 3. So again, I think one of the key differences for us was really around the acceleration of merchandising and winning in the store every day. We had a bit of a different lag in the food channel and a lot of that was that we didn't -- we weren't able to get into the planning to be able to get the kind of incremental coverage and merchandising that we did in the other channels. So I think that was a key difference. There was a difference in trips and so on, some of the everyday items. One of the things that we're observing is as you look at advertising effectiveness when you have trips that decline, that instant consumable piece of your business also doesn't have the same effectiveness as it would before. So it's really important for us to be able to get the right merchandising to get those brands to be responsive as well. So I think all of those things are happening. I think on the good news side, for snacking in general, there's elements of that in total, which I think continues to do very well. Consumers continue to eat on the go. They're looking for different alternatives there. So we continue to be very optimistic from that standpoint. I think our view is that we just have to execute well on a by-channel basis, maybe better more so than we have -- did in the first half.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then one last one. It looks like, at least by my quick math, you need about 100 basis points of gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter to hit the down 75 basis point gross margin look for the year. Is that just a combination of a little bit of the pricing kicking in and lapping some of the higher sort of incremental costs from last year? And is that...
David W. Tacka: I think you've got it pretty well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two questions. First, just to come back to gross margins. I definitely appreciate that dairy stayed higher for longer than anticipated and that creates some challenges when volumes are weak and you're waiting -- and pricing is such a structured process. I guess what I'm wondering is, when you run into problems meeting your gross margin target due to sort of persistent higher prices in a discrete commodity, does this call into question whether you maybe should be pursuing more aggressive productivity initiatives on an ongoing basis so you have greater flexibility to work through discrete issues like this as they arise?
David W. Tacka: Well, I mean, I think that our productivity efforts -- our goal is to try to be getting as much out of them as we're able to. So to hold a little bit in reserve in case we miss the commodity guesses or the commodity forecasts probably isn't how we would really like to operate. We certainly push forward and we certainly did, in 2014, put additional focus into productivity. We've put additional focus into SG&A discipline, and we also took a closer look at our DME. So I mean, I think we did that across the P&L, but the amounts that we had were just more than we could reasonably deal with this year.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And so for 2014, just in terms of quantifiable productivity, is that going to end up being higher than what you would've sort of targeted on a long-term basis?
David W. Tacka: Well, in terms of if you look at it strictly within gross margin, it's going to be about in line with what we were looking at on a long-term basis. But it actually hurt a bit because of the volume changes, that we weren't able to get quite the level of benefit from some of the productivity things we were implementing. And then similarly, some of the shipping patterns and that around the price increase also had some adverse impacts.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the C-store trends you highlighted. I just wanted to get your thoughts on the broader consumer environment, the acceleration you saw sequentially. Would you chalk most of that up to an improvement in quality merchandising? Or is there a portion of that, that you would, based on what you observed across the channel, would consider just a macro tailwind from gas prices, something along those lines?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, to talk about gas prices, we tend not to try to allow fuel costs get into our forecast, if -- we've seen a lot of different things happen over the years. When fuel prices were really high, sometimes you saw that the consumer put half a tank of gas in and they still went inside the store, and in some instances, we benefited from that. With gas prices being lower, you could say that we benefit because people aren't spending as much at the pump and they're going inside. So we actually don't try to derive too much from the cost of fuel. We really look at what's happening from traffic. So I think you continue to have a bifurcation of the consumer. I think the people at the top, if you will, are experiencing what I would call more normal kinds of times and habits and then I think you have folks that have kind of adjusted to their circumstances. So they may not necessarily have the job they want but they have one but yet they recognize this is how things are going to be and they've adjusted for that. So you see promotion effectiveness being lower from a price standpoint because people don't necessarily always have the cash to buy forward and take advantage of that or they believe something will be on sale at some point in time. So a lot of the things you've heard discussed in the CPG space, we certainly see as well. The big thing for us is really being in front of the consumer, making sure our instant consumable piece of the business is working hard for us. Consumers have costs that they didn't have before. The good news is health care is available but yet that's a cost maybe some people didn't have before. We all saw the impact of SNAP and we've also seen fewer trips, but yet, the good news is basket size seems to be holding up, and in some cases, growing. So I think we're just going to have to continue to work our way through here. So I'm not sure we have a lot of new insights to add, but we're certainly seeing a lot of things we're hearing our peers talk about as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First off, just an observation. For a company that's growing its EPS at 8%, several hundred basis points above the group, this is one of the tougher years that I've seen from you guys, just given these fairly constant reductions in both the revenues and the gross margins outlook. I think Bryan nailed it when he asked you guys what's your confidence in 2015. And J.P., if I could just push you a little bit on this thing, do you have real fundamental confidence that the outlook has a robust nature enough such that we're not going to be going through this every quarter? There's margin problems, revenue problems, that we're not on the bleeding edge of the forecast. Can I just start there? And I mean, it's the #1 question we're getting from everybody this morning.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes -- no, David, I'm optimistic about our business model. I don't think there's anything fundamentally wrong. Obviously, we learn. We have to adapt. You can't do the same thing forever and expect to continue to win. But I think the visibility we have on our brands, the things we're working with retailers, I feel good about. Even though we've talked about the export markets, look, those are prudent business decisions. I mean, we could have pushed into some of those businesses, but you put at risk what your results will be then following from that. So I think we're being wise and prudent around some of those things we can't see around the corner well on. But the things that are within our control, I think we have good plans. I think we've got a ton of runway and our strategies were, I'll call it, doubling down on China, if you will, in terms of what we think is possible there. So I feel good about things. And I think that we want to give ourselves some space here that we don't have surprises. We've got good visibility, I think, as best we can in terms of commodities. I'm glad to see that milk prices have -- dairy has softened some here. But I don't know if that's short term, long term, but we'll sure take it while we've got it. And from a cocoa standpoint, we've had a little bit of easing there. So there's some of the things on the cost side are good. We're rigorously looking at our operations all the time in terms of where we can find productivity and yet we continue to -- we're at a historic point in time for the company where we're investing in our future. So I'm not going to be overly concerned with a quarter that we may not be hitting our long-term aspirations but, boy, I believe that we're in a very good place in terms of the company's long-term outlook and potential, and we're going to continue to execute against that.
David W. Tacka: David, what I would add is as we look at '15 versus '14 gross margin, yes, I think we had some issues in '14 and really the persistent dairy cost and not adjusting quickly enough to some of the volume changes put some costs in there that I think we've taken steps to address. So I think we're rightly positioned for 2015.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two other quick ones. On the fourth quarter revenue build, I think the implied organic number is somewhere around 4.5%, and I think it should be kind of mostly price. But first off, do I have that right? And is that an actual deceleration from where the organic growth was in the third quarter? If so, can you just talk about the kind of the pressures quarter-to-quarter? I don't mean to be too crazy about this, but Andrew, again, another good question, trying to just get an understanding on the sequential movements and if there's a softening into Q4. I think it deserves maybe just a little bit of explanation.
David W. Tacka: Yes, I mean, I think the -- excluding the Shanghai Golden Monkey, the fourth quarter growth that's implied is around the 4%. And so within that, we are expecting about 5% of price.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then comparison to 3Q, I mean, do you see it softening a little bit?
David W. Tacka: Well, I think what we've said is in the fourth quarter, given the export and some of the softness in the food channel, that, that's kind of the thing that's been taking down the -- it is the reason that we took down the full year guidance.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Final question. The inventory obsolescence charges, quite honestly, I had kind of hoped to never hear those words again on your calls. I had the visions of the 2005 and '06 periods when all those limited editions were being -- inventory obsolescence charges that seem to never end. Is this a minor issue? Is this just some planning that went on in the -- or I think you mentioned changeovers or you didn't respond quick enough. Is this inventory obsolescence issue that you called out for the quarter, is that something that spills into Q4 and Q1 of next year? Or is it pretty much wrapped up here?
David W. Tacka: There could be a little that would carry over into Q4, but it won't carry beyond that.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, it's very internal, David. It's not a marketplace issue at all.
David W. Tacka: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'll keep my questions to one question. Shanghai Golden Monkey, I believe when you closed the deal, you said it was $205 million in sales in 2013 and that appears to be the forecast for '15 as well. I think when you originally announced it, the expectation was that it would be $225 million. I'm just trying to really understand why the reduction in the size of sales and why no growth expected for 2015, unless I'm getting my math wrong. And then maybe how are you integrating the business?
David W. Tacka: Well, yes, I think there's probably 2 things as you go through that. First, as we started on this, there was -- there's some adjustments between sort of how they keep their accounting in U.S. GAAP that had a little bit of impact in terms of where the sales were. But then in addition to that, just as we're basically working to be generating the synergies and actually take over the business, there's just some changes in the business that caused us to just want to make sure we're being cautious in terms of how we're defining how we get started. Because in terms of working with the distributors and how we're working with what products will be sold in what channel, what of our stuff is going to be through Golden Monkey's channels and what of theirs through ours.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Are you rationalizing the SKU count? Are you reducing inventory...
David W. Tacka: There is some of that also.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Just made the cut here, so I'll be very brief. The first will be in a bit of a follow-up to the fourth quarter. And really, as we look through the year, you did talk about some sales pulled forward into the third quarter. Does that mean those come out of the fourth quarter, if you will? I think related to that, or in addition to that, would be what your FX assumption is for the year, if I could, please.
David W. Tacka: Well, with respect to the first, our -- the guidance, as we're talking about it, reflects the shift between the third and the fourth quarter. So that's really reflected in terms of what we're talking about going forward. And then secondly, with respect to FX, we're probably looking at about a half, 50 basis points for the full year, and it's pretty much in line with what we had forecast. We forecasted it to be heavier in the first half and lighter in the second half.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could, just one follow-up. Dave, in relation to dairy costs and I know those are high, but they were really trending higher in the fourth quarter of last year. Based on that degree of pricing you're coming through -- or expected to come through in the fourth quarter, it would seem like you could offset your cost inflation in the fourth quarter. Would that be an accurate assumption?
David W. Tacka: Yes. I mean, we're expecting to see gross margin increase in the fourth quarter versus last year.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: And then hopefully you'll be able to overcome costs, okay.
David W. Tacka: Yes, yes.
Mark K. Pogharian: All right. Thank you for joining us for today's conference call and the Investor Relations group will be available for any follow-up calls you may have.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David W. Tacka - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC Eric Larson
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phyllis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company's Second Quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Phyllis. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company's Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Dave Tacka, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2013 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2014 second quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $2 million or $0.01 per share diluted related to net acquisition and transaction cost primarily associated with Shanghai Golden Monkey, Project Next Century charges, as well as non-service-related pension income. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. Net sales sequentially improved versus the first quarter, and we continue to make progress against the initiatives that will drive improved performance over the remainder of the year. In the second half of the year, seasonal growth will be solid. New products will launch, and we'll have new initiatives that should enable us to deliver on our objectives. Driven by a late and solid Easter season, second quarter CMG category growth was 6.8%. Hershey marketplace results were also strong with Q2 retail takeaway of 7.5%, resulting in a 0.2 point market share gain, offsetting the decline we experienced in the first quarter. Our Easter sell-through was very good, and we gained 1.1 market share points in this important season. On a quarterly and year-to-date basis, chocolate is driving category growth, and as we stated earlier this year, we expect our net sales and marketplace performance to be driven by strong second half activity that we have planned. But our first half results have been below our expectations. In-store activity and trends were difficult to interpret over the first few months of the year, given abnormal shopping patterns, a late Easter and a continued challenging macro-environment, especially related to the consumer who has not participated in the economic recovery. However, we've now been able to discern that across the broader snacking continuum, especially as it relates to the instant consumable pack type, we're encountering greater levels of competitive in-store merchandising and programming. As a result over the remainder of the year, in addition to solid seasonal growth and previously mentioned new product launches, we have a few more initiatives than we initially planned. A couple examples of those include a King of Summer program, which is a major effort within the C-store channel to increase king-sized displays; a new limited-edition instant consumable product to drive excitement, variety, news and more importantly merchandising and programming; a new Brookside product launch in December, in addition to the Brookside Crunchy Clusters; and incremental shelf space gains in the C-store channel as a result of favorable shelf sets. We feel good about the plans that we have in place, our business model and the opportunities that lie ahead. We continue to believe that over the long-term, the candy and mint category grows in the 3% to 4% range. Although given year-to-date results and the aforementioned challenges, category growth will most likely be around 3% in 2014. Before we get into the details of the second quarter, I'd like to spend a moment on the pricing action announced on July 15. As you're all aware, commodity prices have been volatile. Prices for many of the primary and secondary commodities that we use in our products have increased year-over-year. Given category dynamics related to pricing, flow-through and the view of our future cost profile, a price increase was necessary to protect our margins. This action was effective immediately on July 15. However, during the 4-week period, ending August 12, existing customers can, based on their historic order patterns, order up to 8 weeks of inventory at the previous price if delivery occurs by September 7. On everyday items, consumers will start to see higher prices primarily on instant consumables and on in-aisle non-merchandise take-home items. As such, we expect initial price elasticity impact to result in lower volume over the remainder of the year, primarily in the fourth quarter and into 2015. We do not expect this action to materially impact our financial results this year. While it is a bit early to measure consumer reaction in response to pricing, we feel that our brand support, innovation, consumer spending and investment in go-to-market capabilities should enable us to deliver on our long-term target. Now for some marketplace performance. Nielsen's second quarter measures do not encompass the entire Easter season in both the year ago and current periods. Therefore, the majority of my remarks today will refer to year-to-date marketplace performance for the 24 weeks ended June 14, 2014. Year-to-date CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, category growth in the xAOC+C channels was up 2.1%. However, gum continues to be a drag on total CMG performance, and if you exclude it, the category was up 3%. Total Hershey CMG retail takeaway for the year-to-date period through June 14, 2014, in channels that account for about 90% of our U.S. retail business was up 2.2%, in line with overall category growth with market share of 31.1% flat versus the previous period. As a reminder, this represents xAOC+C store data consisting of food, drug, MassX and C-store channels plus the inclusion of Walmart and partial Dollar, Club and Military channels. Year-to-date, xAOC+C chocolate category growth was plus 3.5%, and in the range we expected given the level of activity in the category. Hershey's xAOC+C chocolate retail takeaway was 2%, resulting in a loss of 0.7 chocolate market share points. We expect our performance in the back half of the year to be better given the launch of York Minis and Brookside Crunchy Clusters. Retail takeaway for Reese's, Kit Kat and Brookside was solid, resulting in market share gains for all 3 brands. Year-to-date, non-chocolate candy or NCC, xAOC+C category growth was plus 1.6%. It has lagged chocolate category growth given the industry's focus on chocolate. In xAOC+C channels, Hershey's non-chocolate candy retail sales declined 1%, resulting in a market share loss of minus 0.4 points. However, post-Easter, our NCC trends improved, and we've outpaced the category driven by the Lancaster brand. Lancaster continues to show very positive results. Trial and repeat is in line with expectations, and it's revitalizing the caramel category. Distribution is in our targeted range, with plans in place to increase distribution in the back half of the year. While not as large as chocolate in NCC, we continue to do well within the gum and mint categories. Specifically, our year-to-date gum and mint retail takeaway was in the xAOC+C universe was up 29% and 7%, respectively. As a result, our gum market share increased 1.2 points, and we now have a 4.9% share of the market. Our mint market share increased 0.7 points, expanding our segment-leading position to 39.8%. In the C-store class-of-trade, Easter impacts are minimal. Here, for the 12 weeks ended June 14, the CMG category was up 1.9%. Excluding gum and despite trips being down again in this channel, C-store candy and mint 12-week category growth was up a combined 3.1%. Hershey's Q2 C-store performance was less than our expectations. Our total C-store retail takeaway increased 1.3% driven by our mint business with posted growth of 7.2%. However, we underperformed in chocolate, resulting in Q2 C-store CMG market share loss of 0.2 points. Overall, C-store trends were mixed. In Q1, C-store chocolate category growth was about 6% due to introductory price points of new competitive products. With the inclusion of this promotion, Q2 C-store chocolate category growth slowed to about 3%. Hershey's Q2 C-store chocolate retail takeaway was up only 1.1%. Our C-store performance was soft in the first half of the year, given that more of our innovation was in take-home versus instant consumable pack types. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing more in-store activity across the broader snack categories. Combined with lower trips and economically challenged consumers, our merchandising and programming was not as effective. From my earlier comments, we're making changes and updates to our merchandising, programming, innovation and consumer investment over the remainder of the year and into 2015 to improve our performance. I'd also like to provide you with an update on our grocery segment, whose marketplace performance is excluded from the CMG Nielsen database. The Hershey spreads launch has gotten off to a good start. We're on track with our plans related to the jar and the instant consumable pack types. Given the mid-May launch of the IC items and repeat jar purchases, the contribution of Hershey spreads net sales will be greater in the second half of the year versus the first half. Our ACV target for the spreads jar was reached in the Q2, and instant consumable ACV is off to a good start and will build over the remainder of the year. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, we'll launch Reese's spreads, a peanut butter chocolate spread, and my personal favorite, which has tested very positively. Additionally, we partnered with Pizza Hut on desserts portfolio, featuring Hershey's chocolate chips. We believe this will have a halo effect on our baking chips business just in time for the upcoming holiday baking season. Moving now to international. Net sales were in line with the outlook we provided last quarter. We anticipated a profile similar to last year despite slightly greater foreign currency headwinds. International net sales were in line with expectations, up 7%. China continues to do very well. Our sales increased double digits, and Hershey continues to be one of the fastest growing international chocolate companies in China. For the 3 months ended June 14, chocolate category growth was around 7.7%, less than last quarter and typical of the trend post the Chinese new year. But our chocolate retail takeaway of about 30% was almost 4x the category growth rate, and we're poised to have another solid year. We're on track to achieve distribution gains in the second half of the year, and begin a phased launch of Reese's in the fourth quarter. In Mexico, and overall economic environment remains sluggish. As expected, our business sequentially improved in the first quarter, with net sales flat on a local currency basis versus last year. Modern trade chocolate category growth resumed in Q2 and was up about 4%. Hershey retail takeaway of 11% resulted in a market share gain of 0.8 points. Given the economic challenge it's facing, traditional trade consumers in Q2, our non-chocolate business underperformed the category. We expect a tough operating environment in Mexico over the remainder of the year with a sales profile similar to the second quarter. After being down in the first quarter, Brazil Q2 net results increased double digits versus last year, reflecting April shipments related to a late Easter. Importantly, chocolate category growth resumed in the second quarter, albeit helped by a late Easter. On a year-to-date basis, the Brazil chocolate category is up about 2.3% while Hershey has increased about 2.9%. We now have a 4.8% share in this important market. Given the challenging macroeconomic environment, we would expect category and Hershey growth to be slightly below last year. We're focused on the long-term and not concerned about the impact the foreign currency exchange rates or near-term challenges facing consumers. We remain very optimistic about our businesses in these key international markets, and expect international net sales growth of around 15% in 2014. Dave will provide you with additional financial details of our Q2 results and our full year outlook, so let me now provide you with some closing thoughts. Over the remainder of the year, we'll have greater levels of merchandising, programming and innovation in the marketplace. Advertising GRPs or impressions will be up mid-single digits on a percentage basis for the full year versus 2013. Advertising GRPs are able to increase greater than advertising dollars this year due to a new global media planning and buying process that is leveraging our scale. Halloween orders are on track, and we have the right mix of seasonal specific advertising, coupons and programming support that sets the stage for another winning season. So we have a lot of activity over the remainder of the year that should help us drive sales growth. Additionally, we continue to feel good about the outlook for candy and mint category growth. Overall, the category continues to perform well with year-to-date gains within the category's historical growth rate. Investments in the category in the form of advertising and innovation are present for most major manufacturers. Given high household penetration and the impulsive nature of the category, as well as affordable price points, we believe retailers and consumers will continue to value the confectionery category. As a result, we would expect the category to continue to consistently secure key merchandising and programming space even as price points may rise. Thank you for your time, and let me now turn it over to Dave.
David W. Tacka: Thank you, J.P., and good morning to everyone on the phone and on the webcast. Second quarter net sales of $1.58 billion increased 4.6% versus last year, generating adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.76, an increase of 5.6% from last year. We expected second quarter sales to improve sequentially versus the first quarter, and they did. However, sales growth was below our expectations, given the U.S. mix headwinds and the increased levels of in-store activity across the broader snack continuum that J.P. discussed. Organic net sales growth of 5.3% was driven by volume. As expected, new product launches are on track from net sales and a marketplace perspective, and we're about 60% of our total volume growth. Core-branded contribution was about 40%. The unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates was 0.7 points, and in line with our expectations. North America's sales increased 4.5% with balanced growth in the U.S. and Canada. International net sales increased 7%, relatively in line with our expectations. Turning to margins. Adjusted gross margin declined by 230 basis points in the quarter as higher input costs, primarily commodities and unfavorable sales mix, more than offset supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives. Dairy costs in the quarter were higher than our expectations. As many of you know, there's not a developed futures market for dairy, which significantly limits opportunities to hedge our requirements. While spot prices have declined slightly from year-to-date high, U.S. market costs remained at elevated levels. As a result of the higher prices, we have increased our dairy cost forecast for the remainder of the year. This increase, as well as higher trade spending, primarily for greater merchandising activities, will adversely impact gross margin, particularly in the third quarter. Adjusted earnings, before interest and taxes in the second quarter, increased 1.6% versus last year, generating EBIT margin of 17.7%, a 60-basis-point decline versus last year. The decrease was due to the lower gross margin, partially offset by slightly lower selling, marketing and administrative expenses. During the quarter, advertising and related consumer marketing expense declined about 5% versus the prior period. GRPs increased in the quarter as we continued to fully execute our on-air advertising programs for our major brands and new products. The reduced expense was primarily the result of decisions to delay new production costs, and shift some funding to coupons and trade merchandising to better reflect today's consumer environment. Selling, marketing and administrative expenses, excluding advertising and related consumer marketing, was about the same level as the prior year, as higher selling and employee-related costs were offset by a $5.6 million foreign currency exchange gain related to the manufacturing facility under construction in Johor, Malaysia. Now let me provide a brief update on our international business. Similar to last year, we believe 2014 international sales growth will be back-half weighted given the timing of distribution gains, new product launches and seasonal growth. Second quarter international net sales increased by 7%. On a constant currency basis, they were up 10.4%. In our focused markets, China net sales increased low double digits, and we continue to grow market share. We are on track to achieve further distribution gains in the second half of the year, including the phased launch of Reese's in the fourth quarter. In Mexico, second quarter net sales declined about 5% versus last year due to foreign currency headwinds. On a constant currency basis, sales were about flat, an improvement versus the first quarter. We expect the operating environment in Mexico to remain sluggish over the remainder of the year, resulting in a sales profile similar to the second quarter. In Brazil, second quarter sales increased double digits due to the timing of Easter shipments that occurred in April. Over the remainder of the year, we expect the chocolate category in Brazil to be pressured by a soft economy and volume elasticity related to pricing. Therefore, we expect total international net sales growth for the year of around 15%. Note that this excludes the Shanghai Golden Monkey business, which we estimate will close before the end of the year. Moving down the P&L. Second quarter interest expense of $21 million was about the same as last year. For the full year, we expect interest expense to be around $85 million. The adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 34.3%, in line with our estimate. For the full year, we continue to expect the adjusted tax rate to be around 34.5%. For the second quarter of 2014, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 225 million shares, leading to an adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.76, an increase of 5.6% versus year ago. Now let me provide a quick recap of year-to-date adjusted results. Net sales increased 3.4% in the first half. Adjusted EBIT increased 2.8%, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin of 20.2%. Year-to-date gross -- adjusted gross margin was 46.0% versus 47.1% last year or 110 basis points lower due to higher commodity costs. Adjusted earnings per share diluted in the first half increased 5% to $1.90 per share. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the second quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year's second quarter by $82 million. Accounts receivable was higher by $57 million, primarily because of sales timing and remains extremely current. Inventory was higher by $76 million and accounts payable increased by $52 million. Capital additions, including software, were $70 million in the second quarter. For the year, we now expect total capital expenditures to be about $380 million to $390 million, including the capital related to the Johor, Malaysia, project. This is an increase from previous guidance, primarily as a result of including capital in the China manufacturing JV that we've now taken control of. Depreciation and amortization was $51 million in the second quarter, in line with our estimates. During the second quarter, the company repurchased the $125 million of outstanding shares, completing the $250 million repurchase authorization that was approved in April 2011. Additionally, we repurchased $40 million of our common shares to replace shares issued in connection with exercises of stock options. All $165 million of the acquired shares were repurchased in the open market. The company continues to generate substantial free cash flow and has a strong balance sheet. As was mentioned in this morning's press release, we have increased our quarterly dividend by 10% so that we remain in line with our targeted 50% payout ratio. This action reflects our confidence in the long-term growth potential of our business. Additionally, we have authorization to make additional repurchases of up to $250 million based upon cash availability within our cash use priorities. Cash at end of the second quarter of $563 million was relatively in line with the year ago period. The company is well-positioned to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements and the Golden Monkey acquisition. Let me close by providing some context on our 2014 outlook. As J.P. outlined, we have initiatives in place that we believe will drive net sales growth across our businesses over the remainder of the year. We believe these actions will result in 2014 net sales growth around the low end of our 5% to 7% long-term target, including the impact of the price increase and foreign currency exchange rates. Due primarily to higher dairy costs, greater merchandising and unfavorable mix, we now expect gross margin to be slightly down versus 2013. Based on the timing of new product launches in both North America and international markets, advertising and related consumer marketing expense in the second half of the year is expected to be up mid-single digits on a percentage basis versus last year, with the biggest increase expected in the third quarter. This will result in full year expense being up low-single digits. As J.P. mentioned, the increase in GRPs will be greater than dollars this year. We continue to expect SM&A expense, excluding advertising, to increase this year at a rate less than sales, as we leverage the investments we've made over the last few years. As a result, we expect full year adjusted earnings per share diluted to be around the low end of our long-term growth rate of 9% to 11%. We continue to expect that the fourth quarter will drive second half and full year EPS growth as we begin to lap the higher commodities and SM&A cost levels. Additionally, note that this outlook excludes operating results related to Shanghai Golden Monkey, which we now expect will close by year end. We continue to expect Golden Monkey results, excluding acquisition and transaction costs to be accretive in our first year of ownership. The impact in 2014 is now expected to be minimal, given the later-than-expected closing date. Thank you for your time this morning. J.P., Mark and I will now take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I just have a couple -- a couple of questions, if I could, please. The first would be, I guess, maybe to Dave, in terms of the gross margin being down slightly for the year, is it the pricing you're relying on in terms of the improvement sequentially in gross margin? I know you lapped some of the input cost inflation, started late last year. And then I guess rated to that, is the -- in terms of the cost savings coming through in terms of Project Next Century and that kind of thing, do those pick up in the second half of the year?
David W. Tacka: So the Project Next Century savings are pretty well completed. We've completed that project, and the savings were pretty much all flowing through. In the back half of the year, the gross margin is impacted by the higher commodity costs versus last year, but with respect to the fourth quarter, we really just begin to lap where we started having the higher cost last year.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could ask another question for J.P. And just in relation to, I guess, as you see your investments behind the business from an advertising and promotional standpoint, advertising is up less than you said as of last quarter, but it sounds like you're getting more promotional as well. So as you look at kind of the pressure against the consumer, is that the same as what you thought before, or just more money moving into promotional spending?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think there's a combination of things, and let me point a couple of things out about the cost. There's the GRP efficiency, which we've gained, which is a piece of it because of a change we made there in the process. And then one of the things that you don't see is the nonworking piece or the production cost piece, which is a meaningful number for us this year as well. So in terms of absolute GRPs, I think that we're good there as we look at our current plan. I think the way to think about the merchandising is, is as we look at the total snacking continuum, we've seen a significant increase in overall quality merchandising, especially in some specific channels like C-store. It's not that merchandising is necessarily at a deep discount versus where you might think it has been historically. It's really more of a competitive environment and the range of choice that the consumer has. So some of that snacking is being where -- I think, if you look over the last couple of years, a lot of that growth has been led by CMG. I think what you're seeing in the current environment is that there's more on the floor, and it's more competitive across total snacking. So the choice the consumer has is broader versus absolute price being a driver.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So any limitation to Hershey getting their fair share of space or more space, especially in the C-store? Is that the intention of these new programs?
John P. Bilbrey: No, I don't -- no, I don't think so. I mean, as you know, we've got great coverage in C-store. For us, I think it was really about programming and what we saw with competitive programming, particularly in the first quarter and in continuing into the second quarter. I know there's some of the things that I talked about that we're going to be responding to, and then, of course, our innovation is much more significant in the second half. So we feel good about our stance, but it's a competitive environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Actually, just to follow-up on Chris's question. If you look at the, I guess, the non-seasonal business and the instant consumable business, the non -- the snacking, the broader snacking competitors have -- there's been a lot of product -- new product innovation. Doritos has definitely -- or Frito has definitely stepped up its activity on new products. You've seen it in Nabisco. So I guess, my question is just how do you feel about your innovation pipeline, not so much for this year, but even kind of into '15? If we assume that there's going to be a lot more of this sort of stepped-up product innovation in that snacking continuum, do you feel comfortable that you've got the new product pipeline to compete and what is -- could be a more competitive landscape?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Let me answer it in 2 different pieces. First of all, on the innovation front for our brands, we've got what we believe is a very strong innovation pipeline in the second half. We've talked about some of that, and then, of course, we've added some incremental things. So we think we're going to be competitive there. If you really dig into the data of what's going on, part of what we've seen, which is different than what we've seen in the past is that our everyday business didn't do as well as we would have hoped it would have in this particular timeframe. I think the forces and factors are some of the things that we talked about. The independent C-store in CMG did not do as well, and I think you have a consumer who's more challenged than in maybe the more modern C-store channel, where gas is a part of the overall mix. And then one of the unique things, as we look at our data, is remember, last year, Hostess, Twinkie, some of the bakery segment was not participating in the category. This year, they are. And while they haven't participated at a significant price discount, the percent of merchandising over the quarter that they had their products merchandised was very high. So you saw meat snacks did very well. Salty snacks did well. Bakery did well, and so the growth was really led there across the snacking continuum more so than it was with CMG, and those are some things that we have to respond to as we go forward.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So as you go forward into '15, will you change anything about your -- the types of new products you want to roll out or make some of the -- some adjustments to your pipeline? I mean, it's -- I guess to kind of put it succinctly, it's just you had a new product innovation pipeline, and I guess some of it's going to be back-half-loaded, but it may not be matching up as well against some of the other sort of non-chocolate and non-candy competitors. So is there something you have to do to tweak your innovation or...
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think -- yes, I think you can say that, in the first quarter, as we kind of go back and keep score there. But as we look at our overall growth algorithm of getting a minimum of 1 point of our growth from innovation, and as you know, we've been more in the 2-point range, what we'll do is we feel very good about our pipeline. We'll be pulling some things forward in that pipeline, as it relates to the U.S. business so we don't feel as though we don't have initiatives that can bring a lot of value to us, and then that pipeline will also have a focus on the core. And if you look -- again, just recall from my remarks, if you look at the first and second quarter, we did well on Kit Kat. We did well on Reese's. We did well on Brookside, and so we just need to make sure that we've got the right timing and phasing of that innovation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a question on the balance sheet and M&A. You were mentioned in press reports as a potential suitor for Russell Stover, which obviously ended up going elsewhere, I was just wondering if there was anything you could say anecdotally about how you evaluated that opportunity and why, given the strength of your balance sheet, you didn't pursue it more aggressively? And then just on a broader level, can you remind us whether you have any specific valuation or return on capital criteria that come into play with when you're evaluating acquisitions? Or is it really only about strategic fit and accretion over sort of a 1- to 2-year period?
David W. Tacka: Well, I mean, I think in terms of how we look at the business, so I think the #1 thing we will look at is our strategic fit. And so, again, when we look at acquisitions, we're trying to find things that will be both in our focus markets, and that will add to our ability to grow or ability -- or our capabilities. Those capabilities could be portfolio. They could be distribution or route to market. Those are really our key factors. Economically, we use a discounted cash flow model and clearly look at the return, and we use that to make sure we're disciplined in terms of the pricing. With respect to the Russell Stover, I really don't care to comment any further on that one.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, understood. I mean, just a quick sort of broader question on category trends. Obviously, there's a number competitive and macro factors, and you've highlighted those. But just wondering based on your segmentation work and your observations on the category, is there any evidence that broader health and wellness trends concerns are having, at this point, a measurable impact on the category even though that historically hasn't been the case?
John P. Bilbrey: We don't think so. I think that there's broadly consumers you can see over time have changing a relationships with food. If you look at total snacking, snacking continues to grow as a total category. And then one of the things that we've talked about is if you look at the core confectionary category, people come to the category as a reward-me category. They know it's indulgent. It's not a food group. They tend to -- it tends to represent about 2% of total caloric intake. So it's self-regulating in many respects. So as we think about the future, we're thinking about the total snacking continuum. That can be everything from indulgent to more functional, but remember, the chocolate segment in the category really continues to do well. It's just simply in the last quarter that wasn't led as largely by us as it has been in the previous time frames.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Quick question on elasticity. I guess, I'm curious what you are sort of modeling for elasticity to the price increase. And I guess, more importantly, if it's different from kind of what you built in the last time around when I think elasticity was -- frankly, it ended up being a lot more modest than you expected, and certainly less than kind of a one-to-one relationship. And then as part of that, J.P., you'd mentioned in your prepared remarks that given the price increase, you'd expect volume to be lower in the second half of the year. I didn't know if that meant lower year-over-year or just lower than you previously would have been, had you not taken pricing?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. So to answer the second part, it's really versus a planning stance without pricing, is what I would say there. Andrew, we always model a one-to-one ratio on all of our pricing. You're correct in that, the last couple of pricing moves we've seen with a significant increase in advertising spend in the category, which reminded consumers why they participated in the category, we experienced something more like 0.6, 0.7 conversion rate. And so the things that we're talking about would have the modeling of one-to-one. Obviously, I'd like to see us do better than that, and we'll keep you posted on what that looks like. So we would hope to see conversion with shorter timelines and faster conversion rates, but the modeling is one-to-one.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, that's very helpful. And then just the last one, typically, you've taken pricing with an intention to protect your gross margin percentage as opposed to just gross margin dollars. I assume that's sort of the intent as you think out to '15 and beyond, but I just wanted to run that by you.
David W. Tacka: You have it correct. Our model is to protect our margin and invest in our brands.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess first is a more detailed question. In the press release, you said that the FX was -- headwind was greater than you expected? And Dave, you said it was in line? So we want to clarify which is correct?
David W. Tacka: Sure. I think where we wind up there is that, as it affects the international business, that was a bit greater than what we expected. And as it related to North America, Canada was a little bit more favorable than we expected.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you mean Canada was more favorable?
David W. Tacka: Canada was a little bit more favorable. International was a little bit more unfavorable. So on balance, we were pretty close to what we expected.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess this is kind of like what did you know and when did you know it? But when you last gave guidance, you had -- you expected sales to still be in line with your target, and gross margins you had moderated, but you still expected them to be, I guess, kind of flattish. And now in your guidance, you've included the price increase. So obviously, the price increase could be material to top line, as well as your gross margin calculation. So kind of what -- I guess, what -- were you anticipating a price increase, but didn't tell us last quarter when you gave guidance versus today?
David W. Tacka: No. I mean, our guidance as of the last quarter was basically what we expected at that time, and not anticipating the price increase. As we've said, we really don't expect the price increase to have a significant impact in 2014. I mean, in the fourth quarter, we'll see some instant consumable pricing, and some of that will be offset by volume, but again, given the elasticities, we don't see much impact. The change in the gross margin versus the last guidance is really about the continued high pricing in dairy costs and also the mix that we saw in the second quarter.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, I'll pass it on. Can you remind me, is gross margin a part of your compensation package because, obviously, that piece is coming in well below your expectation this year? And so my question is really geared towards your comp accrual and would have kind of a setback to normal in 2015, be a headwind we should kind of consider? I mean, I realize the year's only half over, but gross margins are obviously below plan.
David W. Tacka: I guess kind of 2 points. With respect to your first one, and we do disclose our metrics in the proxy. Gross margin, actually, gross margin level is not a part of our comp program, but it's a key part of how we get to our earnings, and so that's how I would address that. The second part of your question, as you're looking at 2015, we're not really ready to give 2015 guidance. But what I would say to you is that as we've taken the price increase, we've looked at our gross margin as part of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to know if Mars' price increase that they just announced, it's 7%. Yours was 8%. Is there any -- have you done any math to determine whether their pricing will be a little bit below yours when it's all said and done? And then secondly, I wanted to know if I could kind of think again about the international growth algorithm. You're probably still mid-teens this year, but if Brazil is -- the category seems to be growing at a very low rate. Mexico has stagnated. China is doing, obviously, very well, but that -- China seems to be the only real driver of growth. So excluding the acquisition for a second, what are your thinking -- what is your thinking about 2015? Does the macro have to get better in Mexico and Brazil for that algorithm to work?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think there's one component that you didn't talk about, and we have a meaningful export business as a part of that international business. So it's not all about just the focus markets, but we also have a very good structured export business that continues to do very well, and that's also a really profitable business. I think it's important to keep in perspective in Brazil that it's a relative -- we have a relatively modest size business there, and we continue to build distribution and presence on shelves. So a lot of our potential there is really around increasing the portfolio size, and it's really increasing brand presence. So those are fundamentals that we believe that as we continue to execute against that, we'll continue to grow there. So I think while a lot of those macro things are important, we also have another lever that works well for us. In terms of the Mexican business, we've continued to grow our chocolate share there. There's some macro-economic issues that seem to be impacting the consumer there. So I can't really predict, going forward, what I see there in terms of pace of recovery in terms of the total market. But I think those markets will get better versus worse, and then I think we will continue to do well in China, and as well as these other markets. Just remember, within our strategies, as we talk about being focused on specific geographies, it's also about expanding the portfolio. In a lot of these markets, we have a very modest portfolio still at this point in time. So again, I think the fundamentals of how we grow are very much in our favor, and I think that's why more broadly we could feel optimistic about the continued growth process in international businesses.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And the Mars question?
John P. Bilbrey: You've seen what I've seen in the general marketplace. So I can't really comment or provide any analysis on what they may or may not have done, but I'm sure that will reveal itself as time passes.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a follow-up. Can you say how much your exports are up this year, and whether that's higher or lower than historical?
John P. Bilbrey: What I can do is I don't have the number right in front of me. But if you want to call Mark, we're more than happy to provide you specifically that information. I just don't have the number at the -- on the top of my mind. I apologize for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: As we think about your price increase and the window you've given customers to perhaps buy in a little more than they usually would over the next few weeks, how should we think about the cadence of your shipments the next 2 quarters? I assume it's reasonable to model some 3Q sell and a reversal in 4Q. Is that accurate? And can you help us on the magnitude of that perhaps?
David W. Tacka: Well, I think given the timing of the price increase and how it executes, I wouldn't expect to see a big swing between the third and fourth quarter because the buy-in period here would run into August and would ship pretty well clean out in September.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then question for J.P. on advertising. You and your predecessor, Dave West, had a really strong commitment to advertising. For a long time, it's worked, and I guess that's what make this year's lower ad spending as a percent of sales, in terms of growth, a bit confusing. And I guess my question is this, if you believe strongly in brand building, and it's been effective in the past, why not just say, "Okay, this won't be the best year in our history. Maybe we grow earnings below our long-term range. A lot of companies are experiencing that. But we're not going to back off our principles of innovation and marketing just to, perhaps, at least from the outside, it looks like making our numbers." So why not take that hit this year, keep brand-building high, especially in this competitive environment and really stick to your long-term philosophy?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I do believe we're sticking to our long-term philosophy. I think part of what is going to happening is, is you're going to continue to see the balance over the first and second half as we support innovation. We've also gotten a number of our brands more towards the top of the curve of our advertising efficiency. So it doesn't require necessarily the same levels of increase. It's really much more around the mix of where you apply some of that advertising. So if you were to really look at where we've rebalanced some of that advertising, you would see some brand, individual brands, that have gotten some pretty significant increases in advertising. Maybe some others that have been deemphasized, the frequency has changed, but I don't think our philosophy has changed, and we'll continue to reassess over time if we believe we're doing the right thing or not. And the fact that we want to be a knowledge-based brand building company is at the core of everything we think about and how we want to act. So I may come to a different conclusion in the way that you're describing it, but the philosophy hasn't changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: J.P., just wanted to ask a little bit about the second half sales growth. You made some comments here, but I want to go over this because I think this is a fairly critical issue. Second half sales growth must accelerate to reach the full year growth of about 5%. Given first half performance at 3.4%, really, I want to just understand what gives you confidence in this acceleration? And frankly, is this just a high bar kind of given after first quarter in a reduction in guidance here. I think you might understand that confidence on the outside is going to be a little bit low so your answer here, I think, is reasonably critical.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Well, so there's a couple of things. Remember that in the second half of the year, 68% of our seasonal growth occurs then. We have visibility to what those numbers are, and that seasonal growth is ahead of what the average company growth would be. So we know that we have very strong seasonal business booked for the second half of the year. We believe that the innovation that we have is both meaningful, and should be effective for us. So those are big contributors as well. And we continue to have, we think, in our international business, where we're rolling out Reese's, that that's going to continue to work hard for us. And then the incremental advertising that we've added with the king-size event I mentioned earlier, we have a great cross promotion program with Coke and Reese's, and a couple of things that we haven't talked about yet. So I think, David, we're really lining up to take the things we learned in the first half. The take to make is over 6%, and we know that, but we feel good about the actions that we're taking in terms of the competitiveness and understanding of some of the things that went on in the first and second quarter. So I have confidence that we're going to get there.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two follow ups. On international, I believe, last quarter, your guidance for international on a full year basis was 15%, and you've reiterated that today. But apologies, but it sounded like in your description of international, things were weaker. So I'm just trying to reconcile kind of the tone of your international comments in Mexico and Brazil versus the fact that the international guidance is unchanged.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think -- Dave and I can both respond to this. I think what we're saying about Mexico and Brazil is pretty consistent with what we've said last quarter, and we continue to experience good growth in China. And then the exports piece of our business, as I mentioned to you, continues to do well also. So to reiterate, I don't think there's change there. Certainly, I was very transparent in terms of some of the challenges in terms of FX, and then the consumer challenges in Mexico. But from a programming standpoint and a takeaway standpoint, I think the results are pretty good.
David W. Tacka: Yes. I mean, in the first quarter, I mean, I think we laid out the challenge in Mexico and also the challenge in Brazil, and we said we would see some sequential improvement as we go through the year, and we definitely saw that in the second quarter. So our results there were pretty much in line with what we we're expecting.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I could sneak just a final one in, the innovation on Ice Breakers and Brookside, am I correct that you have shifted this from the third quarter into the fourth quarter? And if that's true, can you explain why you did that?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, the only thing that has had a shift on timing is Cool Blast. It really had a couple of factors. We continue to be finalizing, perfecting the start-up and formula, and then the other part of it is the capacity issue, where we just want to make sure we had the right capacity in place. It's not going to affect anything else, and we feel good about going ahead there. But those are some normal kinds of start-up things, nothing remarkable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I've got 2 here. I'll just rattle them off at the same time. First, if there's some concern in immediate consumption channels that consumers are swamping into other categories where promotional activity is elevated, as you raised prices, how do you make sure that, that shift doesn't accelerate? And then the second question, lower advertising, more trade promo, bringing back limited editions, just feels very déjà vu mid-2000s, which obviously didn't end very well. So can you maybe draw some parallels or contrast of why -- what's similar, what's different and why this doesn't end as poorly as that one did?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Well, let me -- let's try to do everything we can to not compare the fact that we're doing a limited edition to the fact that we did a lot of limited editions back in 2005. So in 2005, as we've discussed quite openly many times, those limited-editions really became our innovation, and that's really not what we do at this point in this era. And so -- but if you have a limited edition, and it's limited, the news is not a bad thing. It's a merchandising event. So that's how, I think, you ought to probably think about characterizing that. We know that the category has been pretty inelastic over time. We've been able to successfully convert price. The consumers' been able to convert it again. I think what we have to observe over time is what's happening with the frequency in some of those areas or channels, where the consumer may not be participating in the recovery as those at the top end of the economic pyramid. So I think that it will be as we've done in the past. We expect conversion to be good, and the phenomena that I talked about in the independent C-store probably is not going to be that connected to what's happening in terms of the price, and the pricing most likely would affect the entire category and not individual brands. So I don't think to the consumer it's going to look that different.
David W. Tacka: What I would add is in the things that we've gone through and we've talked about in responding to the situation from the first part of the year is that there's activities that we're putting right around our base products. And so that -- the limited editions have a very limited focused role, and that's just to obtaining some level of merchandising and news. And as J.P. said, the big difference is that we really are focused. The innovation now is really focused on more meaningful and sustainable activities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: I wanted to dig in, get another go with this price increase margin elasticity question going into next year. When you took your price increase in 2011, I mean, as bad as things are today, I mean, the unemployment rate was higher then. It was just wasn't a great macro environment in general in 2011. If I remember correctly, gas prices were going up at that time. So I guess -- you've talked a lot about the macro environment, but I guess, what gives you -- what makes you think that the elasticity reaction consumers will have in this really tough macro-environment would be any different than what they had back in 2011, particularly given that your -- it seems your leading competitor is sort of following suit here?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I don't think that it will have big differences than what we've seen. As I've said before, the planning that we've always done around these is the one-to-one ratio. I think your point is a good one in terms of how we should expect the category to behave this time versus other times. And the history of the category over many, many decades is it is a pretty inelastic category, and it cycles pricing really effectively, and that's exactly what I would hope this time. I don't want to -- the thing that I want you to take away from this call is, is that we think about their business. There have been a number of different things over the last 6 to 9 months, whether it's been trips, weather, all of these other things. Largely, we don't know if those are one-offs. If there's some weather effect, they were real. But what we know is that we have fundamental execution opportunities, planning opportunities around how we schedule the promotion and merchandising activities we have, and so we really want to kind of put a number of these things aside. We do know in certain parts of classes of trade, there's a consumer that continues to be challenged. But we're also seeing in the snacking categories some items with some pretty significant pricing. They've been doing very, very well. So I think in the end, while there may be some people, unfortunately, who are really impacted, I think the real drivers will be around the things we know how to do best, and that's execution.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Eric Larson with Janney Montgomery.
Eric Larson: One quick follow-up question. In your price increase that you have, going forward here, and in your allowed buy-in to your customers, are you protecting the margins on your fourth quarter seasonal sales for your customers?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, so the answer would be yes. And if you just think about how it works, so the instant consumables tend -- those prices tend to go up almost immediately on the shelf. Merchandising that's been schedule tends to also -- you'd agree, tends to be protected, and then the seasons are protected all the way out to what will be Halloween of next year. So the answer to your question is yes.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you very much for joining us for today's conference call, and we'll be available for any follow-up questions that you may have.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - Director, IR John Bilbrey - President and CEO David Tacka - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank  Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital David Driscoll - Citigroup Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Crystal, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hershey Company's First Quarter 2014 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Mark Pogharian, please go ahead.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company's first quarter 2014 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Dave Tacka, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I, will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome all of you listening via the web cast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2012 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted or pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2014 first quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $13.4 million or $0.04 per share diluted, related to the net acquisition and transaction costs, primarily associated with Shanghai Golden Monkey, project Next Century, and non-service-related pension income. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. And with that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John Bilbrey: Thanks Mark. Good morning to everyone on the phone and web cast. During the first quarter, we made solid progress against the initiatives we discussed earlier this year that gives us confidence Hershey will deliver on its 2014 expectation. As we stated back in January and at CAGNY, we expected the first quarter to be pressured by year ago comp, and the timing of our 2014 innovation. However, Q1 topline results were a bit softer than we anticipated due to some unexpected anomalies related to U.S. consumer trip within the various classes of trade, and weakness in our Latin America business. Despite Q1 store traffic issues, U.S. net sales increased 3.4% less than our expectations. Specifically in channels such as convenience stores and dollar stores, we are profitable and also instant consumable pack types drive sales, consumer trips declined more than we anticipated. In the traditional food and mass channels, consumer trips were relatively in line with our expectation. However, the basket included a greater focus on staples. Importantly, as we got closer to the end of March and into April, it appears the consumer shopping behavior was returning to normal. While preliminary April Nielsen data for the four week ended April 19th, indicate a strong sell-through for the Easter season, and a sequential improvement in non-seasonal trend. Additionally, net sales declines in Latin America were impacted by the timing of Easter, macroeconomic challenges and new tax legislation in Mexico on certain food products, and volume elasticity in Brazil due to a price increase. Overall, total company Q1 net sales increased 2.4%, driven primarily by volume. Unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates was a 0.8 point headwind. Organic net sales growth of 3.2% generated earnings growth that was slightly greater than we anticipated, due to the timing of SM&A expenses. Dave will provide you with additional financial detail, so let me provide you with an overview of the [indiscernible]. Before we get into the specifics, the U.S. retail takeaway, recall, that in 2014, Easter occurred on April 21, and in 2013 on March 31. Therefore, the timing of Easter has and will impact Nielsen and IRI data related to the March, April and May quiet period. Including Easter seasonal activity in the year ago and current period, the candy mint and gum, or CMG category declined 2.7% for the 12 weeks ended March 22, 2014, within the xAOC+C channel. As a reminder, this is xAOC+C-store data consisting of food, drug, MassX and C-store channels, plus the inclusion of Walmart, partial dollar, club and military channels. Gum continues to be a drag on total CMG performance and excluding it, the chocolate, sweet and the refreshment categories 2.2%. Excluding Easter, seasonal activity in the current and year ago period combined category growth of chocolate, sweet and refreshment, was plus 2.4%. Given the investment we continue to see in the category, in the form of innovation and consumer marketing, including the new product news and related activity we have planned over the remainder of the year, we continue to expect a candy of mixed category to increase 3.5% to 4.5% in 2014. We are particularly excited about our innovation that ramps up in May, with the launch of YORK Minis and Hershey's Spreads as the consumable items in the third quarter launches of ICE BREAKERS Cool Blast's Chews and Brookside Crunchy Clusters. Given the timing of Easter and our innovation calendar, Hershey's CMG retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending March 22 declined 3%. Excluding Easter seasonal activity at both the current and year ago period of better, yet still in perfect measure, our retail takeaway was up 1.4%. Despite the Easter comp, this was less than our expectation and reflects the impact of the lower trip that I referred to earlier. A better way to assess performance given seasonal timing and therefore noise in the datas [ph] by looking at absolute market results. Hershey's first quarter market share within the U.S. non-chocolate candy, mint and gum categories increased. However, this was offset by a decline in chocolate market share, given the timing of new product launches, and related advertising and consumer marketing. As a result, Hershey's U.S. CMG market share, including Easter seasonal activity in the year ago and current period declined 0.1 point. While results are preliminary, we had a solid Easter and will gain share in this important season. First quarter xAOC+C chocolate category growth, excluding Easter in the current a year ago period, was 3.6%. Hershey's xAOC+C chocolate retail takeaway excluding Easter was up 1.2% and resulting in a loss of 1.1 market share points. Looking at absolute market share results, KIT KAT and Brookside Chocolate market share was up in the quarter, however this was offset by Hershey franchise softness and Cadbury, which lost 0.5 chocolate share points. Cadbury is primarily sold during the Easter timeframe, so we would fully expect a reversal of the share loss over the next two quiet periods. Switching to non-chocolate candy or NCC in the xAOC+C channels, the NCC category, including and excluding Easter in the current and year ago periods, declined 5.2% and 0.2% respectively. Hershey's xAOC+C store NCC business, including and excluding Easter in the current year-ago periods declined 4.9% and 2.7%. As a result, our NCC market share was slightly up, as Lancaster gains offset declines in JOLLY RANCHER TWIZZLER bites. Lancaster is off to a good start and distribution is tracking to expectations. Advertising started on February 16, and is driving trial and repeat. While early, Lancaster results are similar to where Brookside was at this stage of the launch. While not as large as chocolate and NCC, we continue to do well within the gum and mint categories. Specifically, our Q1 gum and mint retail takeaway within the xAOC+C universe was up 29% and 6% respectively. As a result, our gum market share increased to 1.3 points, and we now have a modest 4.8% share of the market. Our mint market share increased 0.7 points, expanding our segment leading position to 39.8%. In the C-store class of trade, where the Easter impacts are minimal, the CMG category was up 3%. However, this was significantly impacted by the mid single digit percentage of decline in the gum category. Excluding gum and despite trips being down in this channel in Q1, C-store candy and mint category growth was up a combined 5%, driven by news and activity by major manufacturers. Hershey instant consumable innovation and programming accelerates over the remainder of the year, and we would expect our C-store performance to materially exceed our Q1 retail takeaway of 1.5%, that resulted in a market share decline of 0.5 points. In the U.S. marketplace, in addition to the many exciting new products I had previously mentioned, we had many exciting promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels. These include a Reese's NCAA Gameday football program; new and highly effective Hershey S'mores! advertising; a relaunch of Hershey's Miniatures, with improved taste and new packaging, supported with refreshed advertising; and a sweet summer showdown program, featuring TWIZZLERS and JOLLY RANCHERS. The Hershey Spreads launch has gotten off to a good start. Retailer response has been extremely positive, driving spreads category growth of around 10%. Category growth has been driven by the chocolate spread sub-segment, which is up about 40%. Most major retailers have accepted all three flavors of Hershey Spreads. Advertising and couponing started in February, and is driving initial trial and brand awareness which were leveraged when we launched the Hershey Spreads instant consumable product in May. Outside of the U.S. and Canada, international results were mixed. China continues to be a standout. Net sales increased in the mid-teens on a percentage basis versus last year and exceeded plan. In China, Hershey continues to be one of the fastest growing international chocolate companies. For the three months ended February, chocolate category growth accelerated, driven by gifting and timing of the holiday and Chinese New Year season. As a result, our chocolate retail takeaway of about 50% was more than double the category growth rate of almost 20%. Our seasonal sell-through was solid, as evidenced by a 2.3 point share gain and overall China market share of 10.1%. Reese's testing and expansion continues, and we are pleased with what we continue to learn. The team continues to refine the messaging, based on what we have learned to-date, and we will apply these best practices during a broader roll-out later this year. In Mexico, our year-to-date chocolate market share in the Modern Trade increased 1.1 points. However, category growth slowed to the start of the year, given Easter timing, the VAT tax and a sluggish economy that's impacting consumer purchasing power and confidence. As a result, Mexico Modern Trade chocolate category sales declined about 1%. This represents a slowdown, versus the low double digit growth --  [Technical Difficulty] Similar information related to insights driven performance initiatives. Now let me provide a brief update on our international business. Similar to last year, our expectation entering the year, was that 2014 international sales growth would be back-half weighted. We still --
Mark Pogharian: Ladies and gentlemen, Mark Pogharian here. We apologize for the technical difficulty. We believe JP, you got cut off. When JP started his remarks related to international commentary. So we will pick it up from there, and just the moment. Again, we apologize for the delay, and, please be patient while we pick up. JP, I will now turn it back to you, if you start with your international commentary.
John Bilbrey: Okay. Thank you everyone for your patience, and I am going to have to move here in the room, as we continue to make some adjustments, so please bear with us. So assuming that you can hear me now, I will pick up with our international comments. Outside of the U.S. and Canada, international results were mixed. China continues to be a standout, net sales increased mid-teens on a percentage basis versus last year, and exceeded plan. In China, Hershey continues to be one of the fastest growing international chocolate companies. For the three months ended February, chocolate category growth accelerated, driven by gifting and the timing of the holiday in Chinese New Year season. As a result, our chocolate retail takeaway of about 50%, was more than double the category growth rate of almost 20%. Our seasonal sell-through was solid, as evidenced by a 2.3 point share gain and overall, China chocolate share of 10.1%. Reese's testing and expansion continues and we are pleased with what we continue to learn. The Team continues to refine the messaging, based on what we have learnt to-date, and we will apply these best practices during a broader roll out later this year. In Mexico, our year-to-date chocolate market share and the Modern Trade increased 1.1 points. However, category growth slowed to start the year, given Easter timing, the VAT tax, and a sluggish economy, that is impacting consumer purchasing power and confidence. As a result, Mexico Modern Trade chocolate category sales declined about 1%. This represents a slowdown versus the low double digit growth in 2013. Given these headwinds, we expect Mexico net sales growth to be pressured this year. In Brazil, local currency net sales were a bit below our plan and year ago, as volume elasticity related to a price increase was greater than anticipated. Year-to-date, the chocolate category, the Modern Trade declined 4.9%, due to the timing of Easter. We primarily participate in the tablet/bar and chocolate snack subsegments, and the categories declined here as well. However, Hershey tablet/bar and chocolate snacks retail takeaway was up, and we gained share. We expect our business in Brazil to accelerate over the remainder of the year on a local currency basis, and be up low double digits. We have a good foundation in our key international markets. We are building on our go-to-market capabilities, driving trial and repeat and gaining market share. We are focused on the long term, and not guided by the impacts of foreign currency exchange rates, which is the factor on [ph], while we'd most likely see international net sales growth of around 15% in 2014. I am pleased with the progress we are making. There are exciting things happening in our focus markets, and we remain on-track towards the aspirational goals, and we have shared with you over the last year. Now to wrap up. We were not pleased with our overall performance in the first quarter. However, core brand merchandising, programming, innovation and advertising accelerates, and is expected to generate solid net sales growth over the remaining three quarters. As a result, we continue to expect 2014 full year net sales growth of 5% to 7%, and a 9% to 11% increase in adjusted earnings per share diluted. I will now turn it over to Dave, who will provide some additional financial details.
David Tacka: Thank you, JP. Good morning to everyone on the phone and on the web cast. First quarter net sales of $1.87 billion increased 2.4% versus last year, generating adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.15, an increase of 5.5% from last year. The sales growth was below our expectation for the quarter, primarily because of the U.S. market anomalies JP discussed, combined with lower sales in Mexico and Brazil. We expected first quarter sales growth to be tempered by the comparison to the strong Brookside distribution gains last year, our innovation calendar in 2014, and foreign currency headwinds. In fact, foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the Canadian dollar and Brazilian real, negatively impacted sales growth by 0.8 points, resulting in organic sales growth of 3.2% for the quarter. Sales growth was driven primarily by North America, which increased 3%. U.S. net sales growth of 3.4% was essentially all volume related. Canada achieved slightly higher volume growth, offset by unfavorable FX. Outside of the U.S. and Canada, net sales declined 2.4%. Results varied by country, with declines in Latin America and increases in Asia, driven primarily by growth in China. Turning now to margins; adjusted gross margin declined by 10 basis points in the quarter, as higher input costs and an unfavorable sales mix, more than offset supply chain productivity and cost savings initiatives. We incurred higher than forecasted dairy and minor raw material costs in the quarter, as well as lower fixed cost absorption, resulting from the lower than forecast volumes. For the year, we now expect gross margin expansion of around 20 basis points. This is lower than our previous estimate of around 50 basis points, due primarily to higher input costs, primarily dairy, and a less favorable sales mix. Adjusted EBIT in the first quarter increased 3.7% versus last year, generating adjusted EBIT Margin of 22.3%, a 30 basis point improvement. The increase was driven by lower SM&A expenses. Advertising expense in related consumer marketing decreased about 3% versus last year. Importantly, we executed our planned advertising programs in the quarter, including the recent CAA program, seasonal celebrations advertising, and launched support for the Lancaster and spreads introductions. We expect advertising spending to increase over the remainder of the year, supporting our new product launches and core brands in North American and international markets. SG&A, excluding advertising, increased 4% versus last year, but less than our previous estimate, as we delayed certain discretionary items, in light of first quarter market trends, higher input costs, and our initiatives to achieve SG&A leverage. We will continue to invest in expanded root-to-market capabilities, as well as knowledge based consumer information, related to the insights driven performance initiatives. Now let me provide a brief update on our international business. Similar to last year, our expectation entering the year was that 2014 international sales growth would be back half weighted. We still believe that will be the case, given the seasonality of our business, together with our plans for advertising, merchandising, programming and new products, including the broader distribution of Reese's in Q3 and Q4. Q1 international net sales declined 2.4% in the quarter. On a constant currency basis, they increased 2%. In our focus markets, China net sales increased high teens on a percentage basis, and continues to do well. Importantly, Chinese New Year sell-through was solid, and we are gaining market share. In Mexico, sales declined. Our chocolate business in the Modern Trade is responding to merchandising and programming. However, our sweets, refreshment and beverage businesses have been pressured, given the sugar tax and other macroeconomic headwinds impacting Mexican consumers. We expect the Mexico business to continue to be challenged, but to improve over the remainder of the year. In Brazil, sales declined as consumers are adjusting to higher price points. We expect that our business will grow over the remainder of the year. For the full year, we expect international sales growth to be around 15%. Note, that this excludes the Shanghai Golden Monkey business, which we estimate will close in the second quarter of 2014. Moving down the P&L, first quarter interest expense of $21.4 million declined $2.2 million versus last year. For the full year, we continue to expect interest expense to be around $85 million. The adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 34.3%, essentially in line with last year, but slightly less than our expectations of 35%, due to the timing of favorable tax issue resolution. For the full year, we expect the adjusted tax rate to be around 34.5%. For the first quarter of 2014, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 227 million shares. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow; at the end of the first quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year's first quarter by $103 million. Accounts receivable was higher b $104 million, primarily because of sales timing and remains extremely current. Inventory was higher by $52 million and accounts payable increased by $53 million. Capital additions, including software, were $80 million in the first quarter. For the year, we continue to expect total capital expenditures to be about $355 million to $375 million, including the capital related to the Johor, Malaysia project of $120 million to $130 million. Depreciation and amortization was $49 million in the first quarter, in line with our estimates. Cash outflows in Q1 included dividends of $105 million, and the repurchase of approximately $272 million of our common shares, to replace shares issued, in connection with stock option exercises. All shares were repurchased in the open market. In 2014, we will make progress against the old share buyback authorization, which has $125 million remaining on it, before buying back shares related to the new authorization. At the end of the first quarter, cash on hand was just over $1 billion. Let me close by providing some context on our 2014 outlook; as JP outlined. We have initiatives in place that we believe will drive net sales growth across our business. We are confident of our plans, and we expect 2014 net sales growth within our targeted range of 5% to 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We believe we have concluded a strong Easter season and April Nielsen data is showing solid improvements in our every day business. We expect net sales gains to build through the year, driven by core brand volume growth, and innovation in U.S. and international markets. Complemented by in-store merchandising, programming and greater levels of advertising and consumer marketing. We now expect gross margin expansion of around 20 basis points for the year. We expect higher input costs and a less favorable sales mix versus 2013, offset by supply chain productivity and improved fixed cost absorption. We have good visibility into our input costs, with the exception of dairy costs which we are unable to hedge. As we look at timing and year ago comps, we expect second quarter gross margin to be similar to what we had in Q1. Advertising and related consumer marketing is expected to increase mid-single digits on a percentage basis versus last year, slightly below our previous estimate. This change does not impact advertising spending on core brands, but instead reflects decisions on return on investment analysis on non-scale brands, and reductions in non-media consumer spending. SG&A expenses are expected to increase at a more modest level than previous years, as we start to achieve SG&A leverage. This increase will build on the investments and go-to-market capabilities, as well as consumer knowledge based projects related to our insights driven performance initiatives. As a result, we expect full year adjusted earnings per share diluted to increase within our long term targeted growth rate of 9% to 11%. Note that this outlook excludes estimated operating results related to Shanghai Golden Monkey. Upon approval of the agreement, expected in the second quarter of 2014, and excluding acquisition and transaction costs, the company expects the acquisition to be slightly accretive on an adjusted basis in 2014. Thank you for your time this morning. JP, Mark and I will now take any questions you may have.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you JP and Dave for your remarks. For everybody on the line and the web cast, we again apologize for the technical difficulty this morning. But, out of the respect to a lot of you, couple of other peers that are reporting this morning and holding conference calls, just so we can facilitate time here, we would ask that you please limit yourselves to one question. Thank you, and operator, we will now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Mark Pogharian: Good morning. Rob? Operator, we are not hearing any question.
Operator: His line is open sir.
Mark Pogharian: Okay. Why don't we go to the next question?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hello?
Mark Pogharian: Yes.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I am sorry. This is Rob. I guess my question is to do with the decision to cut advertising. I wanted to know why make that decision to lower the advertising growth so early in the year, its only first quarter. It seems to be related to the gross margin cut as well. Thank you.
John Bilbrey: I think Rob, the way to think about it is that, we have really taken a look at some of the secondary brands that we have been supporting, and we have limited some of our advertising there. On our core brands, there really isn't any reduction, and in fact, advertising GRPs would be increased on a couple of levels. One, the dollar spend against core, because of moving some of that mix around. And then the other thing is, is in GRP efficiency. So as we become a more scaled purchaser, one of the things that's happening is that, we also are more efficient. So if you really look at GRPs against those core brands, and against the new item initiatives that we have, we really feel as though we are executing against the strong plan, and what we need. And of course, we will continue to assess that as we go forward. But that's how I think you might want to think about that, and then the other thing with innovation, you also have then stronger consumer events there as well, which we need to support. So we really feel as though, we have got a solid plan.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: But John, it seems like your competition is increasing advertising right now. Are you concerned that you're kind of scaling back, when they are scaling up?
John Bilbrey: No I think -- well first of all, your assessment is absolutely right, and in fact, in the first quarter, we saw with new item introduction, as well as some other strong support from competitors. The absolute advertising level in the category was significantly higher than it has been. So our advertising was higher as well, but not as high as some of the competitive initiatives. So I think, as others move into higher advertising spends, that's something that we have to be cognizant of. I think a lot of that however was really in support of what was happening with new item introductions, and then of course, with Easter being later, some of that advertising also -- for us, also falls into April as well. But your point is noted.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
John Bilbrey: Good morning Bryan.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning. So I guess the one question I wanted to ask was just based or relative to gross margin outlook and the potential of the raised prices. I guess, last couple of years -- or the last five years I guess, whatever; there has been some meaningful change in raw material costs, you have been able to price it through. So I guess, is that in the realm of expectations or possibilities looking forward if we are going to see elevated input costs going forward, is there a chance that may be there would be ability to price that through, or at this point do you think that the elasticities just don't work in your favor in that regard? Thanks.
John Bilbrey: Dave and I will take that, it’s a two-part; and the first part is we don't talk about or speculate around what we think pricing will be in the category. But what I would say is, as you have heard us say before, we will continue to be a gross margin focused organization, it would be tough to necessarily have the levels of gross margin expansion we had in 2013, but we continue to be very gross margin focused, and then from a commodity perspective, I will let Dave make any comment he feels appropriate.
David Tacka: As we said, we are seeing slightly higher commodity costs, particularly dairy as we look at 2014. But we do have good visibility on our cost basket other than dairy for 2014, and we will be addressing 2015 later in the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning everyone. Just continuing on the ad spending, what changed with the analysis of the ad spend; because you guys do typically have pretty good analytics. So I am not sure exactly what changed, as you were looking through it. Then just to follow-up on that is, how much leeway do you have for the cut, just say the sales or your numbers don't come within -- the top line doesn't come within your expectations again, at least there is another leeway for you to reduce that excitement a little bit more?
John Bilbrey: Well I think first of all, philosophically, we want to make sure that we are fully supporting our brands against the strategies that we have articulated. There are brands, which we have chosen to not support, that we have been supporting, or reduce some support. So again, I think that, that's a decision driven by analytics, and its a good decision. And then, we really feel as though, based on the ROIs and what we know at this point in time, that we are fully supporting those brands, and then our innovation in the second half. If there were to be a material change in the category, we are very committed to being brand builders, then we would assess that as we would believe appropriate.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
John Bilbrey: Good morning Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I am a bit confused on some of the international stuff between local currency and dollar results. I think JP you said that, and this was kind of split up, but I think you said China was up mid-teens, but then Dave said it was up high teens. I think you mentioned something about being up 50% and two times the category --?
John Bilbrey: Eric, to just put clarification around that. So one is a sales number, and the others were off-take numbers, during that period of time. So those would be what the difference is, but those are -- and remember with Chinese New Year and so forth, you get -- some of that shipment is actually, would have been in the fourth quarter of last year, and then the off-take really is happening in the quarter. So that's why you would see differences in that, and Mark can help you with greater detail around that. And then, if you look at the other markets, in local currency, we made good progress in Brazil, but the real, hurt us on FX. You had some of that in Mexico and Canada as well. So on a local currency basis, in both Brazil and Canada, we felt good about our progress, but FX hurt us a little bit more there.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, and just as a --
David Tacka: Eric, the profile for international will probably be very similar to last year, where you get much greater part of the growth in the second half.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So the international dollar sales are down 2.4 in the quarter. You're saying that for the year, international sales will be up 15% in dollars, or is that local currency?
John Bilbrey: Its in dollars.
David Tacka: That would be dollars including FX impact.
John Bilbrey: Including FX impact.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: But ex-M&A. Okay, I will pass it on. Thank you.
John Bilbrey: Thanks Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
John Bilbrey: Hi Andrew.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning everybody. Just want to pick up on the pricing theme as well. And again, not whether you will or won't take it of course, but I remember the last time you took a price increase. It was the first time in quite some time that promotive price points went up as ell. And I think, because you were bumping up against some key retail, sort of price thresholds. I think the promotive price points went up like 20% or so, and you ended up managing it very well in hindsight, [indiscernible] and all of that. So I guess what I am trying to get a sense of is, is there any way to may be hard to do the -- kind of characterize where you are today and the next time you take pricing, whenever that may be, if it’s a year, if its three years. But are you bumping up against any key retail sort of promotive price point thresholds, or is there some room to kind of work with them there?
John Bilbrey: I think, the way that I would think about it is, if you look over an extended period of time, the category has been pretty unelastic, and so its 50% volume and 50% price realization historically in the category. As we have crossed price thresholds, which we always watch very-very closely. Our experience has been pretty positive, that the category digests that pricing. So the category in general, I think, has demonstrated its ability to again be pretty accessible and affordable, and that really has sort of won the day. And then there is a couple of things to think about, in terms of how companies may think about pricing, is obviously there is a commodities element, and then there is an element of how you invest in the business, and I don't think its exclusively one or the other, but we look at both of those. And I think both of those things are intrical to how you would think about that particular topic, and that's probably -- Andrew, I don't know if that satisfies you, but that's probably about as far as I can go on that.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: That's helpful. I appreciate your perspective. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
John Bilbrey: Hi Dave.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Hi guys. Thank you. Good morning. Wanted to go back to advertising for a minute; just to be clear, at least as much as we can. So add spending in the quarter down 3%, full year at mid single digit increase. So clearly its going up, you're supporting your products, not as much as before, but you're supporting it. I think what this suggests, is that the change was almost entirely in the first quarter, and as I look at Qs two, three and four, you're going to have fairly substantial increases in two, three and four. So first off, is that right, and is that pretty much consistent with the plans? I think it kind of helps people to understand that may be the big change was Q1, and its not something that's massively different in the next bunch of quarters. Can we just start there?
John Bilbrey: Yeah, I think that's a very good assessment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Okay. Then on the increases that you have coming in Qs two, three and four, where are they going to be deployed? Because I think what everybody is just going to want to understand as best they can, is your expectation that sales growth will accelerate, and I think its going to be directly related to where all this additional ad spending goes. So can you talk about how you deploy it?
John Bilbrey: Well if you think about the innovation we have this year, its actually spread across our different segments of the business, and so, you will see the appropriate amount of advertising supporting a broad piece of the portfolio, but appropriately, you will see it supporting the new initiatives. Then you have Lancaster and spreads, which really just started in February and we are building distribution there. So you will see strong support for those, as we go throughout the year, we feel very good about our distribution progress. We have had a coupon drop, and we should continue to build on our merchandising and then advertising support for both of those as well. So those will be brands that are supported. And just to be clear, coming back, the support on our core brands continues to grow. So a lot of that growth again is out of GRP purchase efficiency, and it is not making a choice, not to advertise on some secondary brands. And if you recall historically, we have talked about how we like to rotate across those brands, so that's also money that comes back against the core.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Really appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan.
John Bilbrey: Good morning Ken.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan: Hey everybody, thanks for the questions. My guess is, you're cutting ad spending on may be some brands like, I don't know, Bliss, Simple Pleasures. At least in Nielsen data, they're lagging a bit. So first of all, is that correct?
John Bilbrey: That's correct.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan: That's right. So AIR DELIGHTS too I would imagine. Can you talk a little bit about the future of those brands? How should we think about them? I guess I am asking, is there a risk they get delisted, is there some [indiscernible] coming because -- often when step one is cutting advertising, step two can be the brand loses whatever, I don't want to say shaky, but whatever legs it had?
John Bilbrey: I think the way to think about it is, it doesn't mean that we would not be supporting those brands. I think in a couple of instances, those -- there may be some other brands that you talked about, that have ended up playing more of a niche role, than maybe we would have hoped at one point in time. Then, in the case of bliss, it’s a meaningful brand, and within a position, but that whole trade-up space has sort of evolved over time. And so it doesn't mean that we wouldn't support a brand like Bliss, but we are in an environment where we believe making choices is important and these brands will evolve and consumers will ultimately decide, how they do.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan: Great, thanks JP.
John Bilbrey: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with RBC.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning guys.
John Bilbrey: Good morning.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Typically, Hershey starts the year rather quickly, and this year, obviously its not the case but some of that seems to be your timing of new product news. But some of it seems to be, from what we are hearing Mars, which has been rather aggressive on promotion, and that's a big contract for the last couple of years, could you comment on that? And then specifically related to the seasonal share, which I guess was down significantly, if I look at the numbers in your release. We hear there may have been something of a co-packer issue, where orders weren't filled right away for Hershey, one of your co-packers, was that a factor at all in the quarter?
John Bilbrey: No, let me talk about kind of -- le make a broad statement here about the quarter. So first all, you have the timing of Easter being three weeks later. So there is just a lot of noise in the data. Yet, strong competitive program, it included new items, and also increased advertising. Our plan, as you point out, is much more back-half loaded than it was before. So even though we had introductions with -- kick out many, as you have spreads, you have Lancaster, all of those are currently building. And then you have anomalies in the consumer purchasing pattern. So all of those things clearly had an influence, I wouldn't focus on one much more than the other. As we look at weekly data, and as I've said to you guys many times, I don't get overly enamored by weekly data. But I guess in this case, what I would tell you is, I continue to be encouraged that our hypothesis around the quarter and the things that we are describing to you, I feel good about, because as we look at the weekly data, it continues to strengthen and in fact, in the latest weekly data on year-to-date basis, our total CMG share has turned positive, which again, gives me confidence that as I talk to retailers, consumers seem to be back in stores, I can't comment on for anybody, what their spending is. But it appears to feel as though, some of the trips issues, some of the basket mix etcetera, I am more comfortable calling it an anomaly. I do believe going forward, there is some degree of bifurcation in the total consumer environment, but we will sort that out for all CPG, as we go forward. But I am just feeling a lot better, as I see some of this weekly data come in that we have called this about right.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
John Bilbrey: Good morning.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good morning everyone. I just wanted to focus on the factors underlying the lower gross margin outlook. I know there are some specific external things like higher dairy and Q1 traffic that have had an incremental impact. But looking beyond the lower, sort of Q1 fixed cost allocations and what already know about dairy prices, to what extent does that lower gross margin outlook also reflect of you that the competitive and the promotional environment could be sustainably a bit more intense than you originally envisioned?
David Tacka: Well the biggest chunk of the gross margin change is in fact the dairy outlook. There are some impacts around the sales mix, which are principally in the first quarter, and we have programming very well set for the balance of the year, and so we think that we are in the right place on that and we have a good view of the commodity cost, with the exception of dairy.
Mark Pogharian: And I would say too Matt, even if you continue to look your IRI and Nielsen data, you just don't see a lot of positive or negative price in that category, which would help answer your question as well of what's really going on. I mean, as JP alluded to, there is just a lot of activity in the first quarter, which is what we expected in news, coming into this year.
Matthew Grainger - Morgan Stanley: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John Bilbrey: Good morning.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Good morning JP. Just in terms of the elasticity in Brazil. Did the magnitude of that surprise you at all? And then maybe related, if you look around some of these snacking categories in developing markets, biscuits, gum, one can may be argue here that they category level growth hasn't really snapped back from the recession. Is that your sense that these categories are kind of prone for more tempered growth going forward? Just your thoughts there?
John Bilbrey: You know, I actually would tell you that I continue to be very positive on the category, especially on the chocolate segment across just about all of these markets, and I think that, we are going to have some of these different dynamics, the real got awfully strong, unusually strong from my historical experience, and now its moving the other direction. So I think as we look at, what do we believe are the right plans within a given market? Do we feel on a local currency basis, we are managing our business correctly for the long term? And then, we have a relatively modest sized business in a country like Brazil, and with that being the case, sometimes when you have negatives from a translation standpoint, the impact is accentuated. So we sometimes probably have that as a bit of a greater influence, on how those numbers come out. But I continue to feel good about the progress, the distribution we are building across the country and our brand portfolio there. I think for our company, part of what you see there may be less macro and a little bit more unique to us, given the size of our business there.
John Baumgartner - Wells Fargo: Great. Thanks JP.
John Bilbrey: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
John Bilbrey: Good morning Alexia.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. Just wanted to pick up on your comments about the lower consumer trip in the instant consumable channel and the irregular approach in patterns and traditional mass. Could you just give us a little bit of a handle on what that was, and I know it's settled down now, but what caused it to settle down? Thank you.
John Bilbrey: If you looked at just trips in general and you went back to about June-July 2013, you could start to see a change in the frequency of trips and then the distances people drove from their home to do their primary shopping, and so that was one of the reasons the food channel is an example, continue to do a little bit better, as people got a higher percentage of their primary trip there, and so, that was one of the influences. It continued through the fall and into the first quarter, and what we observed, as we look at total store data and household panel data etcetera, is that the mix in the basket changed. So you got a little bit greater focus on staples versus instant consumables. If you think about people who may have been impacted by the weather, and then when we saw differences across the country, if weather wasn't an issue versus whether being an issue. And then you also have changes in some of the government programs that people had to adjust to and figure out what that meant for them. And so I think this concept of bifurcation also is an issue in terms of how people build their basket. And so, there was just a lot of moving parts in what we believe we are seeing is a bit of an emergence from that, where things, both in terms of traffic, primary shopping, outlets, as well as mix of the basket, is returning to what we might call a more historical norm. I think the trips data of course will continue to follow and see if you know that changes and it comes back. But those are really some of the influences that were in that comment.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Mark Pogharian: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Your last question is from Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
John Bilbrey: Good morning.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: Hello. So just a question on balance sheet and cash flow. I understand Q1 is a little bit more pressured than expected. Part of it is coming out of international advertising's pullback. We have seen share loss in the U.S., coming from lower end, but we are also seeing it from Russell and some of the higher end guys. There has also been some discussion though on the M&A front for some smaller players, one of the company executives is getting very old, to be frank, and in another company there has been rumors, that the brothers might be looking to sell. I am just curious, if you were to come under pressure, you are now running at a net debt level, its about a 15 year low. I understand all the near term pressures in the business, but could you may be just kind of discuss a bit what your theory is around capital allocation outside of Golden Monkey over the next two years, haven't seen any shares purchased really, or repurchased to effect EPS over the past two years, for the most part. I don't really feel like I thought you were talking about the balance sheet, thanks.
David Tacka: Okay. Well I guess, we feel very good about the balance sheet. We have a very strong balance sheet, and as we look at -- and we had about $1 billion in cash at the end of the quarter. As we look at both our cash and our debt capacity, our priority first continues to be to grow, and so we are continuing to look at M&A opportunities, and we are also investing in capital to support our business growth. We have got new plant under construction in Malaysia, and we will have some additional need for additional volume as our business grows. So our number one priority for cash and debt continues to be growth, and we expect that to be M&A and also to be the capital investments. Our second priority is dividends. We have a policy of about 50% dividend pay out of our earnings, and so that's where we would go. And then third, we would go to share buyback. We buy back what is exercised in options, and as I reported, we bought back a bit over $200 million in the first quarter for replenishing option exercises and we also have $125 million on an old authorization, and an additional $250 million on a new authorization that we did earlier in the year, and we expect to be making progress against those, as we go through the year. But that's kind of our priorities, first is growth, second is dividend and then we will buy back shares after that.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you very much for joining us for today's conference call. Again, we apologize for the technical difficulties, and Sergio Flores and I will be available to take any follow-up calls that you may have. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David W. Tacka - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Humberto P. Alfonso - President of International Operations
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Bonnie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Pogharian. You may begin, sir.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Bonnie. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company's fourth quarter 2013 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Dave Tacka, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I, will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We welcome those of you who's listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2012 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted or pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2013 fourth quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $10.9 million or $0.04 per share diluted, related to costs associated with the project Next Century, non-service-related pension expense, and acquisition and integration costs. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me now turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. I'm very pleased with Hershey's fourth quarter and full year financial and marketplace results, which represent a solid end to another good year. Net sales for the full year increased 7.6%. This was our fourth consecutive year of at least 7% sales growth, which has been driven by a combination of net price realization, core brand volume, growth in U.S. and international markets and innovation. In the fourth quarter, net sales increased 11.7%, slightly better than our expectations, driven primarily by volume. And this is translated into solid gross margin, EBIT margin and EPS growth. In 2013, adjusted EPS diluted growth was 14.8%, our fifth consecutive year of double-digit percentage increases. The category is performing well and our business model is working. However, we're not content. Using history as a guide, we recognized that consumer needs and behavior continuously evolve. We've been building on our proprietary IDP platform and look to leverage the vast amounts of available data related to consumer patterns around everyday events and how they tie into shopping, purchasing decisions, consumption, et cetera. This initial work has resulted in accelerated profitable organic sales growth and enabled Hershey to reclaim its CMG category leadership position in the U.S., with a 31.1% share of the market. We're also pleased with the continued progression of our international businesses outside of the U.S. and Canada. For the full year, our international net sales increased about 16%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, and we're on track to achieve close to $1 billion of net sales in these markets by the end of 2014. And I'm excited about our recently announced agreement with Shanghai Golden monkey. The strength of Shanghai Golden Monkey's confectionery portfolio, manufacturing expertise and overall distribution capabilities, especially within the traditional trade, is an opportunity for us to leverage scale to make the iconic brands of both our companies even more powerful. We believe the investments we're making across our businesses position us for future growth. Furthermore, the dynamics of the confectionery category, impulsivity conversion rate at checkouts, seasons, multiple pack types and so on, are an advantage for all category participants. As has been the case for the last few years, we continue to expect solid brand building investments in the form of innovation and advertising by many category participants. As a result, in 2014, we anticipate candy and mint category growth to be in the 3.5% to 4.5% range. Although note that you'll see some lumpiness in category and Hershey performance in the March and April timeframes, given the timing impact of Easter this year versus the previous year. Now for an overview of the U.S. candy, mint and gum category. For the full year in the xAOC+C-store channel, and as a reminder, this data consists of the food, drug, MassX and C-store channels plus the inclusion of Walmart, partial dollar, club and military channels; growth was solid in the chocolate, non-chocolate and mint categories, which increased the combined plus 3.9%, well within the 3% to 4% historical growth rate. The increase in candy and mint outpaced other snack alternatives such as salty snacks, snack nuts, cookies and crackers. As has been the case for the last few years, the gum category has been challenged and weighed on overall CMG that's candy, mint and gum, results. Therefore, including the full year decline of 5.6% for the gum category, CMG growth was 2.5%. CMG fourth quarter category growth in the xAOC+C channels was up 2.5%. As I mentioned earlier, gum continues to be a drag. And excluding it, the chocolate, non-chocolate and mint categories increased a combined 3.5%. Before I get into our segment, marketplace discussion, let me summarize our successful Q4 seasonal performance. For the combined Halloween and holiday seasons, Hershey retail takeaway was up 4.2%. Importantly, our seasonal sell-through was on target, and we gained 0.6 share points in Halloween and 1.4 points in the holiday season. This was our third and fourth consecutive years of Halloween and holiday market share growth. Our key categories did well and Hershey outperformed. Specifically, Hershey CMG retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending December 28, 2013, in the xAOC+C channels that account for about 90% of our U.S. retail business, was up 5.2%, resulting in a 0.8 point market share gain. For the full year, Hershey U.S. retail takeaway and market share was up 6.3% and 1.1 points, respectively. We're proud of our U.S. marketplace performance, as we've gained the market share in every channel that we compete for the third consecutive year. Fourth quarter chocolate candy xAOC+C category growth was up plus 4.3%. Hershey Q4 chocolate retail takeaway was 5.3%, resulting in a gain of 0.4 points of chocolate market share. Core brands such as Reese's, Kit Kat and ROLO, as well as Brookside, all gained share. For the full year, our chocolate retail takeaway and market share was up 6.6% and 0.9 points, respectively. Fourth quarter and full year non-chocolate candy xAOC+C category growth was plus 1.2% and 2.6% versus the year ago period. In 2013, our innovation was primarily focused on chocolate. Additionally, throughout the year, we were lacking very successful year-ago non-chocolate candy innovation and in-store programming. As a result, in 2013, we lost 0.2 points of NCC market share. We're making solid investments here in 2014 with some innovative new products that we believe will result in non-chocolate candy gains. More on this later. While not as large as chocolate and NCC, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the success of our gum and mint business. In 2013, our gum and mint retail takeaway was up 27% and 11%, respectively. As a result, our gum market share increased 1 full point, and we now have a 4% share of the market. Our mint market share increased 1.2 points, and our segment-leading market share is 38.9%. Looking at key channels, I'm very pleased with our business in the traditional FDMx channels, where our performance has been solid. For the 12 and 52 weeks ended December 28, our CMG retail takeaway was up 3.4% and 4.4%. We gained 0.8 share points here for the full year, driven by the food and drug classes of trade. In the C-store channel, CMG fourth quarter and full year category growth in both periods was up 3.3%, and impacted by a mid-single-digit percentage decline in the gum category. Excluding gum for the fourth quarter and full year, C-store combined candy and mint retail growth was 5.8% and 5.9%. Total Hershey's C-store performance was solid with Q4 and 2013 retail takeaway, up 5.5% and 7.5%, resulting in market share gains of 0.7 points and 1.3 points. As we look to 2014, we have many exciting products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels, including our annual Reese's NCAA basketball and football programs, in-store merchandising and programming of Hershey's Smores and the launch of many new products, such as Hershey's Spreads in the 13-ounce jar, as well as an on-the-go pack type with graham crackers sticks, Lancaster Soft Crèmes Caramels, York Minis, the continued rollout of 3-ounce Brookside instant consumable pack type, the Q4 launch of Brookside crunchy clusters, Jolly Rancher and Twizzlers Bites in standup, take-home pouches and our innovative instant consumable flex pack that fits in a cup holder, and a yet to be announced new product that we're very excited about. We're proud of the gains that we've made in the U.S., so now I'll provide some color on the solid progress we've made in other markets starting with Canada. Looking north, our business in Canada had a good year on all metrics. Net sales increased 5% versus the prior year, resulting in solid gross margin and operating income improvement. A portion of these gains were in advertising and consumer promotion that drove mid-single-digit growth in retail takeaway. Our combined candy and mint market share was up 0.3 points for the year, enabling us to become the market leader in Canada with a 16.6% share of the market. Growth was fueled by Hershey's, Brookside and Ice Breakers. As expected, outside the U.S. and Canada, net sales accelerated in the fourth quarter, up 27%, slightly greater than our expectations. For the full year, international sales of $807 million increased 16%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. In China, Brazil and Mexico, we made solid progress in 2013, with net sales up a combined 25% in these markets. In our key markets, our brands are gaining distribution, trial, and more importantly, repeat purchases. On-shelf velocity of Kisses and Hershey's-branded products is increasing and will build on our momentum in 2014. Additionally, we'll look to accelerate the testing and launch of our other global brands, Reese's, Ice Breakers and Jolly Ranchers in key markets. Therefore, in 2014, based on current exchange rates, we expect net sales outside the U.S. and Canada to increase towards the top end of our 15% to 20% target, which would put us close to our $1 billion goal. By country, our business in China had a solid quarter and ended the year strong. Chocolate category growth in Q4 was up low double digits, and for the year, increased about 14%. In 2013, Hershey was the fastest-growing chocolate company in China, as consumers responded to Hershey's advertising and innovation such as Hershey's Drops and Kisses Deluxe. As a result, China was our best-performing international market, with full year retail takeaway up about 45%. Importantly, in November, we crossed a major milestone and reached the 10.2% share of the China chocolate market. Our momentum gives us confidence that the investments we've made and will continue to make in consumer insight and route to market will benefit our business in the near and the long term. In Mexico, our chocolate business, driven primarily by the Hershey's, Hershey's Bites and Kisses, had a solid year. In 2013, our modern trade chocolate retail takeaway was about double the category growth rate, resulting in a market share gain of 2 points. Our overall chocolate market share in the modern trade is about 21%, and we expect to build on our momentum in 2014 with an expansion of the Reese's test market that's been underway for the last 6 months, primarily in the C-store channel. Our Mexico NCC business lost 0.2 points this year. However, it sequentially improved versus last quarter, driven by the launch of Jolly-Rancher-filled lollipops and take-home pack types of Pelon and Peloneta items. In Brazil, our chocolate business grew about double the category. Market share was up 0.2 points, driven by Hershey's Bars and Hershey's Mice, which has quickly established an 8 share of the subsegment of chocolate-covered wafer products. Reese's was introduced to the major customer earlier this year and has gained traction, becoming a top 5 SKU at this retailer. In 2014, we'll continue with the Reese's expansion and the testing of other global brands. Now to wrap up. I'm pleased with the way the confectionery category and Hershey continue to perform. We have a solid position in the marketplace and we're responding to retail customers needs to drive overall category growth. We have consumer-driven plans in 2014 and expect to drive top line volume growth by a combination of core brand growth and innovation. Dave Tacka will provide further details, but expected gross margin gains in 2014 should give us the financial flexibility to make SM&A investments, including advertising and related consumer marketing, which we estimate will increase mid-to-high single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. As a result, we expect full year 2014 net sales and adjusted earnings per share diluted growth to be within the company's long-term 5% to 7% and 9% to 11% objectives. I'll now turn it over to Dave, who will provide some additional detail on our financial results.
David W. Tacka: Thank you, J.P., and good morning, everyone. Hershey posted another quarter of solid results with consolidated net sales of $1.96 billion, up 11.7% versus last year, generating adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.86 per share, up 16.2% versus last year. The sales increase was slightly greater than our expectations due to a solid U.S. holiday season and stronger-than-anticipated international growth. Nonetheless, the profile of organic net sales growth was relatively on target with North America contributing about 2/3 or 8.7 points of the growth, and international about 1/3 or 3.5 points. The impact from foreign currency exchange rates was 0.5 points unfavorable. The Brookside business continued to do well, contributing 1.2 points to overall Q4 net sales growth. For the full year, Brookside net sales increased 74%, in line with our target. In 2014, we would expect Brookside net sales growth to increase greater than the company's long-term target, although not at the level achieved in 2013. Turning to margins. In the fourth quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 80 basis points. This improvement was lower than our estimate, primarily because greater-than-expected Q4 volume required purchases of certain raw materials at higher prices, and year-end LIFO and related inventory calculations resulted in slightly higher costs than our forecasts. For the full year, adjusted gross margin expanded 220 basis points, a truly excellent performance. Input cost deflation of approximately $122 million provided about 160 basis points of the improvement. The remaining 60 basis points resulted from supply chain productivity, sales mix improvements and fixed cost absorption driven by the strong sales volume gains. In 2014, we expect a gross margin improvement around 80 or -- I'm sorry, around 50 basis points, driven by supply chain productivity, sales mix and fixed cost absorption. Despite volatility in the commodity markets, we have good visibility into our 2014 input costs, with the exception of dairy, as there is not a developed future market. We do not expect commodity cost deflation in 2014. Adjusted EBIT in the quarter increased 15.3% versus last year, generating adjusted EBIT margin of 16.3%, a 50 basis point improvement. The increase was driven by the adjusted gross margin improvement. Adjusted SM&A expenses increased 12.8% versus last year, driven by increased advertising and SG&A spending. Advertising expense in the fourth quarter and full year increased 20% and 21%, respectively, versus the year ago periods. We continue to believe that on-air and digital advertising activities are a key factor contributing to our U.S. sales growth and our momentum in key international markets. We believe that we are now approaching continuity of advertising support levels in North America. In 2014, we expect advertising and related consumer marketing to increase mid-to-high single digits on a percentage basis versus the prior year. In the fourth quarter, adjusted SG&A, excluding advertising, increased 10.1% versus last year, in line with our estimate. This increase reflects continued investments in knowledge-based consumer insights, nonadvertising brand building and route-to-market capabilities in both the U.S. and international markets, which will benefit the company in the near and long term. In 2014, we will continue to invest in our knowledge and capabilities. However, given our strong sales growth, we expect that we'll begin to see some leverage on this line item. Now let me provide a brief update on our international business. As expected, net sales outside the U.S. and Canada accelerated in the fourth quarter, increasing by 27.1%, driven by gains in China, Brazil and our export businesses. International net sales trends sequentially improved every quarter throughout the year, and we expect to carry our momentum into 2014. Total international gross margin improved 200 basis points for the year, although operating income declined versus last year given our investments in route to market, brand building initiatives and full year ownership of our India business. We remain committed to these markets and will continue to make the necessary investments to build brand equity, drive trial and repeat purchases. As J.P. stated, we expect solid international sales growth in 2014, which will put us close to our goal of $1 billion in net sales outside the U.S. and Canada. This estimate excludes the Shanghai Golden Monkey business, which we are hopeful will close by the end of the second quarter. Moving down to P&L. Fourth quarter interest expense of $21.9 million declined $0.8 million versus $22.7 million last year. For the full year, interest expense was $88.4 million, slightly less than our estimate. In 2014, we expect interest expense to be in the $80 million to $85 million range. The adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 34.2%, greater than the year ago period, resulting in a full year tax rate of 34.3%, which was relatively in line with our estimate. In 2014, we expect the adjusted tax rate again to be about 34.5%. But note that in the first quarter, we expect the tax rate to be closer to 35%. For the fourth quarter of 2013, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 227 million shares, leading to adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.86, an increase of 16.2% versus year ago. Our full year results were very strong. Full year net sales increased 7.6%. Adjusted EBIT increased 11.8%, resulting in adjusted EBIT margin of 19.2%, up 70 basis points versus last year. Advertising increased 21% for the year, relatively in line with our estimate. Gross margin was 46% versus 43.8% last year, a 220 basis point gain. And adjusted earnings per share diluted increased 14.8% to $3.72. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow. Year-end net trading capital increased by $23 million. Accounts receivable was higher by $17 million as a result of increased sales and remains extremely current. Inventory was higher by $26 million, primarily in finished goods, and accounts payable increased by $20 million. In terms of other specific cash flow items, total capital additions, including software, were $123 million in the fourth quarter and $351 million for the full year. This spending is about $30 million higher than our previous estimate, primarily because of acceleration of spending on certain projects. Construction has begun on the manufacturing facility we're building in Johor, Malaysia, and timing is on track. In 2014, we expect total capital expenditures to be about $355 million to $375 million, including capital related to the Johor project of $120 million to $130 million. The total capital project is about a $240 million investment. Depreciation and amortization was $50 million in the fourth quarter and $201 million for the full year of 2013, in line with our estimates. Dividends paid during the quarter were $106 million and $394 million for the full year. Cash on hand at the end of the fourth quarter was $1.1 billion. We did not acquire any stock in the fourth quarter. Let me close by providing some context on our 2014 outlook. As J.P. outlined, we have initiatives in place that we believe will continue to drive net sales growth across our business. We're confident in our plans, and we expect 2014 net sales growth of about 5% to 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We expect our net sales gains to be driven by core brand volume growth and innovation in the U.S. and international markets, complemented by in-store merchandising, programming and advertising. We expect first quarter net sales growth rates to be tempered for -- versus the strong distribution gains of Brookside in the first quarter of last year. We also expect foreign currency headwinds given recent volatility, particularly for Canada and Brazil. We have good visibility into our full year cost structure with the exception of dairy costs. We expect our gross margin to improve around 50 basis points, driven by productivity and the final project, Next Century, cost savings. We also expect a favorable sales mix. We do not expect input cost deflation in 2014. Advertising and related-consumer marketing is expected to increase mid-to-high single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. SG&A expenses, excluding advertising, are expected to increase at a more modest level in 2014, as we build on the investments and go-to-market capabilities established over the last few years, as well as consumer knowledge-based projects related to our insights-driven performance work. In the first quarter, we expect SG&A cost increases of low double digits versus last year, reflecting the new hires and initiatives brought on in the second half of 2013. We expect full year adjusted earnings per share diluted to increase within our long-term growth rate of 9% to 11%. Note that this outlook excludes operating results related to Shanghai Golden Monkey. Excluding acquisition and transaction costs, we expect the acquisition to be slightly accretive on an adjusted basis in 2014. I'll now turn it back to Mark to go to Q&A.
Mark K. Pogharian: Okay. Before we go to Q&A, J.P, Dave and I will answer your business questions. Note that Bert Alfonso, President International, is also with us, and will answer any questions you may have related to Shanghai Golden Monkey. Given that we are in regulatory review, commentary here will be limited. [Operator Instructions] Operator, can you please set up the first question, please?
Operator: Our first question comes from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dave, can you talk about what you're seeing in the cocoa market? The near-term contract's been spiking again. When you and I last spoke, you weren't overly concerned by fundamentals. I was just hoping for an update of your thoughts.
David W. Tacka: Well, I guess -- I'm not going to comment on our views and coverage with respect to specific markets beyond what I've said about that we have good visibility into our cost structure except for dairy. And so I'm not going to comment beyond that.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But can you maybe add some comment on what you're seeing on the fundamentals, right? Do you think there's enough supply out there, given demand?
David W. Tacka: Well, the cocoa market has been volatile and -- but arrivals at the port -- we're a little past mid-way in the harvest. And arrivals at this point at the port have been very, very strong. And so the estimates of supply and demand have been growing more balanced as that's arrived. So I think that's the things that you're seeing that the analysts are doing. We have -- we're very confident that we will have solid supplies, and that there's enough supply to meet manufacturing needs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just want to ask you, what do you -- your decision to launch a new brand? Well, a lot of companies trying new -- launching of new brands, they don't tend to I mean, successful there is lot of costs associated. If anybody can do it, let me tell you, it’s definitely Hershey. But I guess, my question is what weighed into the decision of trying to launch a new brand in the U.S.? What are the costs associated with it? And how do you measure the success?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that -- you probably heard us talk a lot about it. We are doing fewer what we call, "fewer, bigger, better," and we believe, we are far more consumer centric than we have been as we look at our demand landscapes and where there's opportunity. So while, obviously, a market, the size in U.S. has different cost implications as some market, it also has the magic elixir of volume as well. So when we look at something like our spreads launch, which is currently underway, what we saw is that this a $3.4 billion category in spreads and so spreads includes peanut butter, marmalades and other kinds of things and then the fastest-growing subsegment of that are really chocolate spreads. So we look for unmet needs, and one of the unmet needs not only in the fast growing category was is -- there was a primarily a breakfast occasion, and as we've believe, we can bring great chocolate credentials to that space, we're also looking at variety and day parts that are different than what was happening. So these can be used on apples, bananas, I mean, it's almost endless strawberry, it can be on traditional bread at breakfast occasions, but it makes for a great tasting and a way to get also healthy snacking throughout the day. So all of those kinds of things go in to that decision and what's great for us is, this is really incremental. It's not cannibalistic to what we do already. So that's an example -- I want to just give you a hard example of how we might look at the demand landscape and then try to understand, if we should participate there or not. This is one that we are quite enthusiastic about. The other example that's worked terrific for us is really Brookside. Brookside is a dark chocolate, it satisfies a need that really wasn't there, it has a package that lends itself to portion control, as well as on the go and hand-to-mouth. So we look at all of those different things. And if you look at our results this year, our innovation has just been terrific over the last -- in fact, really over the last several years. So we talked about wanting 1 point of our growth coming in from innovation, but we've done significantly better than that. So it's really not the frequency of innovation, it's really, the quality of the innovation.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: The same logic goes for Lancaster?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Feeney from Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So I wanted to understand, the Chinese market a little bit better. You mentioned that you reached about a 10 share. Maybe if you can give us a sense of like what the structure of that market looks like competitively? How that looks post the closing of Golden monkey? And what are some -- if you have them, your realistic goals for 5 or 10 years for the Hershey Company in China? To the extent, you can provide detail around that, I'd appreciate it.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Well, first of all, our business in China today is largely a modern trade business. It's focused across major metropolitan areas, we're in the 130, 150 cities in total, but the way we think about it, is really how can, we execute our business models, so how do we build our brand product portfolio, how do we build consumer awareness around that. So if you think about concentric circles and economic density, we really want to build those out. China is such a vast place that -- really talking about being national, may be the wrong way could think about it, so we're quite patient, what we really want to do is make sure our businesses are solid and that they're funded well and then we can build out our portfolio. And our portfolio with China today is still young, and so we have a lot of opportunity there. And then as you'll probably hear from Bert at some point, the acquisition that we made gives us the ability to have broader reach in Tier 2 and 3 type cities with a portfolio that's broad and is also different than the portfolio we have there today. So those are all things that we look at. And one other exciting thing about China is, you see the convenience channel developing there and it's the consumer being -- it’s the consumable being one of our real core competencies, we see that as a tremendous opportunity as well.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And J.P., just a clarification. The modern -- you said a modern trade, can you give us a sense over that candy, mint and gum market in China, what piece would you estimate that the modern trade comprises presently? Like 1/2 of it? 20% of it? A ballpark would be fine.
Humberto P. Alfonso: This is Bert. It's quite different, chocolate versus non-chocolate. And so it's a large portion, we don't have the exact number, I would say more than 50% in the modern trade, very paced Tier 1 city-oriented and estimate to retail level to be at about $1.5 billion. The non-chocolate, which is much less concentrated in the modern trade, would be about $5 billion to $6 billion. And again, it moves further down the chain in terms of, as J.P. already mentioned, it is in Tier 1 cities, but also you find a lot more in Tier 2 and Tier 3.
John P. Bilbrey: The one other thing that I would just add to that is that we believe about 300 to 400 million people participate in the chocolate category today with some frequency, so that also begins to be another dimension of how to think about the size and scale versus the potential.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, my question has to do with a little bit with the fourth quarter. I think, you said the U.S. business, including the holidays, shipments were up 8% or 9%, or so? But I think, you said your off-take was up 5% or 6%? What accounts for the difference?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, there's a couple of things, Eric, that we believe is going on there as you look at the data. So we had a very good holiday execution. We felt good about that. But the quad ending 12/28 is missing a full week of data. And one of the things that we see happening is especially, around some of its seasonal events, is a higher percentage of volume that's going into those last couple of weeks. So that's part of it and then if you look at the Wall Street data, while I haven't been through the detail, I think, what you see is that you have, I think, we're about 8% or so with that data, which goes through, I think, the first 2 or 3 weeks of January. So really, shows that it starts to pick up some of that. And then, the other thing that was happening that's in that -- that's in there number is that we have gotten to very low inventories. We had a significant growth rate in the first half. Some of our brands were growing double the rate of the category, especially in the chocolate segment. So if you're look at the chocolate segment in particular, which this continue to remain really strong, we saw some inventory rebuilding throughout the fourth quarter, and so there could be a couple of points as you got into December that came back in terms of inventory rebuild to more normal levels. They're still low, but they're closer to the normal range of what we saw. So I think, those are the 2 biggest components. The thing that was encouraging to me as I looked at that data really was the fact that it looks as though things are coming back nicely, so whether that's an anomaly or not, I don't know, but we continue to feel pretty good about what we think, the category growth rates going to be in '14.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then if I can, just a quick one for David. Is there any reason, why free cash flow shouldn't be growing basically, in line with earnings this year? I guess, CapEx is up a little bit, but maybe you can get a little working capital improvement towards the year-end?
David W. Tacka: Yes, I mean, I think, what I would say is that if you look at operating cash flow it should be growing in line with earnings and we kind of gave you some outlines around the CapEx and dividends.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Follow-up question on fourth quarter. The gross margin was a little below expectations and I guess, the advertising spend was a little below expectations also. And regarding, the gross margin, is -- were you forced to buy materials on the spot markets? And is that why your costs ended up a little higher than you thought? And then also, if this a LIFO kind of issue, does that mean that you have LIFO layers that are -- that you can dip into in 2014, that have maybe lower ingredient cost than what we see in the spot market? I'm really testing my accounting knowledge here, so I'm hoping you bail me out.
David W. Tacka: Well, first of all, you're right. The reason that we -- that the gross margin was lower than what we forecasted in the fourth quarter was that -- we did have some higher commodity costs associated with the higher sales that we had in the fourth quarter and so we wound up picking up some materials at spot prices. And in the year end accounting, there's a number of calculations, including LIFO and things and that, it also includes things like how fixed cost go into inventory and that sort of thing, and those things just came in with a little bit more expense than we had forecast. I think, the important thing on the gross margin is that the full year gross margin improvement of 220 basis points was very strong and it included solid productivity gains and sales mix improvements, which are really the things that will continue to drive our gross margin improvement as we go forward.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And the advertising?
David W. Tacka: The advertising was basically, it was -- the spending was a little bit lower than we have forecast, but there was nothing significant that we did that caused that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question on the international business. And I guess, if we look at it, there was -- profit dollars were up about $150 million for 2013. And I guess in the commentary, you said it about 1/3 of your volume growth for the year came from the international operation. So just -- can you give us some idea about, if we look just the profit dollar contribution, not margins, but just how much of the profit dollar growth came from international, is it more than 1/3 of revenues? Is it less? Just trying to get a sense for how much, now that has becoming such a big slug of revenues, just how it's contributing to the profit growth. And maybe again not even if it's not specific, but just try to give us some sense for as we model 2014, what your expectations are in terms of, how the international revenues will contribute to profit growth?
David W. Tacka: Essentially, what we talked about is that in the international business, we had strong gross margin improvement, and beyond that, we continue to invest in the business. And so I guess, what I would say at this point, is that we continue to be on our targets as we're growing to building the models out in the international business. But we are continuing to invest in the advertising and there's parts in the international business.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes, Bryan, it's Mark. Just to clarify, the 3.5 points in the fourth quarter contribution from international, they had a very strong second half of the year as we expected, and it will probably be a similar type of profile even in 2014, where international second half is bigger than the first half.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I guess, what I was trying to get out is just are we are a point, where you get leverage really on the SG&A spending, where it's not just that it's -- actually, you're making, obviously, having a real good contribution to the revenue growth. But at what point -- where are we, I guess, in terms of that evolution, where the international growth also -- you get the leverage on the operating profit line, which will give you the operating profit growth?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think, Bryan, we're still early in the curve of our evolution there. So what we want to make sure that the SG&A investments that we are making continue to drive top line growth. Even in markets like China, our portfolio is quite limited today. If you look around some of these key markets, that would continue to be true as well. So we're going to follow our business model of brand building because we have good healthy growth -- gross margins. It does give us the chance to moderate that if we chose to do it. But right now, we continue to believe that we're building consumer awareness, we're establishing brands and so I think we're going to continue to be in an investment mode for a while. But obviously we look at SG&A leverage in a number of different ways and we want to be mindful that we grow into any investments that we've made if for some reason we were out over our skis.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question, just I want to focus on the U.S, just a little bit, Brookside. I think, by the numbers you gave, I would calculate that Brookside is now kind of total size of something like $200 million. Where do you think that this can go? And then when you talk about new product contribution of a point, I would assume that because Brookside has such strong momentum going into 2014, new products and I'm hoping, I can count this as one of them, it will be more than a point of contribution in 2014. So all things Brookside.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Well, I think, first of all, your estimate around where Brookside is currently at is certainly a good one, and then to just give you a little bit of dimension on the full year. So, when we talk about 5 to 7 on the low side, that innovation would be about a point in the algorithm and then on the topside, obviously, it would be closer to a couple of points. If you look at 2013, most of our volume, I mean, literally all of the volume was volume growth, but the beauty of it was on those core brands, it was up about 3.8, volume on new product was up above 2. And then Brookside was not considered a new product in 2013, and so it also had a significant contribution of about 1.3 points of that growth. So if you take those numbers, you get a little bit above the 7.6% growth rate, but then, you take the FX out and that's how you land back at 7.6%. So we've been very fortunate that these new brands that we've introduced has been quite accretive to the portfolio, and then, we've been able to have quality innovation. And nobody is going to ever have a perfect record on innovation, but we've been very fortunate that we've had quite solid innovation that's helped. And these brands are sticky. They're contributing as they go forward. And then, the potential of Brookside, I don't have any problem in thinking about it as a $500 million brand. I don't have a date on that. And then, none of us know going well forward into the future, but I see, this is a brand that has global relevance and we just have to do a good job and make the most of it, but I think, this is the terrific brand that will establish itself truly as a big brand.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That was really helpful, J.P. If I could just do one follow-up on the U.S. business. I believe, that one of your competitors is going to launch a Super Bowl commercial on Butterfingers and maybe trying to grab a slice of the Reese's pie. Do you see a lot of interaction between those brands? And do have to do something special to defend yourself there?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we have very solid programming on our Reese's brand. This is a very, very big brand and so we take all of these things seriously. I think, anything that brings people to the category is great. Reese's defines largely the sweet and salty segment. Usually, when you have a variant of a parent brand, it never becomes as large as the parent. And so while, I'm sure that it's a great product and they'll do well, we'll make sure that we're fighting for our space, as you get into March and March Madness and college football with NCAA programs and things, we got terrific programming on Reese's. We will defend it at home and we're looking to grow it globally. So we are up for any fight that come our way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: With the category expected to grow as you said at the outset 3.5% to 4.5% this year, some of it from new products, you're putting out international contribution. Certainly seems like there is obviously, the high level of confidence and visibility in the 5% to 7% sales growth forecast for this year. I guess, partly where you fall in that range or even if you ultimately get above it, but it depends on the ability to also continue to sort of take market share, as you been doing pretty consistently? So I was just wondering can you give us sense that to the combination of the marketing spending and innovation that you've got, give you enough comfort on additional market share gains, even in the light of maybe more category activity?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, well, I think that category activity would be good for the category in total. It’s an expandable consumption category, so I think, we welcome those things and I'm sure retailers do as well. And then, we continue to feel really good about the execution, we have against our brand. So our goals are obviously to continue to execute well. And I think, we've got a pattern and a model that has demonstrated our ability to grow share and so I think, a healthy category is really fundamental to that. But I think, what you'll see is quality, rational behavior in the category and that's good for everybody.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Then on the new product you talked about, when is that expected to hit the shelves this year? And can you even comment on whether it's sort of in the core confectionery sort of wheelhouse? Or is it something more on the fringe like a spreads-type thing, I thought, I'd give it a try?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, well, we'll probably not -- we're probably not going to talk about that quite yet but because we want do a really good job with the release and announcement of that. So obviously, you get a chance to see that it's later in the year. But the things that we're currently doing, we continue to feel really good about getting off to a great start and advertising on spreads is starting -- I think, it's about February, when we begin to see some other incremental advertising on some of the other things we're doing. It's a consumable spreads product start to shipping in November, but it's really building, its presence now and on the front end and so on. But we've got plenty of things to keep us busy and we'll make sure that when we get ready with our new item later in the year that you won't miss it. I'm certain of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Palmer of RBC.
David Palmer - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question on advertising. Hershey has, obviously, over the many years, you have been getting more consumer focused and centric in your approach. You have been going from the low-end of peers to the high-end on ad spending. While you're continuing to ramp that, at least as high as sales, perhaps the massive increase is over and with that in mind, are you seeing less obvious ROI on incremental ad spending in certain areas, perhaps in the U.S. market, perhaps with the new age media that's -- and the less live TV watching so to speak that's going on out there, are you finding efficiencies in certain areas, while expecting to ramp up and others? Just any sort of color about ad spending because one question that will come up is with less advertising ramp, does that mean less core growth? And what would you say to that concern?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we look at ROI on our advertising very carefully. We, of course, the mix moves around, so it's not always on the same things. But when you get a brand towards sort of the top of the curve and it’s at a sustaining level, it doesn't mean, you get to a sustaining levels on things begin to decline. So you look at those things all the time, so we're very rigorous with our models on how we advertise -- or how we analyze ROI. So I feel very comfortable with that. I think an important thing that you mentioned is how does media evolve and are we participating in ways where we think, we have our most effective media. So one of the things that we do is, where we believe we aren't getting the ROI that would like to get, we look at, how do we use alternative media types, how do you add digital to that, we're continuously learning on our brands on a big brand like Reese's, 10% of its budget is in digital. And we continue to learn there. I wouldn't tell you that many people and I wouldn't claim that we've mastered all of the evolution of digital, but we look at the ROIs on that as fast as we can. We feel that we're doing the right thing there as well, so I think that with -- you can't make assumptions that just because you get to the sustaining levels means all of a sudden that mean the brands going to decline, but it also means that you can look at that and plus and minus, how you're doing. It's all driven by a combination of ROI and marketplace need.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions. First, J.P., you gave us an outlook for the category next year. I think it was 3.5%, 4%, 4.5% type growth. As we think about this category growth, are you expecting pricing to be a component of it? Or is that all volume-driven?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we don't -- when we gave our guidance, we don't include anything that would be M&A or pricing-oriented, it includes what we believe FX impact will be, so that's not in those numbers.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm not referring to your guidance, I'm referring to your outlook for the category.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, in the outlook for the category would not have pricing as a component.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And now, I'm going to turn to international. With it becoming such an important piece of the story here, particularly from a growth perspective, I was hoping you can give us a little bit more detail on it? And specifically, can you give us a sense of this 16% growth? This 25% in China, Brazil and Mexico, and 45% in China. How much of that is distribution related versus just the core? And also, can you give us a sense of the magnitude or scale of these 3 markets relative to the $807 million figure you gave overall?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I'll tell you what was -- let's take advantage of Bert being here and he can chat about that, and I'll fill in, if it is appropriate.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I would tell you that if you look at Mexico and Brazil with respect to distribution versus new and versus just core growth, non-distribution, it's largely all volume and not a lot on the distribution piece. China is quite different, where we're still expanding into more cities and so of the China growth, about 1/3 of that would be additional distribution, with the rest being velocity increases driven by advertising and some new brand activity, J.P. already mentioned. We launched Hershey's Drops, we launched a test market for Reese's as well as for IP mints [ph] and towards the end of the year, Kisses Deluxe.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Any color on the size of the market?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we are not a segment reporter, although I am sure, we'll get there in due course, but the only thing that we would continue to say is that we're shooting very close to that $1 billion mark, which we've been targeting for 2014. Among those, I would say that China and Mexico are the bigger countries with Mexico still being our biggest outside of the U.S. and Canada, although, that probable change as we get into that. And we'll give you a lot more color when we get to CAGNY, I think, with respect to the different countries. And while Brazil grew very quickly last year, despite the FX impact, it's the smaller of the three.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a follow-up on international. You talked about accelerating growth in your key emerging markets through the year and sustaining some of that momentum into 2014, which obviously, runs a little bit counter to what we are hearing from other consumer companies or specific categories. Does your outlook for close to 20% sales growth, reflect the view that the categories aren't showing any -- that your categories aren't showing any evidence of slowing? Or does it reflect an expectation maybe of even more robust or accelerated share growth over the next year?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes I think, what you're hearing about emerging markets could be different based on the categories across different CPG companies and what their maturity and development is, so our category and this is one of the things that I think, makes it an advantaged category at this point in time in history. Is the category still relatively modest in a number of these markets? Consumers are participating in the category with greater frequency and we continue to expand portfolio offerings as we go. So again, I think, they're very constructive markets in that's, it's not a battle for market share in a stagnant or challenge environment. It's really about building brands, it's building the category, it's being rational and consumers come to the category. So I think that's why, when you hear, the players in the category talk about it, you'll probably here some things that may seem to be a bit disconnected from the total and I'm not to say that we're immune from all things, but I just think, the category dynamics are quite different than a number of other categories and that's really why you hear some of these different commentaries.
Humberto P. Alfonso: And I think, the other thing, when we talk about the 15% to 20%, that does include FX. I mean, we continue to see very good growth in local currencies.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Apologies, if I missed it, but can you give us a sense of what you are expecting in terms of FX headwind to sales for next year?
David W. Tacka: We didn't say that but at current exchange rates that would be 0.5 point, but it will be heavier in the first half for the year and a little bit less in the second half.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So close to 5% impact on international then?
John P. Bilbrey: 0.5% on consolidated.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Consolidated company.
John P. Bilbrey: Total.
Mark K. Pogharian: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: While we've got both on the line, can I ask one more question related to the Shanghai Golden Monkey acquisition? Specifically, how it affects the margins trajectory in China? I think, before the acquisition was announced, it was going to be a few years before breakeven was achieved in the country. Presumably the acquisition puts you on a different trajectory here, maybe you could comment on that?
David W. Tacka: Yes, I think you got it right. We are obviously in a much more of an investment mode in the chocolate side of the business, which is our current business. And we already mentioned Shanghai Golden Monkey would be slightly accretive, if you exclude any of the onetime charges for integration post approve and post-closing. So it will help that along at a little bit quicker pace than we would have had without the acquisition.
Mark K. Pogharian: Okay. Thank you very much for participating in today's conference call. Investor Relations group will be available all day for any follow-up calls you may have, and we'll see you all at CAGNY.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David W. Tacka - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Strelzik Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phyllis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company's Third Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Phyllis. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Dave Tacka, Senior Vice President and CFO, and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on our current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2012 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2013 third quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $5.9 million or $0.01 per share diluted, which were related to costs associated with the Project Next Century program, non-service-related pension expense, and acquisition and integration cost. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, I'll turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark. I want to thank all of you on the phone and webcast for joining us today. Hershey had another good quarter with organic net sales of 6.6%, driven by core brand and new product volume growth, resulting in adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.04. And I'm pleased with our marketplace results as we gained market share in every major channel within the segments of chocolate, mint and gum in the third quarter and year-to-date period. Specifically, Hershey's CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, xAOC+C-store retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending October 5, 2013 in channels that account for about 90% of our U.S. retail business was up 5%, resulting in a 0.7 point market share gain. Year-to-date, Hershey U.S. retail takeaway and market share is up 6.7% and 1.2 points, respectively. Third quarter CMG category growth in the xAOC+C channels was up plus 2.5%. However, similar to the last few years, gum continues to be a drag on total CMG performance, and excluding it, the category was up 3.9%. Hershey's Q3 xAOC+C chocolate retail takeaway was plus 5.2%, resulting in a gain of 0.5 points of chocolate market share. Core brands such as Kit Kat and Reese's, as well as Brookside, all gained share. Third quarter non-chocolate candy or NCC, xAOC+C category growth was plus 3.5%. Hershey NCC new products in 2013 consisted of Twizzlers Bites and Jolly Rancher Bites in take-home pack types only. As a result, we did not keep up with category growth. Additionally, we're also lapping very successful year-ago NCC innovations and promotions, hence, Hershey's NCC retail takeaway in Q3 was up less than 1%. This resulted in a market share loss of 0.5 points. As some CPG companies have noted, Q3 FDMx traffic was mixed. However, Hershey's Q3 FDMx CMG growth was 3.4%, resulting in a market share gain of 0.4 points. Here, our results were driven by the food class-of-trade, which generated solid CMG retail takeaway of 5.1%. As it relates to Halloween orders, merchandising and programming, we're executing on the plans agreed upon with our retail partners. Sell-through is on track, and we believe we have the right mix of seasonal-specific advertising, coupons and programming support that sets the stage for another winning season. We will not have a complete read on sell-through for another couple of weeks, but our preliminary analysis indicates that our Halloween market share in xAOC is projected to increase for the sixth consecutive year, and that will build on our 38 share of this important season. In the C-store class-of-trade where there isn't a big seasonal sales impact, Hershey performance was strong, with Q3 retail takeaway up 5.7%, resulting in a market share gain of 0.7 points. Our C-store chocolate and mint retail takeaway was particularly solid, up 7.9% and 5%, respectively. These gains were driven by core brands that were supported by advertising, in-store selling, merchandising and programming. In the U.S. marketplace over the remainder of the year, we have many exciting products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels, including things like the continuation of the Kit Kat Android K promotion, where consumers can win tablet computers, Kit Kat Minis and other prices. There's a Reese's NCAA Football promotion featuring a game day tailgate prize package and the opportunity to win season tickets. And strong plans for successful Halloween and the holiday seasons are in place. And we continue to feel very good about our brand building. Full year advertising expense is expected to increase 22% to 23% in 2013, greater than our earlier outlook of about 20% increase. This investment should benefit the category and our business in Q4 and enable us to get off to a good start next year. Brookside continues to do well and we've begun to ship an instant consumable 3-ounce pack type initially targeting the C-store channel. In 2014, we expect FDMx channels will also be interested in this pack type for secondary, high-traffic placement. We're still managing, merchandising and programming of the 7-ounce package to ensure product presence remains in the candy aisle of all targeted stores. Repeat purchases are on-track, and we continue to anticipate that Brookside will continue at least 1 point of total company sales growth in 2013. Looking North, our business in Canada continues to build on its momentum. Specifically, our combined candy and mints market share is up 0.4 points year-to-date and about 0.15 points away from becoming the leader in Canada. In Q3, Hershey's, Reese's and Oh Henry! net sales on a local currency basis increased high mid-single-digits. Chocolate retail takeaway remains strong, with market share up 0.3 points. Our sweets and refreshments market share increased 0.8 points, driven by solid Ice Breakers and Jolly Rancher performance. As expected, outside of the U.S. and Canada, international net sales accelerated and were up 14%, led by China, Mexico and Brazil. Export markets also performed well with sales trends nearly doubling in the third quarter versus the first half of the year. Looking at some of the focus countries. China chocolate category growth accelerated in Q3 and year-to-date, the category is up about 12%, the categories developing as anticipated with instant consumable and take-home growth outpacing gifting. Hershey's third quarter retail takeaway was solid and our year-to-date results are in line with our full year expectation of achieving chocolate growth of at least 4 to 5x greater than the category growth. Per Nielsen, our national share is just above 7%, driven by the Hershey's and Kisses brands, which have each gained 0.9 market share points this year. We've carried our retail momentum into the fourth quarter and have begun shipping Hershey's Kisses Deluxe and Hershey's Drops. Additionally, the fourth quarter will also benefit from an earlier Chinese New Year, giving us confidence that we'll end the year strongly. In Mexico, Hershey's Bliss and Kisses are having a solid year. In the modern trade, our Q3 and year-to-date chocolate retail takeaway was about double the category growth rate, resulting in a market share gain of 1.8 points. Our overall chocolate market share in the modern trade is about 21% and the Hershey's franchise surpassed one of our competitors to become the #1 chocolate brand in these channels. Consumer testing and validation of Reese's, primarily in the C-store channel, is progressing and should be a future enabler as we track towards our 2017 goals. Our Mexico non-chocolate candy growth has not kept pace with chocolate; however, we have new product launches in Q4, as well as related marketing support that gives us the opportunity to end the year with momentum. In Brazil, Hershey bars, tablets and Mice are on track. The chocolate category in Brazil is up about 8% to 9% in 2013 and Hershey retail takeaway is about double the category growth rate, resulting in a 0.3-point market share gain. We feel good about the progress we're making in our International businesses and we like the growth outlook and prospects in the markets of China, Mexico and Brazil. Additionally, in a press release earlier this month, we announced that we'll be building a manufacturing facility in Malaysia to support our growing business in the Asia Pacific region. Outside the U.S. and Canada, we expect that our International business will be up about 15% this year, putting us on track to achieve about $1 billion of net sales by the end of 2014. Now to wrap up. I'm pleased with our performance given the macroeconomic challenges that consumers and retailers are facing. As I stated earlier, over the remainder of the year, we have solid merchandising and programming in place to drive core brands and new products in both U.S. and international markets. The fourth quarter has gotten off to a good start. Halloween is tracking as expected. The holiday season is shaping up to be better than last year, and we'll begin shipping some select 2014 new products. Therefore, we expect full year net sales to increase about 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We have good visibility into our cost structure and expect to achieve adjusted gross margin expansion of 240 to 250 basis points that should result in 2013 adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of about 14%. As we look to 2014 and beyond, we will continue to focus on U.S. core brands and leverage Hershey's scale at retail. Our International business continues to progress and we're optimistic about the potential to accelerate our international presence behind our disciplined approach to organic investments and acquisitions or joint ventures. We believe the investments we've made and will continue to make have resulted in an advantaged business model, enabling us to deliver predictable and sustainable results. As a result, this gives us the confidence to increase our annual long-term earnings per share diluted target to 9% to 11%. In 2014, we'll continue to focus on core brands in both the U.S. and key international markets. Additionally, we have a solid pipeline of new products including York Minis, Hershey's spreads, Lancaster Soft Crèmes caramel, as well as some yet to be announced products. And therefore, we expect innovation to contribute meaningfully to our net sales growth in 2014. As a result, we expect 2014 net sales growth to be within our 5% to 7% long-term target including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. As has been the case for many years, Hershey is a gross margin-focused company. We have solid productivity and cost savings initiatives in place, and while early in the planning cycle, we expect adjusted gross margin expansion next year that will drive 2014 growth and adjusted earnings per share diluted in the 9% to 11% range, in line with our long-term target. I'll now turn it over to Dave, who will provide you with some additional financial details.
David W. Tacka: Thank you, J.P., and good morning, everyone. Hershey posted another quarter of solid results, with consolidated net sales of $1.85 billion, up 6.1% versus last year, generating adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $1.04. Net sales growth in the quarter included 6.6% organic growth, offset by an unfavorable foreign currency exchange impact of 0.5%. The organic net sales growth included growth in the U.S. and international markets that were within our targeted ranges. Core brand and new product volume growth totaled 6.1 points, while net price realization, primarily in the U.S., was a 0.5-point benefit. The Brookside business continues to do well, contributing 0.5 points to net sales growth in the quarter. Note that Brookside's net sales in the third quarter of last year included an additional month of sales as we completed the integration of the Brookside business into our financial and business processes. For the year-to-date period, Brookside has contributed about 1.3 points to our net sales growth. Turning now to margins. In the third quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 300 basis points, driven by lower commodity costs, favorable sales mix, supply chain productivity, cost savings initiatives and fixed cost absorption from volume gains. Input cost deflation of about $33 million was in line with our estimates, and there's no material change to our input cost outlook over the remainder of the year. Given year-to-date results, we now expect adjusted gross margin expansion of 240 to 250 basis points, which is greater than our previous estimate of 220 to 230 basis point increase. Adjusted EBIT increased 11.8% year-over-year, generating adjusted EBIT margin of 20.3%, 100 basis points higher than the third quarter of 2012. This increase is driven by the gross margin improvements. Adjusted SM&A expenses increased 15.2% versus last year as a result of increased advertising spending and higher SG&A spending. Advertising expense in the third quarter and year-to-date period increased 22% versus a year ago. For the full year, we now expect advertising expense to increase 22% to 23% versus our previous estimate of about 20%. We continue to believe that the advertising activities are a key factor in our sales growth and in our momentum in our focused international markets. In the third quarter, adjusted SG&A, excluding advertising, increased 12.3% versus last year, less than our estimate of about a 20% increase due to timing. In the fourth quarter, we expect another meaningful increase in this line item. These investments in non-advertising brand building and go-to-market capabilities in both the U.S. and international markets, will benefit the company in the near and long-term. Now let me provide a brief update on our International business. As expected, net sales outside the U.S. and Canada accelerated in the third quarter, increasing 14.2%, driven by gains in China, Mexico, Brazil and our overall export business where sales trends nearly doubled in the third quarter versus the first half of the year. We continue to make progress in the 4 focused markets of China, Mexico, Brazil and India, which collectively posted solid net sales growth of 22%, driven primarily by Hershey's and Kisses. We expect international sales to sequentially improve again from the third to fourth quarter, given new product launches, core brand growth and our solid seasonal plans. For the full year, international net sales are expected to increase about 15%, continuing toward our goal of $1 billion in net sales by the end of 2014. Moving down to P&L. Third quarter interest expense of $21.8 million declined slightly versus $24.5 million last year. In 2013, we continue to expect interest expense to be approximately $90 million to $95 million. The tax rate for the third quarter was 33.3%, and lower than the year-ago period of 36.1%, due to timing of certain discrete tax items. We now expect the full year adjusted tax rate to be about 34.5%, slightly lower than our previous estimate. In the third quarter of 2013, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 227 million shares versus 229 million shares in 2012. Let me now provide a quick recap of our year-to-date adjusted results. Net sales for the company increased 6.1%. Adjusted EBIT increased 10.8% resulted in an adjusted EBIT margin gain of 80 basis points. Advertising increased 22% on a year-to-date basis, relatively in line with the percentage now forecasted for the full year. Year-to-date adjusted gross margin was 46.8% versus 44.0% last year, a 280-basis point gain, driven by lower commodity costs, supply chain productivity, favorable sales mix and fixed cost absorption. Year-to-date, adjusted earnings per share-diluted increased 14.4% to $2.86 per share. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow. Net trading capital was flat versus the year-ago period. Accounts receivable was higher by $10 million as a result of increased sales and remains extremely current. Inventory was higher by $36 million and accounts payable increased by $46 million. In terms of other specific cash flow items, total capital additions, including software, were $70 million in the third quarter. In 2013, we expect capital additions to be approximately $320 million to $330 million. As we announced earlier this month, we will be building a confectionery manufacturing facility in Johor, Malaysia, to meet the growing consumer demand for our products in our fastest-growing region. This will be a $250 million investment upon completion in 2015. Included in our 2013 capital expenditure budget is about $35 million related to this project. The majority of the investment, $120 million to $140 million, will occur in 2014 with the remainder in 2015. Depreciation and amortization was $52 million in the third quarter. In 2013, we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of about $200 million to $210 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $105 million. Cash on hand at the end of the third quarter was $701 million. We did not acquire any stock in the third quarter related to the $250 million outstanding repurchase program. Now to summarize. We are pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results. Halloween has gotten off to a good start, and over the remainder of the year, we have plans and investments to drive top line growth. Therefore, we continue to expect full year net sales to increase about 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We have good visibility into our full year cost structure, and there is no material change to our input cost outlook for 2013. Given year-to-date results, full year adjusted gross margin expansion is expected to be 240 to 250 basis points, slightly greater than our previous estimate. This increase, as well as the slightly lower tax rate, will offset the aforementioned increase in advertising expense and SG&A spending. As a result, the company continues to anticipate 2013 adjusted EPS growth of around 14%. As J.P. stated, we have also increased our long-term adjusted earnings per share target to 9% to 11%, based on our expectation of continued strong business performance. As we look to 2014, we have a solid pipeline of innovation in both U.S. and international markets. Additionally, we will continue to focus on our core brands and leverage Hershey's scale at retail. We expect 2014 net sales growth to be within our 5% to 7% long-term target. We have solid productivity and cost savings initiatives in place, and while early in the planning cycle, we expect adjusted gross margin expansion next year that will drive 2014 growth in adjusted earnings per share diluted of 9% to 11% within our revised long-term target. We will now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question about the change in your -- in the long-term growth goals. So in going from 9% to 11%, and I guess, maybe even more just looking at the goals you've set for between now and 2017, if I remember it right, you're expecting about $40 million to $50 million annually of productivity and gross margins to be, I guess, a little better than 43% by then. So could you just -- can you talk a little bit about whether that's changed at all? Are you expecting more productivity or better gross margins? Or is the higher growth goal a function of a more optimistic outlook on sales?
David W. Tacka: Well, I think as we go through it, I think our productivity outlook is still consistent with what we've stated. I think as we're looking forward with our sales growth and we're also looking at the leverage we would be getting in our SG&A, and hence making the change.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think -- I would just also add that we believe there'll be consistent top line growth, and that will reflect itself all the way through the P&L, and this is more representative of where we think our results have both been and where we think they'll be.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So is it -- I guess, is it fair to look at this and think that you're starting your outlook for the operating leverage you'll see in this international expansion is pacing a little better than what you were expecting when you laid those goals out about 1.5 years ago?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that we're pretty optimistic about what we've been able to achieve around innovation. As you know, in our long-term growth algorithm, we've always talked about it being about 1 point. We found ourselves doing pretty consistently better than that. We would hope that, that would continue to be the case. And then, of course, that innovation is across broader geographies than it has been in the past, so I think those things all lead us to -- we just have confidence in raising the long-term EPS guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: As you put up good volume growth this quarter off a significantly more difficult comparison. I'm concerned looking forward to next year. If you could give us -- first of all, maybe give us a sense how much of the volume growth this year has been Brookside. And looking into next year, like what inning do you think we are in that development. And what factors, maybe especially as you think about the second half of next year, give you confidence that we can sustain a level of volume growth that's like this, certainly above trend? Or maybe it's the case that it reverts back to trend. Any comments you could give me would be helpful.
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. I think the 2 things that I'd point out is Brookside is about 1.2 -- between 1.2 and 1.3 of our growth in 2013. It was less than that in the Q3 just because of the normalizing of that versus the base versus previous year. And then the other thing that we're very excited about is we're introducing things like Brookside 3-ounce, so that will be an instant consumable item, be largely focused on C-stores. But I would anticipate that, that would also be an instant consumable across other channels, certainly on the front end. We have Lancaster in China. Kisses Deluxe is happening in China. Hershey's Drops. Kit Kat Minis continues to be very, very well and we're on, certainly, the front side of that. We have some new things in our sweets and refreshment area around Jolly Rancher Soft Chewy Bites. That's also coming in, like a cup holder pack, which is a new package format for Jolly Rancher. We've got some new executions around Twizzlers. And then the one that I'm personally excited about is our Hershey's spreads product, which we're introducing now, the 13-ounce jar, and that has had great reception. It begins shipping in December, so we'll get the benefit of that in Q4. And then as that goes forward, we will also have another type of instant consumable pack that will go along with that, it's in 2014. So we have a lot of things that we feel really good about. And then there's a whole group of other 2014 products that I haven't included, but I think we've got a really full plate of things that we could do, and I continue to believe our consumer-centric approach to the business makes all of these things, as we like to say, stickier than we've been able to experience in the past. I think we continue to get better at that than we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Thinking about, I guess, building on the previous question and just thinking about the 5 to 7 top line target for next year. It sounds like from an innovation perspective, the pipeline is still quite full and perhaps you can still get above the kind of the 1% longer-term target from innovation that you'd like. I mean, thinking about some of the other components of the top line, I'm trying to get a sense of maybe what your expectation would be for category growth next year. Would you still expect some modest share gains as you've been able to do over the last few years in some of your core categories? And I assume pricing, at this stage anyway, given maybe where your visibility is around inputs, not likely a large contributor to next year either. So just trying to get a sense of the sort of the other puts and takes on the top line.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we're not going to, obviously, speculate around any pricing, nor does that makes its way into any of our planning. We continue to have good core brand growth this year. Our expectation is to continue to grow share in 2014 just as we have ahead of the category in '13. And I think that we model that the category grows between 3% to 4%, it's actually grown a bit ahead of that. And I wouldn't be surprised that it's -- we hear in the marketplace, there will be other people who are looking at innovation. I think news in the category is good. And I also wouldn't be surprised if we don't continue to see the overall advertising spend grow in the category. And in an expandable consumption category, that's good for everybody. So frankly, I would not only look forward to that if that happened, but I wouldn't be surprised if it didn't happen. And I think that will continue to underpin the overall health of the category. And don't forget, this is a great category for retailers. They make good money and they have the same vested interest we do in seeing it grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the $250 million CapEx investment in Malaysia and what regions that plant is going to support. And the reason I'm asking is, I think China is, right now, a growing business, $125 million, $130 million in sales. So is it -- is this plant going to support more than just China? It seems like it's an enormous investment for what is a pretty small business today. And I know China's growing. And I was out there, I saw Hershey's Kisses everywhere. But it seems like your sales growth slowed in the third quarter, and I wanted to know what caused the sales growth to slow currently.
David W. Tacka: Well, let me start off by addressing the capital. We have had a manufacturing facility, it's a joint venture with Lotte that is in China, and that facility is manufacturing our product for China, as well as for our exports throughout the Asian region. And as we've said, we expect the China business within the next few years to actually grow to our second largest business, and we need additional capacity. So as we're looking at this particular facility, we're looking at having that facility support our overall growth in Asian businesses in the markets outside of China, and that would free up capacity in the existing facility to be able to support our China growth. And also, for certain products for China, it would also be being supported out of this facility. So as we look at the growth expectations that we have in the region, and it is China plus our overall Asian market, we feel it's the appropriate facility and the appropriate location and size to serve our growth needs.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Let me build a little bit of that from a commercial perspective. So don't forget that what you're seeing in China today is a relatively limited portfolio. We continue to fan that around our core brands. And to be able to do that, that China manufacturing plant, which today supports exports also in the region, just doesn't have the capacity to do that. So that capacity in China really goes all to China, and we would expect the plant in Malaysia to also help us some there. So one of the things that happened in the quarter is, as we looked at some of our export businesses, we actually pulled some of those exports back, so we didn't supply them out of that China plant and we also didn't have the ability to do that because we don't have the Malaysia plant. So that's a bit in that number. But I think just from a macro level, if you go back and you think about this Brookside being normalized, with 4 months of business in the base in the quarter of previous year, that's 0.5 point. So if you just took the current organic growth and you added that 0.5-point, that's 7.1%. We feel awfully good about that performance. So one, I think in total, Asia, it gives us a lot better opportunity to have the right footprint, it allows us to expand in ways we're not expanding, and it allows us to have a fuller portfolio in China and then continue to build in the balance of the region. But if you put those things back together and you were to look at a 7.1% kind of number, that's certainly a good performance.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But John, how are your sales doing in China year-to-date? There's a talk of a slowdown in the consumer. I just wanted to get kind of a check in on that.
John P. Bilbrey: We're not experiencing that. And I think, again, it comes back to the fact that the category is growing really nicely in China. Depending on who you talk about, the category is growing at 12% to 15%. We're growing at 4 to 5x that rate. We continue to activate advertising. We're expanding the cities that we're in. So the size of the overall business there is still such that there's a lot of blocking and tackling that yields a very positive result, and these are accessible indulgences. So we're not going to experience the same kinds of things that industrial manufacturers are, and so forth. So people are participating in the category in an ever-growing rate. I think on the last call, I might have made this comment that you go back 5 or 6 years ago, and the category was about $500 million. Today, it's probably about $1.5 billion. And I'm talking chocolate only now. The sugar and confectionary is significantly bigger than that. So there's nothing about our business in China that I would characterize as slowing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on the gross margin outlook for next year. I know it's still early days here, but can you give us any read in aggregate of whether you expect to see modest inflation overall across your input cost profile? And then, just to ask specifically about cocoa. Obviously, we've seen it move up meaningfully over the past few months. Do you view that as more of a seasonal dynamic or should we think about that as sort of a stabilized run rate for cocoa, perhaps, going forward?
David W. Tacka: Well, kind of 2 things. As we said, we're early in our planning process and so we'll fill out some of the pieces around how much gross margin expansion in that when we talk to you next quarter. But we're far enough along that we're comfortable that we can see the growth rates and that we will be committing to for next year. With respect to the cocoa market, this is a time of the year that's just before harvest and there's a bunch of news that seems to come out every day. I think we'll know a lot more as the cocoa comes to market over the next couple months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two quick ones and then a longer-term question. First one, I think you talked about the export market versus the first half, but everything else was regarding a year ago. So what was the export business versus the third quarter a year ago?
John P. Bilbrey: I don't have, Eric, on the top of my head that specific question, but you could give Mark a call and we can get into that. But the way to think about it is that we had some export business last year that we felt was less strategic than meeting some of our requirements in our core markets, China in particular. So it was creating some complexity for us that we felt put some other more important strategic business at risk. And so some of that business, consciously, we started making some selections around. So if you think about our export business -- and those are profitable businesses for us, by the way. But the way that we started thinking about it is really prioritizing where around the world do we believe we ultimately will plant flag, and then some of the other businesses, we made some choices around, just to make sure that we could meet the requirements within our supply chains. But Mark can give you a very specific answer around that.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's fine. And then you noted some pipeline fill in the fourth quarter. Did you quantify that? Did I miss that, like either what...
John P. Bilbrey: I didn't quantify it, but as we thought -- as we have looked at our overall guidance of being around 7%, certainly, those are included. And we have a number of things, as -- I had a fairly lengthy list earlier, things that are happening in the fourth quarter. But certainly, amongst the largest of that is Hershey's spreads, which begins shipping late November, early December.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just, I think going back to Bryan's question, I think it's -- for a company to change their long-term targets, it's a pretty big deal, and so I want to dig into it a little bit more. First off, is there any changes in your long-term assumptions around nonoperating items? So as you get international, are you now assuming the tax rate can come down? Is the balance sheet maybe being used a bit more aggressively to repurchase shares? Maybe that's the first question.
David W. Tacka: Well, I think as we go through and we look at it, the change is primarily driven by how we see the sales and the SM&A expenses and how we get leverage on that. And then beyond that, as we grow, there could be some changes in the tax rate, but that's not the primary driver.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then at CAGNY, I think you had actually lowered a bit your expectations for margins coming out in the international EM businesses from a mid-teens target to low double digits, and this would seem to kind of reverse that. At the same time, I think as Matt pointed out, that cocoa seems to be now moving up. So I'm a little unclear as to kind of if -- unless you've reversed that, I mean what -- I don't really understand what is the new driver of the higher-margin expectation.
David W. Tacka: From what we've said in the gross margin, we've really not changed our gross margin view, which is the kind of thing that you would be seeing with respect to the international. I mean, our view is consistent still with what you said that we would expect to be driving to a low double-digit in our international markets. But our gross margin is not changing as we've outlined this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: John, I'm just wondering if you could speak a little bit to your opportunities in the U.S. convenience channel. And it's been 5 years of some pretty solid and stable market share gains there. Where do you see the next opportunities for growth in that channel going forward? Either in terms of absolute growth or market share gains?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that, we, over the last couple of years, have gotten greater penetration in terms of just total stores covered. I think that continues to be an opportunity for us. And then I think as we look at SKU productivity and we look at being able to get things like Brookside into an instant consumable package, Jolly Rancher getting into what would be thought of as a car cup-type pack, Twizzlers, which has largely been, as an example, a lay-down pack. We've also got some of those, what we call chews, and so forth, that come in a package that hasn't been available in the C-store channel historically. So I think packaging will play a role for us in that channel that leads us optimistic. And then I think our coverage and the way we merchandise in the channel continues to be a big opportunity for us. And then I just think in terms of macro consumer trends, we continue to -- our category continues to stay on the menu of consumers. So even as the format of convenience changes, I think for us, the environment continues to be very, very positive. So I wouldn't expect any kinds of disruption, which allows me to be optimistic about the other things that I just talked about.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just one follow up, in terms of long-term guidance in the Malaysian facility. So it seems like it's a pretty big investment. And the way you're discussing the long-term margin outlook, are you not looking for a cost benefit long-term in the manufacturing segment in Malaysia facility? And it seems like you'd get some leverage from that long term, at least in tax benefits. How are you thinking about that in terms of international cost?
David W. Tacka: Yes. Well, we have expected in our long-term guidance that we would continue to build efficiency in the Asian market, and the Malaysia plant is really just a continuation of what we're expecting to do there.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. In the long-term targets, John, that we talked about last year, I mean, we hinted to needing that facility anyway. So I mean it was already built into that 2017 target.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll of Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted just to say first off, congratulations on just continuing to execute the business plan. You guys are one of the few companies that I think just doesn't seem to have any problems. So congratulations on that, and a nice job. My question relates to 2014, and again, just Dave, you've got a couple of questions here on this gross margin. I want to ask just kind of -- I don't want to target a commodity, I just want to hear your thoughts about the commodity basket in 2014. I believe, just given your commentary, the short version of it is that the commodity basket for Hershey would be favorable. Would you agree with that statement? And then, can you guys talk a little bit about price and mix and your expectations in '14?
David W. Tacka: I guess, what I would say, David, is that as we're looking to 2014. As you know, we tend to take a view of the different commodity markets. And depending on those views, we will hedge from 3 to 24 months in advance. And obviously, we've continued to do that as we go forward. And so as we look at 2014, we will be completing that and we'll give you additional guidance and insight on that when we talk to you next quarter.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And how about the comments on price and mix in 2014? I mean, I think we haven't seen a pricing announcement, so I think that's pretty straightforward, unless I'm missing something. And then the mix issue, it seems like it should continue to be positive, but I'd really like to hear your thoughts.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think, David, if you look at -- if you really dig into the data over the last several periods, one of the things you would see is that some of the price -- some of the pricing information would look as though there's greater price realization, and what's happening is it's all coming -- a lot of that is coming out of mix. So the price per pound on some of the new things that we're introducing versus the average of what our line would've looked like, let's say, over the last couple of years, we're really benefiting from that. So even as we dig into the data, we're looking at some things that we're very pleased with we have -- of what the mix impact is. And then the other thing that just continues to hold true for us, and it's really a benefit in retail, but in terms of the percent products sold right off the shelf at full revenue, we continue to see that trend higher rather than lower. So you can read a couple of things into that, trade promotion is more efficient and advertising is certainly working. So those are all very positive things that are going on in the category, and I think that this is one of the benefits of what I would describe, as a more consumer-centric approach across the overall category, certainly, for our brands. But it's making the innovation better, it's filling white space, it's bringing people to the category, and then that is a higher order of mix impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You're holding a decent amount of cash still on your balance sheet, right? And I appreciate some of this is for the Malaysia plant. But even including that cost and after the plant is built, you'll probably, at least by my numbers, still have a lot of cash. So I know you've talked about this a little before, but can you add a little bit of color? What's your comfort level with this amount on the balance sheet versus the decision to maybe deploy a little bit either toward growth or returns to shareholders? And I think you said you didn't buy back any stock this period as well.
David W. Tacka: Well, what we've said and how we consistently look at this is we think that we have good growth opportunities, and so with our cash levels, that's how we would intend to deploy it. Some of that will be capital expenditures, and as you noted, the Malaysia plant. In addition to that, we continue to be working toward M&A activity that would fit our strategies and help us support our growth, and that is our primary focus at this point in time with the cash. Next, we did do a 15.5% dividend increase last quarter, and we've talked about our long-term target being about a 50% payout ratio in our dividends. And then beyond that, our next level would be to be looking at some share buybacks, but that's not our priority at the moment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions still standing, I guess. Malaysia, the plant you're building, should we expect any tax benefits on the back of this?
David W. Tacka: Yes. As part of that -- as it's up and operating in a couple of years, it will have a favorable tax impact.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Any chance you can kind of frame that up for us in terms of magnitude?
David W. Tacka: Probably won't do that at the moment. As we get closer to where we can see it, we'll talk about it more.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. I'm going to stick on CapEx for a minute. You -- I think you said around $320 million or $340 million next year with $35 million in Malaysia. It was just a couple of years ago that you were talking about CapEx stepping down to $140 million to $150 million by this year. I know you revised it at your fiscal '12 Analyst Day. But bigger picture question, what's caused the high -- the rising capital intensity of this business if Malaysia is only $35 million next year?
David W. Tacka: Well actually, the $35 million is for this year in 2013. What we've said is that we -- that there's another $130 million -- or another $120 million to $140 million that will likely be in next year. So that's just clarifying the years. But fundamentally, what's happened with the capital is that we are having additional investment in growth with the volume growth that we've had and with the international growth that we've continued to invest in that, as well as we've had investments that are supporting our productivity programs, and also to continue to focus on enhancing product quality.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Thanks for the clarification there. Sorry, I must have misheard. Last question, and I'll pass it on. Competitive dynamics in North America. We understand that Nestle's North America business is under new leadership. Mars looks like it’s gotten a little more promotional the last couple of months. Maybe it's just timing-oriented, but what are you guys seeing on the ground in terms of competitive intensity?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, if I think that I go back to the comment I mentioned earlier, we would have a sense that there's going to continue to be innovation in the category. Some of that, our competitors have announced some things that they are doing. And I would also continue to believe that there'll be investments in more communication with the consumer around advertising, digital, et cetera. So I think it will continue -- for me, it never feels like it's not competitive. But I would expect that the category continues to behave in a rational way and people invest in their brands. And as I said, in an expandable consumption category, that's always a good thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Andrew Strelzik: Andrew Strelzik for Ken. Following up on the last question, one of your competitors is entering the peanut butter cup category and supporting it with fairly meaningful advertising. Just wondering how you think that will impact the category, if we should expect any response from you. And if you could point to any similar events in the past and how that's played out.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, as you might expect, we'll continue to show up every day and execute the best we possibly can against the brands we have. And this wouldn't be the first time that a product similar to what's being introduced has been introduced in the market. But as I said before, competition is a good thing. News within the category is a good thing. And we'll all have to show up and do the best we can. I know that's what we're going to do.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can I ask about your acquisition plans in Asia and how they're evolving? And does the announcement of the Malaysia plant mean it's more likely that you're thinking about going it alone in the region or you're still actively looking?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, Alexia. We continue to be active and looking at what we think are opportunities that give us the capabilities to accelerate the growth of our business. Things that seem to give us either manufacturing, distribution, brand, certainly. All are things that we look at. As you know, while there's a number of the companies, they're not all for sale, but we're certainly active in thinking through and assessing what we think might be good for the Hershey Company. The good news is that on a parallel path to that, we have plans that we believe will enable us to continue to grow and we really have to be able to -- we have to have the capacity that this Malaysia plant gives us the flexibility to grow in the region and also develop new markets, as well as meet the demands of our China business. So you should just take all of these things as reflective of our optimism around our future.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you for joining us for today's call. We'll be available to take any follow-up calls you may have at the conclusion. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David W. Tacka - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phyllis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company's Second Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Phyllis. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Dave Tacka, Senior Vice President and CFO and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2012 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2013 second quarter results, excluding net pretax charges of $6.6 million or $0.02 per share diluted, primarily related to the costs associated with the Project Next Century, non-service-related pension expense and acquisition and integration cost. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. I'm very pleased with Hershey's second quarter results. Net sales accelerated, plus 6.7%, generating adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.72. We have momentum in the U.S. in key international markets, where our net sales growth in retail takeaway is exceeding category growth. In the U.S., with the exception of gum, the chocolate, non-chocolate and mint segments, increased at the high end of the historical category growth rate. This is driven by the rational investments we continue to see by most major manufacturers in the form of advertising, innovation and brand building initiatives. As it relates specifically to the Hershey products, Brookside and our new Kit Kat Minis are performing very well with trial and repeat ahead of our initial estimates. The U.S. is a growth market for the confectionary category, and we would expect that to be the case going forward. We believe retailers and consumers will continue to value the category, given its impulsivity and affordable price points. Now for some details on our overall marketplace performance. In the second quarter and year-to-date period, we essentially gained market share in every channel and segment where we compete: chocolate, non-chocolate, mint and gum. Nielsen's second quarter measures do not encompass the entire Easter season in both the year ago and current periods. Therefore, the majority of my remarks today will refer to the year-to-date marketplace performance for the 24 weeks, ended June 15, 2013. Total Hershey's CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, retail takeaway for the year-to-date period through June 15, 2013 in channels that account for about 90% of our U.S. retail business was up 6.8%, resulting in a market share gain of 1.4 points. As a reminder, this represents xAOC+C-store data consisting of the food, drug, MassX and C-store channels, plus the inclusion of Walmart and partial Dollar, Club and Military channels. Year-to-date, CMG category growth in the xAOC+C channels was up plus 2.1%. However, similar to 2012 and 2011, gum continues to be a drag on the total CMG performance and excluding it the category was up 3.7%. We're very pleased with the chocolate category performance specifically, year-to-date xAOC+C chocolate category growth was plus 4.0%. Hershey's xAOC+C chocolate retail takeaway was 7.1%, resulting in a gain of 1.3 points of chocolate market share. Core brands such as Hershey's, Reese's, Kit Kat, as well as Brookside, all gained share. Year-to-date, non-chocolate candy xAOC+C category growth was plus 2.5%. Recall, NCC year ago performance was exceptionally strong due to innovation that launched in the first half of the year and a longer Easter season. Additionally, in 2013, there's more chocolate activity than there is in NCC. Hershey's xAOC+C 2013 year-to-date non-chocolate candy retail takeaway was up plus 2.2%, essentially in line with the NCC category and our forecast. Our performance was impacted by the year-over-year timing of the significant Twizzlers promotion at a major retailer last year, as well as 2013 NCC innovation, which is only available in take-home pack types. As I'll detail in a minute, we have activity over the remainder of the year that will continue to drive strong results. Looking at the FDMx channels, Hershey year-to-date CMG marketplace performance was solid. Our retail takeaway of market share was up within all 4 segments and all 3 channels. Specifically, our year-to-date FDMx retail takeaway increased plus 4.8%, resulting in a market share gain of 1 full point. In the C-store class-of-trade, where the Easter impacts are minimal, CMG category growth accelerated in the second quarter and was up plus 4%, driven by mid-single digit percentage increases in chocolate, non-chocolate and mint segments. Similar to the last few years, the chewing gum category continues to struggle and declined minus 6.4% in the C-store channel in Q2. Total Hershey's C-store performance was strong with Q2 retail takeaway, up 10.6%, resulting in a market share gain of 1.9 points. Our C-store chocolate and mint retail takeaway was particularly solid, up plus 13.6% and plus 12.3%, respectively. These gains were driven by core brands that were supported by advertising, in-store selling, merchandising and programming. In the U.S. marketplace over the remainder of the year, we have many exciting products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels. Some of these include in-store merchandising and programming, as well as high-value coupons, promoting S'mores, Summer Fun, as well as the celebration of National S'mores day on August 10. A promotion with pop band, Gym Class Heroes, will rerecord 5 iconic summer songs, downloadable for consumers of Twizzlers and Jolly Rancher. The continued new product rollout in support of Kit Kat Minis in a stand-up pouch and king size offering. Our Reese's promotional tie-in with NCAA college football and strong plans for successful Halloween and holiday seasons. Brookside is tracking well, and there is full year launch support, including TV advertising, FSIs and sampling. Focused in-store execution by our U.S. sales force in the first half of the year enabled us to reach our distribution targets, although merchandising and programming are slightly below plan, as we manage inventory to ensure product presence in all targeted stores. Importantly, repeat purchases are tracking ahead of our plan. Brookside has been a benefit from a financial marketplace perspective. It's accretive to earnings, exceeding our acquisition model and has contributed about 1/4 of Hershey's year-to-date CMG market share growth of 1.4 points. We continue to anticipate that Brookside will be about 1 point of total company sales growth in 2013. Additionally, work is underway to determine opportunities outside the U.S. and Canada. Grounded in consumer insights, validation work has begun in select geographies to determine which countries offer the greatest payback and the timeline for entering these markets. Outside of the U.S., our international business was relatively in line with our forecast. China, Mexico and Brazil were standouts, with net sales up solid double digits on a percentage basis versus last year. The chocolate category in China continues to grow and is up plus 11% year-to-date. The category is developing nicely, with instant consumable and take-home pack types accelerating and outpacing gifting. Hershey retail takeaway is tracking as expected, and similar to the last couple of years, our chocolate business should grow at least 4 to 5x greater than the category growth. For Nielsen, our national share has increased and is just above 7%. We have merchandising, programming and innovation throughout the year, and believe we're well positioned to build on our momentum. Hershey's Kisses Deluxe and Hershey's Drops are scheduled to launch in Q4 and earlier this month. We began a soft roll out of our new Lancaster brand in China. Recall, in May, we announced the launch of Lancaster-branded milk candies. The milk category is about 1/4 of the total NCC market in China, roughly $1.2 billion. The premium segment within the milk category is growing 20% to 25%. We believe Lancaster will be successful, as it features a unique slow roasting process that requires high-quality milk and slow cooking, resulting in a distinct rich, creamy flavor. In Mexico, we continue to see strong growth in the Hershey's and Kisses franchises. In the modern trade, our year-to-date chocolate retail takeaway was almost double the category rate, resulting in a market share gain of 1.2 points. The Hershey's brand continues to perform well and Kisses had a standout quarter, driven by solid Mother's Day gifting. Consumer testing and validation on Reese's and Jolly Rancher is progressing as planned, and should be a future enabler as we track towards our 2017 goals. In Brazil, Hershey bars and tablets are ahead of plan and Hershey's Mice is on track versus our targets. Category growth and Hershey takeaway is up low double digits year-to-date. We have plans in place that give us confidence that our momentum will continue over the remainder of the year. And in Canada, we continue to build on our momentum as our CMG market share increased 0.4 points for the year-to-date period. Our Chocolate business gained plus 0.2 points, driven by Hershey's. Our sweet and refreshments market share increased 0.8 points, driven by Jolly Rancher. This brand has tripled the its household penetration over the past 3 years due to innovation, advertising, merchandising and programming. Now to wrap up. We're fortunate to be stewards of iconic brands that consumers love and trust. Confectionary is an advantaged category, is highly impulsive and is a destination category, especially in the second half of the year. It's expandable and profitable for the retailer and affordable for the consumer. Our commitment to the category and our execution of both headquarters and store level has resulted in strong results, positioning us to deliver another solid year. Over the remainder of the year, we have solid merchandising and programming in place to drive core brands and new products in both U.S. and international markets. Halloween orders are on track, and we have the right mix of seasonal-specific advertising, coupons and programming support that sets the stage for another winning season. Therefore, in 2013, we expect net sales to increase about 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We have good visibility into our cost structure, and expect to achieve adjusted gross margin expansion of 220 to 230 basis points. This is enabling us to continue to make SM&A investments across our business in both U.S. and international markets. As a result, we anticipate 2013 adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of about 14%. I'll now turn it over to Dave, who will provide you with the financial details.
David W. Tacka: Thank you, J.P., and good morning, everyone. Hershey posted strong results again in the second quarter. Consolidated net sales of $1.5 billion were up 6.7% versus last year. Adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.72 was up 9.1% versus 1 year ago. These results were slightly better than our expectations due primarily to strong retail takeaway and gross margin gains. J.P. provided details related to our marketplace performance. So I'll now focus on the review of the P&L, balance sheet and cash flow. As expected, second quarter net sales were driven by volume increases, a 6.6% benefit, including 1 point from Brookside products. Foreign currency impact was relatively neutral, with a 10th of a point benefit. The U.S. and Canada businesses provided about 85% of our net sales growth in the quarter. International sales, excluding Canada, were up 8%, and not an accelerator of sales growth in the quarter, primarily as a result of the seasonality of the businesses. Turning now to margins. In the second quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 290 basis points, driven by lower commodity costs and a more profitable sales mix, together with solid supply chain productivity and cost savings. Volume gains were a bit higher than our estimates, resulting in improved fixed cost absorption. Input cost deflation of about $29 million was slightly greater than our earlier estimates. For the year, we now expect adjusted gross margin of 220 to 230 basis points, which is greater than our previous estimate of 190 to 210 basis point increase. The improvement compared to prior estimate is primarily the result of an improved sales mix and higher productivity. There is no significant change from input cost deflation. Adjusted EBIT increased 11.5% year-over-year and the EBIT margin of 18.3% was 80 basis points higher than the second quarter of 2012. These increases were primarily driven by the gross margin improvements. SM&A expenses increased 14.8% versus last year as a result of increased advertising spending and higher SG&A spending. SG&A spending, which excludes advertising, increased about 12% in the quarter, relatively in line with our forecast. For the full year, we continue to expect that SG&A expenses on a percentage basis will increase at a greater rate than net sales growth. This spending, which includes staffing increases to support our global growth, as well as investments in market research, category management and selling and marketing capabilities in both the North American and International markets will benefit the company both in the near and long-term. From a timing perspective, we expect the Q3 increase over the prior year to be around 20% and the Q4 increase to be mid-single-digits, given the prior year's stepped-up spending in the fourth quarter. Advertising expense increased about 22% in Q2, in line with our forecast. For the year, we continue to expect advertising expense to be up about 20% versus last year. This increase continues to support our core brands, as well as the Brookside rollout and innovation. Advertising expense outside of North America is expected to increase 45% to 50%, primarily targeting brand building in our focused markets. Now let me provide a brief update on our international business. International net sales, which exclude Canada, increased about 8% in the second quarter. We continued to make progress in our focused markets, which achieved combined top line growth of around 15%. This growth was driven by strong core brand performance, primarily Hershey's and Kisses, and was in line with our expectations. We remain committed to these markets and will continue to make the necessary investments to build brand equity and drive trial and repeat purchases. We expect international sales to accelerate over the remainder of the year, given new product launches, core brand growth in focused markets and increasing velocities in the export markets that we entered last year. For the full year, based on current exchange rates, international sales are expected to increase 15% to 20% and are tracking to achieve the $1 billion in net sales target that we have for the end of 2014. Moving down the P&L. Second quarter interest expense of $21.1 million declined slightly versus $24.3 million last year. In 2013, we continue to expect interest expense to be approximately $90 million to $95 million. We continue to expect the full year adjusted tax rate to be about the same as last year. The tax rate for the second quarter was 35.7%, in line with our estimate and greater than the year-ago period of 32%, which reflected the timing and settlement of various tax matters. In the second quarter of 2013, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 227 million shares versus 229 million shares in 2012. Let me now provide a quick recap of our year-to-date adjusted results. Net sales for the company increased 6% in the first half. Adjusted EBIT increased 10.2%, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin gain of 70 basis points. Advertising increased 22% on a year-to-date basis, relatively in line with the percentage increase forecasted for the full year. Year-to-date adjusted gross margin was 47.1% versus 44.5% last year, a 260 basis point gain driven by lower commodity costs, supply chain productivity, favorable sales mix and fixed cost absorption. Adjusted earnings per share diluted in the first half increased 12% to $1.81 per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. Net trading capital was $25 million lower than last year's second quarter, primarily because of higher accounts payable. Accounts receivable was higher by $13 million as a result of the increased sales and the aging of accounts receivable remains extremely current. Inventory balances were lower by $13 million. In terms of other specific cash flow items, total company capital additions, including software were $65 million in Q2. These amounts included Project Next Century capital expenditures of $4 million. In 2013, we expect capital additions to be approximately $320 million to $330 million. Depreciation and amortization was $50 million in the second quarter. In 2013, we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of about $200 million to $210 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $91 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $102 million worth of our common shares to replace shares which were issued primarily in connection with stock option exercises. All shares were acquired in the open market. Cash on hand at the end of the second quarter was $568 million, relatively consistent with the prior year. The company continues to generate substantial free cash flow and has a strong balance sheet. As stated in this morning's press release, we have increased our dividend by 15.5% to a quarterly rate of $0.485 per share. The increase will put us more in line with our targeted dividend payout rate of about 50% for the 2013 fiscal year. The action reflects our confidence in the long-term growth potential of the business. Now let me summarize. Our U.S. marketplace performance in measured and non-measured channels is tracking a bit better-than-expected. We believe we'll maintain our momentum over the remainder of the year, driven by advertising, in-store merchandising and programming of core brands and new products in both the North American and International markets. As a result, we now expect 2013 sales growth of about 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We have good visibility into our full year cost structure, and there's no material change to our input cost outlook for the year. Given our strong first half results, we are now forecasting full year adjusted gross margin expansion of 220 to 230 basis points. Advertising will be up about 20% versus last year, supporting core brands, Brookside, and innovation in both the U.S. and key International markets. For the full year, we continue to expect SM&A, excluding advertising, to increase at a rate greater than net sales as we expand global go-to-market capabilities. Therefore, we now expect full year adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of about 14%, an increase from our previous estimate of 12%. We'll now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: J.P., I just have one question about the competitive landscape. There's been a number of pretty interesting new products, particularly, I'm referring to Snickers and Milky Way bite-size items, as well as other innovation in the category broadly. Could you comment on what kind of interplay you're having with the category right now, having told us that data, what effect that kind of competitions had on the category, is it growing it, is it not growing it? And then more broadly, if it is growing the category, all these new spending and innovation, where does candy stand right now relative to other sort of more ancillary competition at the front end of the stores sort of other snacking categories, what interplay is happening there?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, sure. Jonathan, I think that part of the magic of this category, of course, is the expandable consumption. So the fact that we're seeing quality innovation across the category, continued investment in advertising and promotion to support innovation, the category has cycled pricing, I think, quite well. I think all of those things are certainly good for us. As we see the categories resiliency across total snacking, we continue to feel very, very good about how the category is behaving and the quality of the activity in the category. So going forward, we're quite positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wanted to ask a couple of questions around the international business. So I guess, 2 things. One, if you look at the results with the focused markets up 15, but total international sales up 8, if you could just sort of bridge for us the difference between the 15 and 8. And then second, if you could just comment on in the focused markets, how much of the revenue growth is volume versus pricing? So are there any other price increases that you're taking in those markets?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, and I'll start with the second part of your question. So as most of these -- a lot of our growth there is really around expanding items. So price doesn't play the same kind of additive effect it might in another markets because you're introducing these new brands at a price point people are seeing for the first time. So it really is about gaining distribution, volume, and then of course, getting sales against those businesses. In Q2, we saw a little bit lumpier business around between our export businesses and our focus markets. And in our focus markets where we're advertising and putting a lot of effort, we felt terrific about our progress there. You heard my comment on China so you can kind of do the math on your own if the category is growing at 11% and we're growing at 4 to 5x the category. That's a pretty strong number and -- so in those markets, we continue to feel quite good about the progress.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A couple of questions on 2 different topics. Convenience stores have obviously been quite an important feature over the last several years. Could you just remind us of what the current convenience store share is in the U.S. versus the non-c-store share? And how much more room for expansion is there in that sector? And is that still significantly more profitable than the regular grocery channel?
John P. Bilbrey: So I'll start with just saying that -- because of the product mix in the C-store channel, we -- with it being into consumables, the profitability of that is very important to us. So from that standpoint, C-store is really good. On the chocolate business in C-stores, we have over a 50 share of the category. So our brands are quite strong there, and we continue to see good performance across the C-store channel. So in 2Q, where you don't have the influence of seasonality and so forth, our share was up across total CMG about 10.6%. Chocolate was up about 13.6%. So that segment for us continues to perform well. And the biggest observation, I would just tell you about the C-store, that whenever I meet with the operators, is that the total mix of their store continues to evolve as they increase the selection they have, and that's been, I think, a positive thing to keep people coming into the stores. And so in our category, we remain on the menu of people that come into the store despite the fact that they are increasing their selection. So I think, again, it just shows the resiliency of the category.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And then I have a quick follow-up. Where are you tracking at the moment in terms of new products as a percent of sales? And are you at your long-term goal at this point? Or do you expect it to go higher over time?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, Alexia, we've been very pretty fortunate here. As we said we want innovation to be about 1 point of our total growth on an ongoing basis. And as we were talking here, we think Brookside is an example, by itself, will be about 1 point. So innovation has been important to our overall growth over the last several years. And while you may see us do different things, our real focus is on trying to be very, very consumer-centric, do fewer, bigger, better innovation initiatives that will be sustainable. So again, I want to innovate -- I want to emphasize, it's not how many things we do as much as it is how successful are the things that we do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I have just 2 quick ones for you. I want to be clear on kind of the phasing of the gross margin for the year. You've had a great performance year-to-date. Your full year guidance assumes it comes down a little bit in the second half of the year, but that is the pace. I'm just curious, anything we should be thinking about in relation to that, the way the cost inflation phases or anything you could add to that?
David W. Tacka: Okay. Sure, Chris. The thing to think about there is as we said earlier, our productivity, particularly the savings around some of the last of the next century savings, was a bit phased earlier in the year. And so we had that, and we'd been expecting that it would be a little bit lower in the back half of the year, and we still expect that. The overall increase is really a function of some of the sales mix improvements that we've seen, and we are getting a bit more productivity. From an input cost standpoint, as we've said, we have good visibility of our input costs and really don't expect that to be changing from what we were expecting in the back part of the year.
Christopher R. Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I can have just one quick follow-up, and then just in relation to Brookside, as you've launched that product now across the country, is the -- I'm just curious about kind of the way that the growth is occurring, or the penetration is occurring by channel. So I'm just curious at the C-store performance versus, say, the grocery mass performance for that brand.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, during the introductory period, we haven't focused yet on C-store. You may find it in a C-store, but it hasn't been a big focus for us yet. It certainly will be, but we've seen great response to the product across channels. As you know, in the early life of that brand, it was more in club stores. It had some penetration at grocery, but our distribution capability has now made the brand broadly available. One of the things that we talked to you about earlier is, is that we doubled our capacity, but you have to remember that capacity doesn't come online on the first day. So some of the, I'll call it, pacing of depth of merchandising that we had anticipated, we've had to balance and pace a little bit differently just because the repeat has been very good. And then while we don't have a full set of data yet, given just the timeline of the product, very importantly for all the marketers is the repeat of repeaters. And I know it always sounds a little bit funny to say that, but repeat of repeaters is really exceeding our expectation and we feel quite good about that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You talked about getting to the upper end of the 5% to 7% top line target for this year, and you've said that Brookside will continue to be at about a 1% contributor. So in terms of the base business, is it that the category overall has accelerated beyond what you had thought originally? Or is it more a matter of just the share gains you've been taking and expect to take for the balance of the year are greater than you'd forecast? And then I just have a follow-up.
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. Andrew, I think it's actually both. I think the category continues to perform well because, broadly, manufacturers are investing in the category in a very positive way. And as you said earlier, advertising, innovation, et cetera, seems to be working well for everybody. So we would continue to believe that the potential for quality results around good growth for both the retail and ourselves. We're quite optimistic for that.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then it's way early, obviously, to start talking about '14 with any kind of specificity, but just from an input cost standpoint, would it be fair to say that on certain key inputs that you do typically have the ability to have more visibility around for a longer period of time that you're starting to get a bit of visibility, at least, around where things might shake out from a cost standpoint in '14 at this stage?
David W. Tacka: Andrew, as we've said, our strategy is basically we can -- where we can, we'll take coverage anywhere from 3 to 24 months. And so certainly, we are working through our normal process. We're reviewing the markets and beginning to lay in to establish our cost visibility for 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can you talk just a bit more about the scope of the opportunity for the Lancaster product in China? I know it's very early days so there's limited amount that can be said, but can you give us a sense of what level of distribution relative to the existing products that are in the market you'd expect to be reaching by year end or within sort of an 18-month time period?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. So as you know, we're continuing to grow our distribution capabilities all the time in China. We estimate today that the milk candy segment in China is about $1.2 billion. Today, we'll target largely the modern trade with the Lancaster product, but we also believe it should have legs with deeper penetration, and as an example, you might think of chocolate. So as we bring what we believe is a high-quality innovation to that milk candy segment, it should be good for us financially, as well as offer the consumer something unique versus what's available in the marketplace today. So we think that if we get the communication right, we believe we've got the taste texture profile right, and it's a bit of a soft launch. So we're expanding in a few cities first. It's a slow build. So I think what you'll see to part of your question is, really, '14 will be a much stronger push for us on that product. So it will be somewhat of a slow build early on. We hope to learn with that, but so far from what we've done, and this is a product, by the way, remember, we now have an R&D facility in China, and when the China R&D folks were here in the U.S., integrating into our R&D center here, that product was developed here, but it's really got developed by our China team. So we think this is -- this one has a lot of potential for us.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. And just very quick follow-up, with respect to the soft launch, I guess, does that imply that you're going to wait a while before doing any sort of broad-based awareness building advertising?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think once we feel is that we have the right level of distribution in those cities where we have the brand available, we would probably look at advertising.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, 2 quick ones. One, when you talk about the export markets being down, I realize it's probably pretty small, but is that a function of the India business and the anniversary of that JV not working out or...
John P. Bilbrey: No. Eric, it really has to do with what we would call unstructured versus structured markets. So exports in the structured markets is where we would be planting a flag, call it, where we would anticipate expanding a business in the future, and unstructured is really more where our brands are available because there's distributors or people who have kind of pull on that. And it really was more around those unstructured markets, where there were just some things that didn't repeat themselves that were in the base. So if you look at our total export business or if you look at that total international business, sorry, probably about 1/3 of that is the export piece, and then that's split again one more time between structured and unstructured. And so, again, I would just come back to the way I looked at it was the real focus markets that we had, we felt very good about the results we got.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just kind of a bigger picture, longer-term question, Mondelez's CFO at our conference in June pretty much kind of like his statement, and maybe you read it in our report, was regarding emerging market investments and spending or M&A, what have you, his quote was "The time is now and the window is closing." How do you -- like how do you think about that within the context of competition increasing in those markets for either local assets or share gains, and I think the company's obviously done far better than it's ever done in getting into the international marketplace. So for you, is it -- this is just absolutely critical and even if others do some irrational stuff around share, you just -- you have to answer? I mean, how do you -- how do we think about comments like that?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Eric, I really think about the quality of the activities we have as being important. So as we look at assets, it really has to be the right assets versus just racing to have something. And we've really learned over time that if we don't execute against our basic business model that we're succeeding behind in each of these markets, we just don't do that well and you don't have a sustainable position. So I actually believe that for us, it's so important that we continue to respect the fact we've got this very, very precious North American business, which is a real engine for us. We don't want to get out of balance or ahead of ourselves in a way that we can't recover. And so just as you look at our approach in China, while I always have urgency to go faster, I don't ever go faster than I think we can execute against our model. And because for us, that's all real net growth, doing it well and having a business that when we come out of invest mode or get more into a going-type operation, we can make money. So I'm far more interested in the quality of our expansion than I am the quantity of the expansion. And I'll just take advantage of this time to remind us that there's probably some legacy businesses that we felt pretty good about not participating in around the world. So for us, I think you'll continue to see a real focus on trying to get it right. We've got a lot of work in front of us. We think we're in the right markets. And when we get those right or we think there's opportunity, we'll expand but we'll do it in a way that we can continue to deliver over time quality financial results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I want to know, on Brookside, one of the surprising things for me is that it's a product that no one else seems to be copying right now. I don't see it in any other brand names, and it's really good dark chocolate over some pretty sharp flavors of fruit. And I wanted to know, how big of a market do you think you're really targeting here in terms of consumers? Like if Hershey chocolate targets just about everyone, it seems -- this seems to be a smaller subset of that market because the flavors are pretty sharp, and to be fair, it creates some mouth fatigue, some of the flavors create some mouth fatigue because they are sharp, and I want to know, do you think of it is as a niche category or do you think of it as a really broad category in terms of when you do your consumer work?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we actually think of it as a fairly broad, appealing brand both geographically, as well as within the demand landscape. So you have a couple of things going for this brand. You have the hand-to-mouth occasion. You have the halo effect of the anti-oxidant value of dark chocolate, and then the super fruit packed in the centers that consumers -- that resonates with consumers. So we think it's in a unique position across the landscape, and we also have a point of view that the positioning in concept could be broad. And so we always are asking ourselves, where could you go with this? Now that's definitely out in front of us. We have to succeed with the base proposition and define with the consumers what Brookside stands for, but we internally are quite encouraged by what we think is possible with this brand with all the consumer research that we've done. So that's how we think about it.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So you haven't heard any consumers coming back to you saying some of the flavors are sharp, and as a result, you can't pop into your mouth on an ongoing basis. It's not an issue for people?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, the good news is, is that, so far, it appears like people are -- to use your words, popping it in their mouth pretty broadly, and so that's what we would hope would continue to happen. As we look -- but more seriously, as we look at our likes and dislikes in consumer complaints and things like that, it's simply not something we've seen so far, but -- and hopefully, we don't, and we think, over time, there's the possibility to expand across other types of flavors and so forth. And we have a new initiative that will be coming up that you'll see in 2014 that begins to look at different types of centers and things around that same brand concept. So good heads up. We obviously have all of our antenna up -- but so far, that hasn't been an issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to ask a little bit more about the strength in the U.S. portfolio. Maybe there's kind of 2 questions wrapped up here into this question on the U.S. second quarter results. Our measured channel data was certainly indicating, I think something of a little bit stronger than what you reported. And I think this is just going to be the difference between shipments and retail sell-through, but if you could make some comments on that, that would be important. And then related to this overall strength in the U.S., frankly, we've seen something in our data that I just haven't seen in a long time with GOODBAR, HEATH, SYMPHONY and other brands that are kind of down the list of the big guys performing extremely well. Can you talk about execution and sustainability?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, so first of all, I think a couple of the comments you've made are probably directionally correct. We're seeing that our U.S. business contributed about 80% of the total net sales growth in the quarter. And what was very encouraging about that is the core brands performed very, very well in addition to what was occurring on our innovation. So really, we were hitting across all cylinders. If you recall, Dave, we had talked about how we've been rotating advertising support across some of those portfolio brands that we have that, I think, in years past, just because our overall approach, we weren't able to get much attention. And those brands, they typically have limited numbers of SKUs. They're really nice sized businesses, and they've responded very, very well to advertising. So I think our approach about rotating advertising across those brands, giving them some attention, is really what you're seeing that's causing some of that nice performance. And then again, we've continued to invest in our selling capabilities, and we've been very focused against having the common distribution, I'll call it, across more SKUs, across smaller retail outlets versus maybe sometimes seeing a mix of that distribution so -- that you'd see a more focused effort against what's in the store and then how we activate it is more broad than had been historically, and that's part of what's helping drive our business.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It sounds like top-notch execution. One final question -- go ahead, I'm sorry.
David W. Tacka: I was just going to address your question with respect to the retail movement versus our factory sales. And you're right, there's a timing difference between that, but some of the retail movement that you're seeing is also part of the -- what we're seeing that caused us to raise our sales guidance.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Very clear. Final question for me. J.P., did you say that Brookside was temporarily capacity constrained? I think you were saying that by -- the comment about the phasing of when capacity comes on and how amazing the repeat rates have been. But was the conclusion that may be for a very short period of time here, it's been a little bit capacity-constrained, but that goes away going forward?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, so far, David, we've been able to make it broadly available, but we've had to be very conscious about doing that. So we could, at this point in time, be merchandising the brand more aggressively than we currently are so that we can make the brand broadly available, and our capacity ensures that people can begin activating at a greater rate than they are today. We haven't been creating out of stocks as the brand has been available, but we've just been measured to make sure that everybody that wants it can get it, and then we do believe as we go further throughout the year, our capacity catches up. And obviously, we would love nothing more than to be creating even additional capacity if that's what's required.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, on your international growth, it remains really robust. Now you've talked about M&A as an enabler of expansion in the past. Given your organic success, is it causing you to revisit the prioritization of M&A?
John P. Bilbrey: I don't think so. We really look for opportunities to build capabilities, and the capabilities would be around distribution, manufacturing, and if appropriate, certainly, brands. So it's really a parallel effort for us. And kind of to the other question around raise the assets, we think what's really important is regardless of any assets we would look at, having the ability to execute our model to build awareness and build brands is really what we believe is the right way to succeed. So I hope that we'll continue to be able to assess things we think are good for our company as we look at different opportunities, and at the same time, we're going to make the right investments around growing our business organically.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Back to the U.S. real quick. I just talked with a few people in the industry recently who've expressed some concern about the impact of front-of-pack labeling and what it may mean to the growth trajectory. What have you learned from other markets, where this has been implemented for a number of years? Have you seen an impact on growth rates? Do you think it could impact the growth rate for the category of your business as you roll this out?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. As we've looked at the data on front-of-pack labeling, there does not seem to be a negative effect because there's front-of-pack labeling. And conversely you could probably say the same thing. As a company, we're not against what I would describe a right to know what is in the food of the consumers. It's a fairly logical question. How you execute against that and how you remain contemporary with questions consumers may have is what I think will be important over time. GMA is certainly looking at this. Our specific industry is looking at this. And as you get into the smaller pack types, you really have to ask yourself how meaningful or how much clutter can be added to the front-of-the-pack versus branding. So we're a branding-driven company. We wouldn't want to see things that de-track from branding, but frankly, I don't think the initiatives that we've seen today really do that. But what we have to be careful of is, is the intent of these things really driven at creating clarity in decision-making for consumers or are there other types of things that play in and so we're supportive of the efforts that GMA has put forth so far. At the same time, it's my personal opinion that there are probably more elegant solutions of how we create, call it, a portal or a place for consumers to go to, to better understand food with facts that are supported by generally accepted science so that they get the right information and can make the best decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Thinking about the alliance with Ferrero here, any updates there in terms of activities or progress on that front?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, the project that we've talked about is, is that we have this joint distribution project in Canada. It's really driven by a pre-competitive type of agreement, where we can create efficiencies around the supply chain. And at this point in time, that's really what we've worked on there. And as you see around the world, there are different alliances and things that manufacturers look at that are all pre-competitive that may make sense, be it packaging, purchasing and other types of things. And so we're very open-minded to those things on a going basis.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Really quick, I know everyone wants to jump onto a different call here. You said the chocolate category in China, if I heard you correctly, is up 11% year-to-date. Is that a slowdown in any way? I thought, last year, maybe it was up closer to 15%, but I just wanted to make sure of that data.
John P. Bilbrey: Ken, I don't have the exact number there. I'm more than happy to get it to you via Mark following the call. I think that the important thing to think about with China is, is that, today, there's maybe 300 million or 400 million people that participate in the category versus the total country. And so we believe brand awareness, category building is still very, very relevant and strong in China over time. So if there was a short-term change, I wouldn't read frankly anything into it and it certainly doesn't change in any way how we think about the potential of the market.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you for joining us on today's conference call, and we'll be available for any follow-up questions that you may have. Enjoy the rest of the day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Humberto P. Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phyllis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Phyllis. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; Dave Tacka; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2012. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2013 first quarter results excluding net pretax charges of $10.6 million or $0.03 per share diluted, primarily related to costs associated with Project Next Century, non-service-related pension expense and acquisition and integration costs. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. I'm pleased with Hershey's first quarter financial and marketplace results, which represents a solid start to the year. Despite a tough year-ago comp and a shorter Easter season, net sales increased plus 5.5%, driven primarily by volume. Sales growth in the U.S. and key international markets were on track versus plan and the broader launch of Brookside products got off to a fast start. Earnings growth was slightly greater than we anticipated, driven by solid gross margin gains. We're well positioned to deliver on our financial commitments in 2013, as the investments we've made in our business in Q1 and over the last few years continue to pay dividends. As it relates to yesterday's personnel announcements, I'm very excited. These moves are consistent with our philosophy of leadership development. These senior leaders are Hershey and industry veterans with deep knowledge of our business. They all had an integral role in the development of our integrated business management process and insights-driven performance model that guides all of our business decisions. Importantly, this will enable us to further leverage their unique skills to drive Hershey's accelerated growth as we evolve into a global company. Our company is structured for accelerated global growth, and we're fully aligned on how to achieve our goals. I look forward to working with all of my colleagues in building on our solid performance. Bert will provide you with financial details, so let me discuss category and Hershey marketplace performance. The confectionery category continues to perform well with recent gains exceeding the category's historical growth rate. The category continues to be driven by the steady investments in the form of advertising and innovation for most major manufacturers. Given the high household penetration, impulsivity, as well as affordable price points, we believe retailers and consumers will continue to value the confectionery category. In fact, Hershey's Q1 household penetration was solid and outpaced other snack categories. We're very pleased with our marketplace performance, and for the 12- and 52-week periods ended March 23, we gained market share in every channel where we compete. Additionally, Q1 market share gains, driven by volume, occurred across all major pack types, including standard bars, king size, take-home packaged candy and multi-packs. Before we get into the specifics, recall that in 2013, Easter occurred on March 31, and in 2012, on April 8. Therefore, the timing of Easter obviously has and will impact Nielsen and IRI data related to the March and April periods. Despite the Easter season being shorter versus last year, most customers had a higher percentage dollar sell-through versus last year. Preliminary analysis of the data indicates that Hershey's Easter market share was about flat and in line with our expectations. Easter timing aside, Hershey's marketplace performance was solid. CMG, or candy, mint and gum, retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending March 23 increased 9.4%. As a reminder, this is xAOC+C-store data consisting of the food, drug, MassX and C-store channels, plus the inclusion of Walmart and partial Dollar, Club and Military channels. Excluding Easter seasonal activity in both the current and year-ago period, a better, yet still imperfect measure, our retail takeaway was up 8.6%. Perhaps the easiest way to assess performance given seasonal timing, and therefore, noise in the data, is by looking at absolute market share results. We gained market share both with and without the Easter seasonal activity. All in, including the seasonal activity, Hershey Q1 CMG market share in the xAOC+C universe increased by 1.4 points. Including Easter seasonal activity, first quarter CMG category growth in the xAOC+C channels was up 4.3%. Gum continues to be a drag on total CMG performance, and excluding it, the chocolate, sweets and refreshment categories were up a combined 6.5%. Excluding Easter seasonal activity in the current and year-ago period combined, category growth of chocolate, sweets and refreshment was up 5.4%. Looking at the FDMx channel, CMG category growth sequentially improved, again, from low-single digits in Q4 to plus 4.2% in Q1. However, there is a bit of a benefit from an earlier Easter but it's evident that there is a correlation to seasonal candy being a destination category. Hershey continues to outperform the CMG category in the FDMx channels with retail takeaway of plus 9.2%, resulting in a market share gain of 1.3 points. First quarter xAOC+C category growth, including and excluding Easter, was up 6.9% and 5.4%, respectively. Hershey's xAOC+C chocolate retail takeaway, including and excluding Easter, was up 10.1% and 9.6%, respectively, resulting in an overall gain of 1.3 points of chocolate market share. Core brands such as Hershey's, Reese's, Kit Kat, Kisses, Ice Breakers and as well as Brookside, all gained share. First quarter xAOC+C non-chocolate category growth, including and excluding Easter, was up 5.4% and 5.3%, respectively. Hershey's xAOC+C non-chocolate retail takeaway, including and excluding Easter, was up 3.5% and 2%, respectively, resulting in an overall market share decline of 0.3 points. As it relates to the mint category, we continue to build our Ice Breaker Duos momentum. Specifically, our Q1 xAOC+C mint retail takeaway was 14.5%, with market share up 2 points. We now have a 39 share of this fast-growing $750 million category. In the C-store class of trade where the Easter impacts are minimal, the CMG category was up about 1%. However, this was significantly impacted by the double-digit percentage decline in the gum category. Excluding gum, candy and mint were up a combined 4.3%. Total Hershey C-store performance was strong with takeaway up 6.3%, resulting in a share gain of 1.7 points. Our C-store chocolate and mint retail takeaway was particularly solid, up 7.7% and 14.2%, respectively. These gains were driven by core brand advertising, in-store selling, merchandising and programming, including our successful Reese's promotional tie-in with the NCAA March Madness basketball tournament. In the U.S. marketplace, over the remainder of the year, we have many exciting products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels, and these include a Twizzler tie-in with the upcoming Superman movie; various promotions with the pop band, Gym Class Heroes, that were focused on the Jolly Rancher and Twizzlers brands; the Q2 launch of Kit Kat Minis and the standup pouch in king-size offering; a baking season ROLO Pretzel Delight promotion; and the launch of a yet-to-be-announced new product that we're very excited about. The broader launch of Brookside in the U.S. is on track. We reached targeted distribution at the end of February and began television advertising. Brookside is growing in all channels, including the established club business. Initial consumer response has been positive with all 3 7-ounce flavors in the top 10 chocolate pouch velocities in the food channel. Brookside is currently the fastest-growing dark chocolate brand in the xAOC+C universe and we're very excited about its potential. We anticipate that Brookside will be about 1 point of total company sales growth in 2013. In Q2, we'll be tracking repeat purchases and consumption patterns and will then have a clear indication of the brand's success. Outside of the U.S., our international business was relatively in line with our forecast. China, Mexico and Brazil were standouts of solid double digits on a percentage basis versus the last year, both on a reported and constant currency basis. In China, Hershey continues to be one of the fastest-growing international chocolate companies as our chocolate growth rate is more than double the category in the cities where we're focused. We had a good Chinese New Year season driven by Kisses. In Q1, the China Kisses business gained 1.2 market share points and now has a 5.8-point national share of the market. Advertising on the Hershey's brand, which started in Q4, continues and is having the desired effect. We're primarily concentrating on 5 Eastern markets, and we're seeing solid velocity and retail takeaway. In Mexico, we continue to see strong growth in the Hershey's and Kisses franchises. In February, during the important Valentine season, Kisses grew 16.7% in the Mexico supermarket channel and became the largest selling brand in that class of trade. And over the last 3 months in the C-store channel, Hershey's was the fastest growing chocolate brand with retail takeaway of 13.6%. In Brazil, we continue to build on our momentum. We've added advertising in Rio de Janeiro, and in the focus regions of São Paulo, Hershey has surpassed a local brand to become the third-largest tablet bar brand. The broader launch, related to increased capacity for Hershey's Mais, is on track. Product was available to customers in January, and the first quarter response was strong. And in Canada, we continue to build on our momentum as our CMG market share increased 0.3 points. Our chocolate business gained plus 0.1 points, while our sweets and refreshments market share increased 0.7 points, driven by Jolly Rancher, the fastest-growing candy brand in Canada, in addition to Ice Breakers. Needless to say, we're pleased with the direction of the business. There are exciting things happening in our focus markets, and we remain on track towards the aspirational goals we've shared with you over the last year. Now to wrap up. We're pleased with our Q1 performance. The strong start to 2013 is similar to 2012. The category continues to grow, and there's a lot of activity during the second quarter, which, once we get past, will give us a better perspective on our potential for the full year. The overall macroeconomic environment appears to be getting better, but it is still difficult to predict consumer sentiment and purchasing patterns. Over the remainder of the year, we've seen net sales growing comfortably within our long-term net sales target of 5% to 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. While it is still a bit early in the year to predict where dairy prices could go, we have good visibility into our cost structure and expect to achieve adjusted gross margin expansion of 190 to 210 basis points. This is enabling us to make SM&A investments, innovation, advertising, consumer promotions and go-to-market capabilities across our businesses in both the U.S. and international markets. As a result, we anticipate 2013 adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of about 12%. I'll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some additional financial detail.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Thank you, J.P., and good morning, everyone. First quarter results were solid, with consolidated net sales of $1.83 billion, up 5.5% versus the prior year and in line with our expectations. Adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.09, up 13.5%, was a bit better than expected due primarily to solid gross margin gains and the timing of some SM&A investments. J.P. provided details related to our marketplace performance, so I'll focus on the review of the P&L, balance sheet and cash flow. As expected, first quarter sales gains were driven primarily by volume increases that contributed 5.3% benefit, including about 2 points from the broader launch of Brookside products in the U.S. food, drug and mass channels. Net price realization was a 0.5 point benefit and foreign currency exchange rates was a 0.03 point headwind. We continue to see consistent growth in our key international markets as they contributed about 1.5 points of the already mentioned 5.3% growth, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Our U.S. seasonal business continues to be strong, as we followed up a solid fourth quarter holiday season with an improved Easter sell-through. As J.P. mentioned, initial analysis of the data indicates that Hershey Easter market share was about flat and in line with our expectations. It is worth noting that in a shorter season, we do not get the full benefit of our packaged candy line as purchase frequency is impacted by fewer days. Turning now to margins. In the first quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 240 basis points, driven by lower commodity cost of about $35 million and solid supply chain productivity. As previously stated, while it's still a bit early in the year to predict where dairy prices could go, we have good visibility into our cost structure and there is no material change in our full year outlook. Given our strong start to the year and solid productivity outlook, we now expect adjusted gross margin expansion of 190 to 200 basis points, which is slightly greater than our previous estimate of 180 to 200 basis points. The improvement in adjusted gross margin was the primary contributor of growth to adjusted EBIT, up 9.3% year-over-year, resulting in an EBIT margin of 22%, up 70 basis points over the first quarter of 2012. SM&A, excluding advertising, increased about 9% in the first quarter, less than our initial estimates. The lower SM&A was primarily due to the timing related to planned increases in staffing and capability initiatives that will increase our international expansion. For the full year, we continue to expect SM&A, excluding advertising, to increase at a rate greater than net sales. And we expect increases in Q2 and Q3 to be higher than the first quarter increase. These planned investments in both the U.S. and international markets should benefit the company over the near and long term. Advertising expense increased 22% in Q1, in line with our forecast, supporting core brands and new products. The annual increase in advertising expense remains the same and is expected to be up about 20% versus last year, supporting the Brookside launch and innovation in both the U.S. and key international markets. Now let me provide a brief update of our international businesses. We are pleased with the first quarter progress in our focus markets, especially China, Brazil and Mexico, whose combined top line growth exceeded 20%. We remain committed to these markets, and we'll continue to make the necessary investments to build brand equity and drive trial and repeat purchases. Total reported first quarter international net sales, excluding Canada, increased about 10% versus last year. Net sales growth in export markets, which continues to see good velocity of retail, tempered in the first quarter as we lapped prior year distribution gains. There is no change to our full year outlook and international net sales. And based on current exchange rates, we are on a path to achieve net sales of $1 billion in these markets by the end of 2014. Moving down to P&L. First quarter interest expense of $23.6 million slightly declined versus $24 million last year. And in 2013, we continue to expect interest expense to be approximately $85 million to $95 million. Our first quarter tax rate was 34.4% and lower than last year due to the timing of certain tax events. Excluding the tax rate impacts associated with business realignment and impairment charges, we continue to expect full year tax rate to be about the same as last year. The tax rate in Q2 will be about 35%, slightly greater than Q1 but higher than the 32% in last year's second quarter, and this tax rate difference will impact second quarter EPS diluted. In the first quarter of 2013, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately $228 million versus $229 million in 2012, leading to adjusted earnings per share diluted of $1.09. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the first quarter, net trading capital decreased versus last year's first quarter by $41 million; accounts payable increased $32 million; inventory decreased by $23 million; and accounts receivable was up by $14 million. Our accounts receivable remain extremely current. In terms of other specific cash flow items, total company capital additions, including software, were $94 million in Q1. These amounts included Project Next Century capital expenditures of $2 million. In 2013, we expect capital additions to be about $300 million. Depreciation and amortization was $49 million in the first quarter, all of which was operating depreciation and amortization as there was no accelerated depreciation in the quarter. In 2013, we are forecasting total operating depreciation and amortization of about $200 million to $210 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $92 million. Also, during the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $204 million worth of our common shares to replace shares issued in connection with stock option exercises. All shares were repurchased in the open market. Cash on hand at the end of the first quarter was $730 million, about the same as at year end. As it relates to our short-term cash needs, the company is well positioned to manage the capital needs of the business. Our cash flow remains strong, and we'll continue to increase as we grow our earnings. Now let me summarize. Our U.S. marketplace performance in measured and non-measured channels is tracking as expected. To enable our U.S. momentum during the remainder of the year, we have planned for core brand merchandising, as well as new product introductions. We expect growth to be driven primarily by core brand volume increases, the U.S. launch of Brookside in food, drug and mass channels and the expansion of our 5 core global brands in key international markets. As a result, we expect 2013 net sales to grow 5% to 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We have good visibility into our full year cost structure, and there is no significant change in our input cost outlook for the year. We continue to expect overall cost deflation in 2013, and given our strong start to the year, we are forecasting full year adjusted gross margin expansion of 190 to 210 basis points. Advertising will be up 20% versus last year and will support the Brookside launch and innovation in both the U.S. and international markets. For the full year, we continue to expect SM&A, excluding advertising, to increase at a rate greater than net sales as we plan global go-to-market capabilities and incur costs associated with the broader launch of Brookside. Therefore, we now expect full year adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of about 12%. We'll now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Market.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about, specifically, the costs per unit. And as those might course over the year, you've really seen -- I guess, my first question will be, this improvement in cost per unit you've seen here with 5% volume growth and a much smaller, I think, let's say, 1% group growth in adjusted COGS, how much of that is Project Next Century and how much of that is just, would you say, is input cost? And over the rest of the year, should we expect a similar trajectory in cost as we look at it that way?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Jonathan. We've -- we slightly increased our adjusted gross margin by about 10 points and, obviously, off an already strong level. In the first quarter, we actually saw very good performance on the productivity side, so we gave you sort of an indicator of the $35 million in terms of commodity cost reduction. But we did have really good productivity in the quarter as we were just getting underway in Next Century last year and starting up the plan. So we previously said that this year's total productivity included about $25 million of Next Century and about $75 million overall. I would tell you that the first quarter was a bit better than if you divided it by 4, so that certainly helped. And as we get through the year, your point is a good one, we also are getting -- it's largely a volume year as we see it at this point and we do get good absorption, particularly on our big brands like Reese's or Hershey, where we have great productivity because of the scale. What you expect to see going out further is probably a little -- a bit lower on the expansion in the second quarter because our volume tends to be the smallest quarter. And while we do produce a lot, that's mostly Halloween product, which gets hung up on the balance sheet and sells out in the third. So it should be solid all year long, little bit lower, certainly, in the first quarter and the second and solid in the back half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Hey, Bert, with your new role, can you talk about what initiative and strategy you'll be taking? And is there any different direction? Or how do you see your role going? I mean, it's a new position for you and I just want to kind of -- we may not get another conversation with you that readily, so I just kind of think about your big picture thoughts on what you're going to be taking on as President of International?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we've actually -- obviously, talked about a lot internally. I think part of what you're going to see is a lot of continuation because we've all, as a senior management team, spent a lot of time together on our international strategy. The intention of the role is a bit of our -- of how we're evolving into the international business. It does give us -- or will give me, obviously, the ability to look at Latin American and Asian regions on a more combined basis. We're very focused on the rollout of our 5 global brands that we started to talk about, about 6 months ago. And the good news is that we have very solid teams in place at both the Regional President level and below that at country management. And so we see that putting more resource as a company against that international growth trajectory. The ability to assess things across regions, which today we do, primarily at J.P.'s level, but now we'll have some extra insight against that. But I think strategically, you're going to see broad continuation. And obviously, as things evolve, I'll have the ability to assess where things may ebb and flow. But that's the way we're thinking about it.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Do you think there'll be more geographic expansion? And do you think there'll be greater probability of acquisitions globally?
Humberto P. Alfonso: We are already pretty focused on the markets that we talk about continuously, China, Mexico, where we're making our biggest bets, certainly followed by Brazil and a little bit slower burn on India. J.P.'s talked in the past about other markets that are interesting for us. There is a set -- there are Southeast Asian markets that are interesting, to a lesser degree, Eastern Europe. We know that Western Europe, not for us in terms of the cost benefit. M&A, we're focused clearly on trying to develop growth that's inorganic, primarily in our category and possibly adjacent categories where we can get some capabilities and local brands. So it'll be primarily in the focus markets where we are today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I looked at the Nielsen data and I got kind of a head fake by how strong it was. And even when you're giving us the information here, I'm a little confused. So if the category was up -- if your business was up in retail, 9.4% with Easter and still up 8.6% without Easter, but then your shipments are only up 5.5%. There must have been another element to this that caused you to be shipping below the rate of consumption. And I want to know, is there a mismatch on pricing? Maybe the pricing got pulled forward into fourth quarter for you, but the consumer saw something else in the first quarter. Is that what it is?
John P. Bilbrey: I think, Rob, the way to think about it is, first of all, we had -- we like to be able to ship to consumption as close as possible. It's always the goal. However, the retail takeaway was very broad across the entire portfolio and also across some of our biggest brands. So there's really 2 things to think about. First of all, in the quarter, you had a lot of price relative to what in the first quarter last year still would've had the promotional activity. We had some new item introductions in the first quarter that weren't in this quarter. And so you really saw at retail a higher percentage of products sold at full revenue, which is good for retailers as well. And then the other item was lower inventory. And so normally, we would probably have something in the range of 4.9, 5 weeks of inventory. And we believe this particular quarter, we had probably somewhere in the range about 4.4, 4.5. So that inventory was a bit lower, which also impacted shipments there as well. But we think those are the 2 biggest items that we have. I don't know, Bert, if you want to add any other perspective, but that's really what we're seeing. And so we feel quite good about the fact that the share results were what they were, and we don't see that we've got any issues in the marketplace in terms of not being able to supply demand.
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, J.P., that sums it up. I think the little bit of -- mostly the price that you're seeing is -- Easter was the very last of the seasons that we got a bit of price on. If you'll recall last year, the first one was -- or rather Valentine, sorry for the confusion. Valentine was the last season where we saw some pricing. While most of that ships in the fourth quarter, retailers see it in the first quarter. And so that's the bit of pricing that we did get. Otherwise, all the other pricing has slowed through.
John P. Bilbrey: No, we didn't get the pricing. It's what's scanned, what you would see in your Nielsen data.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Correct.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's what I thought. And -- but I think, John, you were saying -- or J.P., you were saying that there might have been some inventory burning at the trade. Is that what you were implying?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I wouldn't think of it as major burning, but what we did see is a lower inventory level than what is usual, and we really see it as being the strong offtake that we got. And then we have the ability, obviously, to come in behind that. As I said when I opened, we usually like to forecast as closely as possible shipments to consumption as we can, and in this case, Q1, as we had hoped, had a strong category growth and then we were able to obviously grow share during that quarter and build on top of that. And so it just took us to a lower inventory level than we're usually at. I think that really -- I don't think there's any mystery beyond that. I think that really accounts for the difference, if you look at the promotion pricing versus previous year and then the inventory drawdown.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I just wanted to ask about your investment levels in the markets outside of North America, particularly China. I know that when Campbell went into China and Russia for the first time, they were tapping investment levels at a certain number of pennies per share per year. I believe you're still in investment mode in China. Is the plan to sort of manage that investment at a certain absolute level going out, maybe with a view to reaching breakeven in a certain number of years? So I just want to get a sense of the path to profitability there. And then as a follow-up question, in some other segments we've been hearing about increased price-based competition and from categories, particularly in China. Have you been seeing that at all? Or is it really just a matter of fairly easy environment to take pricing and raw distribution?
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. Alexia, let me start and then Bert can pick up, if he likes. In terms of our model in China, as you've heard us talk in the past about how we think about these concentric circles and economic density and building out our organization and adding brands. So we don't really think about it at this point in time in terms of how many cents per share. It would be in terms of our investment level. What we're really looking at is how do we build a consumer-centric portfolio? How do we get an organization that can execute against that portfolio? And then how can we advertise behind it in a way that we believe those investments are good for us? And we've consistently said we don't want to get out over our skis, so we don't want to plow into an investment level that's fixed nor do we want to be constrained by that as we see opportunities. So I think you would continue to see us in an investment mode in China. As you know, we believe we have good gross margins in those businesses that we can grow into when we're not in an invest mode. But that really is not going to be the case, I don't think in the immediate future, so we're very satisfied with this. We continue to turn on advertising and build our portfolio. Our Hershey bars, as an example, is doing terrific as we've begun to expand that. And then we have what we think is a very exciting new item introduction in China that will be later in the year that we'll talk to you more about in coming time. But we really feel good about the profile of China.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And then in terms of the pricing competition? Any step-up there or not -- you're not seeing that?
John P. Bilbrey: No, I think that -- we continue to be headed down the track of what we think is good for our brands. You'll see different promotion activity in the trade that some brands may choose to do, but I wouldn't see that as a trend necessarily, from our perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to talk a little bit about Brookside. Very exciting brand launch and something that looks to be unique in the category. J.P., I was wondering if you could start off and just talk a little bit about when is the last time Hershey launched a new brand with the significant marketing budget that you're going to put behind Brookside? And then just to follow on, on the line of logic on Brookside. Can you also comment -- give us your perspective on what you would expect the incrementality of a product like this to the entire chocolate category into your franchise?
John P. Bilbrey: David, we're very excited about Brookside in the launch, and we believe the investment levels that we're making are appropriate for what we believe the potential for the brand is. So I don't necessarily have the historical perspective, so I'm going to kind of put that to the side. But we believe that the Brookside brand has enormous potential. We're off to a good start. We're making it broadly available in the marketplace. We're seeing good repurchase behind the early trial that the consumer has in the U.S., and we're going to continue to do consumer testing as broadly as possible to see where the relevance of the brand can continue to play. But we've got a lot of runway in front of us. We've got a lot of work to do, but I would just tell you that from what we see of the early customer reaction, consumer reaction, offtake, repurchase, we're just awfully encouraged, and we think this could be a very big brand. I -- we had some discussions internally on what we think that number is. I'm not going to share that right now because we've got a lot of execution, David, in front of us to make this story come true, but really off to a terrific start.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I may just follow up on this just one other way. My impression is that given the ingredients here and how different it is from other products in the category, that we should be thinking that this kind of a new product has a greater incrementality to your franchise than, say, other new products. Maybe if it's brand extension on one of your other lines, they might be good, but they might actually take away some sales cannibalistically when you do a new product launch of that sort. So is it a fair point to say that this is really a different type of new product versus what we might have seen over the last few years from Hershey?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think that's right, David. And it's around -- if you follow it from a dark chocolate standpoint, it's a big -- it has a potential to be a big dark chocolate brand by itself. If you think of the halo effect of the good things inside and all the benefits that you get from dark chocolate within the category, I think it does have a lot of incrementality to it. And then because of the halo effect of the great things in the center with the fruits packed in and the dark chocolate antioxidant benefit, it allows you to think about it more broadly than as a chocolate item only, and we're certainly exploring that and trying to understand more. So we think it has a lot of incremental potential for the company as an adjacency, as well as incremental business for us within the core category where we compete.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And if you could just make one clarification on the points of distribution. Is it correct to think that this product is more -- or it's -- the availability in the food classes of trade is really where we're going to sell this product into a lesser extent in convenience stores? Or maybe I'm just trying to get at how much representation in convenience stores will it actually have.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we think packaging is obviously important. We'd like to see it in convenience. We have convenience packaging that will be in the future of the brand. And so right now, we have a lot of work in front of us to get it across the channels in distribution where we're currently focused on. But yes, this should be a multichannel brand with packaging that makes it readily available to the consumer when they're looking for a great tasting product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: John, looking at some of the measured channel lately, it looks like Bliss sales are down quite a bit. I'm not sure that more of a comparison issue there, but just wondered if you can walk through your strategy in terms of trade-up, anything you're seeing there.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, as you've heard us talk about in recent times, that the trade-up segment, as we used to define it, has largely blended into premium and mainstream. And so I think that segment has changed a little bit. Bliss volumes are lower than they were a few years ago and, I think, having to compete in more of a mainstream-type environment than they had before and so that's changing a little bit. We continue to be very committed to the Bliss consumer and so we see the brand as continuing in our portfolio with a meaningful presence. One of the things you're starting to see now is the premium segment is growing a little bit again and I would anticipate that to continue. But again, that also had a little bit of suppression of pricing, but I think that will ultimately be back where it was. And then I think what will be interesting to see is if there's as much delineation as there historically was around this sort of middle segment, which we call trade-up, and I don't know how to predict that one necessarily. But we do see that Bliss plays an important role. There's competitive brands, which consumers also look for, and so we think it gives us a position to continue to compete there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In recent times, the state of the U.S. and global gum category, it certainly stands in contrast to the U.S. and global chocolate category. I'm wondering, from your perspective, if you're sort of writing the case study of the diverging fates of these 2 categories? What factors would you attribute to these diverging fates? And I ask partly because Hershey seems to be leaning a little bit into this weakness with some investment there. I know you're not the leader and obviously the big buckets are cyclical factors, secular factors and just the stewardship of the leaders in these categories.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I'm not going to try to get too deep into gum strategy. As you know, we play a modest role there. We've said in the past that we think gum is a segment that's driven by innovation and advertising and news, and we think that's why our gum has done pretty well, as modest as that business is. And so we continue to be excited about our mints business which, despite the fact it's a smaller segment, we continue to grow there and largely that's around innovation and advertising and it needing consumer usage, occasions and also preferences, I suppose, around how they interact with the product. So I think there is a big challenge for the gum segment to understand what's happening with the consumer. And I know there's companies out there spending a lot of time against that. But I certainly don't have the answer for other folks on some of that. So we're going to continue to be very focused against our mint business. And we're really excited about how it's performing. It's great front-end item. It's good for retailers. And that's probably as much as I should say about the gum segment.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And when you're thinking about gum and mint, it's real -- and I know that it plays more into your portfolio to be going after mints harder. But are you even -- are you more excited about the receptivity of innovation on the mint side? Is that -- is it fair to say that the future seems brighter on that side of the 2?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, it's certainly the case for us, and there's still a large gum category out there. It is a larger category than mint. But this, for us, is a great way to play. We think it's a global opportunity, and we have what we think are some pretty exciting innovations that continue to innovate around what some of the strengths, as we understand consumer insights around mints relative to gum, that will continue to leverage that. And so we feel pretty good about where we're spending our time. These are profitable brands. And so that segment's working really well for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I might have missed it in your comments, but is the Brookside distribution in regular retails on your grocery stores, is it already where you want it to be? Or is there still further expansion opportunity?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, there's still further expansion opportunity. We usually look to make sure we have about 60% ACV as we start thinking about turning on advertising. We've got advertising on now. And we would expect Brookside to have broad-based distribution levels across all channels. But we still have space to go to get that as deep as we wanted.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So we're not -- don't manage to find the product in some channel checks. It's just a matter of time until you get on the shelf from those stores as well then?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, absolutely. And if it's not near a store near you, you give us an address and we'll make sure it is.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Then the other question I had for you, J.P. Did I understand you correct that this new product that you initially talked about is targeted at China? It's not for the U.S. market?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, it will start -- we'll actually -- on what I was referring to, we'll actually use China as a lead market and then we would hope to see that as an item that's more broadly available as we believe the usage occasion is one that's globally relevant.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Is that the first time that you used China as a lead market for new product introduction that you intend -- ultimately intend to go global with?
John P. Bilbrey: Actually, we've had a couple of different instances where we've had products come from our international businesses. Brazil is certainly one where we've taken some products other places. And we see that being relevant in China as well as we explore some different areas there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Congratulations to everybody on their new positions. I guess I wanted to ask just more of a broader-based question about China in particular, but maybe it applies to some of the emerging markets. Obviously, as I think you stated, that CAGNY, Mars has 40% to 50% share in China. Mondelez is, on record, is spending a lot of money. I think Ferrero and Lindt and others have been spending aggressively. You're spending aggressively now. I mean why -- is that the reason why you're a little bit more cautious on margin outlook in emerging markets? And how should we think about one player that's got the vast majority of the market or a big chunk of the market and everybody else spending aggressively to get their fair share? I mean, how does this all play out in terms of margins? I mean, the sales are great as you're doing a good job. But ultimately, what kind of profit can you really get out of these markets if you're spending aggressively behind it?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think, Eric, the way that we think about it is that, unless you're talking about China in particular as you referenced, if you look at the history over the last 10 years, certainly, the last 5 years, and you look at the acceleration of market growth, we believe that just from a category standpoint in market, the story is still very much about market growth. Now you'll obviously -- you have Mars, who has the first-mover advantage, very nice business there and a leadership share. At the same time, that share is representative of a market, which has doubled in the last 5 years anyway and will continue to grow over time at an impressive rate. So I think part of the work to be done here is really around category growth, bringing the consumer into the category and then making sure we're participating in that category. So where we're really, I'll call it, thoughtful and balanced is, is that in our model where we do have gross margins that are acceptable today and yet we're in an investment mode, we have the ability to balance that as we go forward. So as we've talked about turning on advertising in focus markets, we're very satisfied with the response we get from that brand, from those -- from Kisses, as an example. But we don't have a broad enough portfolio yet to be satisfied with our overall returns there. And so as we continue to balance investing in our sales organization, investing in our brand development and then not expanding at a rate that we'd get out over our skis, we think it's a very good way for the company to participate in the China market. So we're not necessarily saying, "We're going to go be #1 by a specific date." That could be a really costly and foolish thing for us to do. We want each of these markets to be successful for us. We want them to be rewarding for our shareholders, and therefore, we have a pretty planned approach. And we don't want to get out of balance with what is a very precious North American business. And so our approach, I think, frankly, is very advantaged and at the same time maybe not the same choice that everybody would have because they may have legacy businesses that don't allow them to look at this in the same way that we do.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on a more shorter term -- just on a shorter term, Bert, I guess, you kind of sounded like there was a fair amount of delay in spending on some of this international SG&A, in part U.S. as well. The tax rate is higher. You have a very tough comp in the second quarter. And as you noted, it's typically seasonally a small quarter so you don't have as much leverage. I mean -- or did you give -- I got cut off, but did you give any kind of guidance on second quarter earnings? I mean, is it a low-single-digit EPS kind of growth rate? Or what are we talking here?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we don't -- we haven't given quarterly guidance and not moving towards that. But I think you captured all of the data points that we try to provide. And so while we do expect earnings growth in the second quarter, it will -- it won't be comparable to what we're expecting in the other quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a general question. The CMG category, as a whole, has seen very strong sales trends and obviously, you gained an impressive amount of market share in that context. If you look more broadly at what you'd consider the snacking category overall, can you give us a sense of how you think about both the CMG category and your own market share performance in that bigger snacking picture? And I guess if you were to assess any adjacencies you might have, what other snack categories do you view as your strongest competition for share of impulse purchases?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think -- the general comment I would make is that CMG has held up very well within the overall snacking universe. So for whatever interaction there is across any of those brands, we've certainly continued to have -- category performance is good and that we've continued to do well, obviously, within the category. I think the big piece of that really is around the fact that we continue to offer an affordable indulgence. The category has benefited from the amount of advertising and attention from all manufacturers that it's gotten. The innovation has been, I would call it, stickier, in that it has been productive. And so that's had a nice effect on a go-forward basis. So I continue to be very optimistic about the category. Certainly, we feel good that the first quarter has given us the evidence that the category is going to perform well. We've said that we're interested in adjacencies. Those adjacencies would certainly be close in for us. Most likely you wouldn't see us going real far field in the things that we might not feel as comfortable with as the businesses that we're in and things that are close to that. But we think, as we talked about Brookside, that we think Brookside has a very nice, healthy halo advantage that could expand into adjacencies. And also, the single serve element of our business in singles and standard bars and other items that are on-the-go nutrition are things that we're interested in as well. So I think overall snacking continues to look very positive to us, and we're going to participate in that overall segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just one quick easy question from another follow-up. So I know, obviously, there are a lot of questions on the international part of the business. I think at CAGNY, you actually -- you reconfirmed the net sales target for '17. But it looked like you've brought the profitability down, but I guess it was originally low mid-teens to low double digit. So I'm just curious, I guess one is, the sales target is still there for '17. It would seem like the profit target has come down. And then two, just very -- excuse me, very simplistically, when should we expect the international sales to be broken out, I mean, just in terms of materiality?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, let me try to put some context around that. A couple of things that we've done in terms of targets, right? One is we put an aspirational target of $10 billion out there, which we certainly have a lot of energy against. The other thing that we've talked about is that our organic business gets us to something south of that and then we're hopeful that we can have some value-creating M&A that gets us actually to the $10 billion. So we haven't given a very, very specific target around what that organic is. All we've really said is that it doesn't get us all the way to the $10 billion. In terms of our investment pace, at CAGNY, we're pretty transparent about bringing that down slightly because we think it gives us the ability to invest at a faster pace and actually move that organic target up closer to the $10 billion. So there is a little bit of alignment between the 2. Our view is based on where we think that the market will provide the best return for top line growth and a path to profitability. So China, we've talked a lot about and J.P. has given some context around that today. It's in investment mode. Other markets like Mexico, where we have profitability, we really just want to take that to a greater level. And so our ability to be able to continue to have fast-paced top line growth in these markets and invest behind those so long as we're getting that type of growth is how we think about the business. And we can ebb and flow that investment for whatever reason we don't think we're getting the types of returns in terms of business growth and market share that we anticipate.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then just kind of a follow-up on some of the discussion around retail segue versus reported. I thought you'd said earlier, and maybe I'm mistaken, but I thought you said that you still saw a little bit of pricing in Q1. You said it's a year-over-year effect from Valentine's Day. Was that right? And then if you have -- that's the case, pricing was up 50 bps in Q1. It's like should we be expecting, I guess, to see kind of a similar rate of pricing growth throughout the year or more or less? Or how do you think about that?
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, you shouldn't. Our reference to pricing, and granted I may have confused folks by throwing Easter in there, which wasn't relevant, Valentine was the last season that we actually got pricing on. Most of that, for us, ships in the fourth quarter. So you would've seen most of that pricing there. But it scans at the retail level in the first quarter, so we were trying to explain the difference between our 5.5% growth and about 3 points higher in retail. We did get a little bit of pricing because some Valentine obviously does. And we also had some promoting -- promoted items last year when we had the early in the year launches from particularly our Crunch 'n Chew product around Jolly Rancher. So there was a bit less promotion as our product launches were not effective January 1 like they were last year. We actually launched those products late December, so you should not expect to see pricing, at least based on today's plan, going forward. We're talking about is that basically a volume year, although that could change.
Mark K. Pogharian: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Bert, congratulations to you and to everybody else who was promoted. It's definitely well deserved. I just have one question. Just you -- just trying to square a couple of numbers related to what you said about international. So x Canada was up 10% and then China, Brazil, Mexico were combined, up 20%. So I guess the export markets would've been -- were they actually down in the quarter? Is that sort of how you go from 20% to 10%?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we had a couple of export markets that were actually where we actually gained distribution last year. We had new accounts, primarily in Asian markets. And so those we expected would be down a bit just based on some pipelines to last year in terms of new accounts. And so we continue to think that for the year, we're still going to be in the 15% to 20% range. But the first quarter had a bit of anomaly from that perspective.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So that was more of a timing -- year-over-year timing thing more than anything else?
Humberto P. Alfonso: That's correct.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just the 20% growth in China, Brazil and Mexico, in aggregate, just how much of it is being driven by volume growth and I guess volume growth driven in part by just distribution gains and/or trial, people using your product for the first time? And just if you can give some context in terms of how much pricing. Is there any pricing in that 20%?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I'm not going to comment on the pricing, but I would tell you that in China, in particular, while we had good volume growth in Kisses, one of the things that we did last year was we turned the advertising on for the Hershey brands, Hershey bars, in the fourth quarter. And so we did see some distribution gains. But more than that, we saw velocity gains in the existing distribution in China. In Brazil, we launched a chocolate-covered wafer product late last year. Our capacity also increased because we've put some capacity in place. And so you're seeing distribution gains vis-à-vis new product growth, but most of it would be volume.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thanks for participating in today's conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available for any other follow-up Q&As that you have. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Humberto P. Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Phyllis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company Fourth Quarter 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Phyllis. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2012 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening in on the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements, which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2011 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. The company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP, rather the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. As a result, we will discuss 2012 fourth quarter results excluding net pretax charges of $24.3 million or $0.08 per share diluted, primarily related to costs associated with the Project Next Century, non-service-related pension expense and integration costs for the Brookside Foods acquisition. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the phone and webcast. I'm pleased with Hershey's fourth quarter and full year financial and marketplace results, which represent a solid end to another good year. We accomplished our 2012 objectives while growing adjusted EPS 14.5%, our fourth consecutive year of double-digit percentage increases. We continue to build and execute our consumer-centric business model and are creating a virtuous cycle that is delivering predictable, profitable and sustainable results. We've accelerated profitable organic sales growth, increased our leadership position in the U.S. marketplace, boosted margins and returns and delivered record profitability. Outside of the U.S. and Canada our businesses continue to grow and, barring any dramatic changes related to foreign currency, we're on a path to achieve net sales of $1 billion in these markets by the end of 2014. We're operating from a position of strength. We believe there are far more opportunities ahead than successes behind us because at The Hershey Company, the future is not where we're headed but what we're creating. Now for an overview of the U.S. candy, mint and gum category. Growth was solid in 2012 and within the 3% to 4% historical growth rate. As has been the case for the last few years, the gum category has been challenged. Excluding a decline of minus 5.5% for the gum category this year, chocolate, sweets and refreshment grew a combined 5.2% in 2012. This increase outpaced other snack alternatives such as salty snacks, cookies and crackers. The chocolates, sweets and refreshment categories continue to grow driven by investments in the form of both innovation and advertising. The category is performing well with good brand-building efforts across many brands, creating excitement, trial and emotional connectivity between brands and consumers in our category. As a result, looking forward in 2013, we would expect the CMG category growth to be in the 3.5% to 4.5% range. For the full year 2012, Hershey's net sales increased 9.3% and were relatively balanced between net price realization and volume, including the Brookside acquisition. In the fourth quarter, net sales, excluding Brookside and FX, increased 9.3%, slightly better than our expectation, driven by volume growth of 7%. As expected with last year's pricing action essentially behind us, core brand volume growth was more than double the contribution from new products. From a profitability perspective, overall earnings were in line with our expectations, although SG&A spending was a bit higher as our financial flexibility enabled us to make some investments to ensure we ended the year strong and enter 2013 with momentum. This is reflected in our fourth quarter marketplace performance as we gained market share in every segment, that's chocolate, sweets and refreshments, and gum. In terms of Hershey's marketplace performance, let me start with Halloween. Halloween results were in line with expectations. The late October storm that affected the East Coast did not have a material impact on our overall Halloween results. Retail sell-through was solid, and we gained 0.8 share points in this important season. Now for some details on overall fourth quarter marketplace performance. Hershey CMG retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending December 29, 2012, in channels that account for about 90% of our U.S. retail business was up 7%. This resulted in a 1.2 point market share again. As a reminder, this is xAOC+C-store data consisting of the food, drug, mass x and C-store channels, plus the inclusion of Walmart, partial Dollar, club and the military channels. For the full year, Hershey U.S. retail takeaway and market share was up 5.7% or 0.6 points, respectively. CMG fourth quarter category growth in the xAOC+C channels was up 2.6%. As I mentioned earlier, gum continues to be a drag; and excluding it, the chocolate, sweets and refreshment categories are up a combined 4.1%. Importantly, CMG category growth sequentially improved in the traditional FDMx channels from flattish in Q3 to plus 1.4% in Q4. As has been the case all year long, Hershey has outperformed the CMG category in the FDMx channels with retail takeaway of plus 4.8%, resulting in a gain of one full market share point in 2012. Fourth quarter xAOC+C-store chocolate category growth was up plus 4.5%. Hershey's xAOC+C-store chocolate retail takeaway was up plus 5.8% resulting in a gain of 0.5 points of chocolate market share. Core brands such as Reese's, Kit Kat, Kisses and ROLO all gained share. Fourth quarter xAOC+C-store non-chocolate category growth was up plus 2.5%. Hershey's non-chocolate xAOC+C-store retail takeaway was up 12.6%, resulting in a market share gain of 1.2 points. Our performance here continues to be driven by Jolly Rancher innovation and Twizzlers. In the C-store channel, CMG fourth quarter category growth was plus 2.7% and was impacted by the double-digit percentage decline in the gum category. Total Hershey C-store performance was strong with takeaway of 9.8%, resulting in a share gain of 2.1 points. Our C-store performance was driven by chocolate and mint retail takeaway of 11.2% and 15.2%. As we look to 2013, we have many exciting products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels, including our annual Reese's NCAA basketball program; a Twizzler tie-in with the upcoming Superman movie; various promotions with the pop band, Gym Class Heroes, that will focus on the Jolly Rancher and Twizzlers brands; increased distribution in in-store merchandising and programming of Hershey's S'mores; and the launch of many new products to include Kit Kat Minis, Twizzlers Bites, Jolly Rancher Bites and yet to be announced new products that we are very excited about. We continue to feel very good about the direction of our core U.S. business as we are bringing innovative news, variety and excitement to the category. We'll support our core business in the aforementioned initiatives with coordinated in-store programming, merchandising and advertising that will drive trial, repeat and increased velocity. I'm also excited about the broader launch of Brookside products into the FDMx channels. Brookside has increased sales at a compound annual growth rate of about 20% over the last several years. With our additional manufacturing capacity now online, Brookside 2013 net sales growth will exceed this historical CAGR. Three SKUs in a standup, 7-ounce, resealable pouch will begin shipping to retailers -- began shipping to retailers a few weeks ago. Our research indicates strong appeal among many of the consumers identified within our confectionery demand landscape. Therefore, we believe Brookside will attract new consumers to the confectionery category by focusing on unmet consumer needs. Once targeted ACV is achieved, year-round TV advertising will begin. We expect this to be sometime in late February, as well as high-value FSI coupons, sampling at key customers and significant in-store merchandising and programming. Note that we'll also increase Brookside advertising in Canada, where a national TV campaign will begin in July. Our solid position in the U.S. marketplace continues to give us the financial flexibility to invest in key international markets. In China, Brazil and Mexico, we made solid progress in 2012. Net sales in these markets were all above plan with local currency sales up double digits on a percentage basis versus last year. However, as I stated the last couple of quarters, due to the strength of the U.S. dollar in 2012, foreign currency exchange rates were a headwind. Therefore, full year 2012 sales growth outside the U.S. and Canada, including the impact of FX was 12%, below our 15% to 20% target. In 2013, based on current exchange rates, net sales outside the U.S. and Canada will increase to 15% to 20%, keeping us on a path to reach $1 billion in net sales by the end of 2014. Our brands are gaining distribution, trial and more importantly, repeat purchases. On-shelf velocity is increasing and will build on our momentum in 2013, and accelerate brand building investments across the board. Think about this as market research, sampling, innovation, advertising, in-store selling capabilities and so on. In China, Hershey's Kisses and Hershey's solid chocolate globe product in the instant consumable tin are doing very well. In 2013, we'll extend the portfolio and introduce a premium Kisses Deluxe product and Hershey's Drops, and build on our fourth quarter expansion of the traditional Hershey's Milk Chocolate bar. These initiatives will be supported with sampling and advertising in the cities where we have a solid presence and distribution. In Mexico, our chocolate business had a solid year driven by Hershey's and Kisses. Additionally, in the Mexican food channel, which includes Walmart, we became the #2 player behind Ferrero. In 2013, we'll look to build on our chocolate momentum and expand our portfolio. Pelon Pelo Rico is also doing very well, with franchise growth of nearly 25% in 2012. Pelon is primarily sold in the traditional trade where we have national distribution, but the total points are below the industry average; hence, in 2013, we're targeting to increase our reach. In Brazil, our chocolate business grew at a pace more than double the category growth. Market share was up 0.4 points, driven by Hershey's tablet bar and the Big Kiss. In 2013, we'll broadly launch Hershey's Mais, a chocolate-covered wafer product, into national accounts, and we'll support it as well as the base business with significantly higher media and brand-building initiatives. We spend much of our time talking about Mexico, Brazil and China, but there are a lot of great things going on in many other geographies as well. In our export markets, velocity at retail is up and we continue to increase distribution. And in Canada, the Reese brand more than solidified itself as the #1 chocolate brand in the country, driven by the continued growth of Reese Minis, while the sweets and refreshment portfolio gained 1.4 market share points driven by solid gains for Twizzlers, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers. Given the exciting activity across the company in 2013, as well as our commitment to building international capabilities, advertising and SM&A are expected to increase at a rate greater than net sales. These disciplined investments will benefit the company over the near and long term. Now to wrap up. I'm very pleased with our 2012 performance. In the U.S, volume trends continue to progress, and we expect that will also be the case in 2013 given our planned investments in advertising, consumer promotions and innovation. Bert will provide further details, but gross margin gains in 2013 will give us the financial flexibility to make the accelerated SM&A investments I discussed earlier. Therefore, we expect 2013 net sales growth of 5% to 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, and we anticipate adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of 10% to 12% within the $3.56 to $3.63 range. I'll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some additional detail on our financial results.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Thanks, J.P., and good morning, everyone. Fourth quarter consolidated net sales of $1.75 billion increased 11.7% versus the prior year, slightly greater than our expectation. Our strong top line results allowed us to be flexible in our approach to category and brand-building investments throughout 2012, especially in the fourth quarter. As expected, organic core brand volume trends sequentially improved and were the primary driver of our fourth quarter net sales growth. Volume, excluding the Brookside acquisition, was a 7-point benefit in the quarter. In addition, net price realization and foreign currency exchange rates were a 2.3 and 0.3-point benefit, respectively. Profitability improved as fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.74 increased 5.7% versus last year. Price realization and supply chain productivity was partially offset by increased investments and go-to-market capabilities and marketing related investments. For the full year, net sales increased 9.3%, or 9.8% on a constant currency basis, led by net price realization of 5.7 points resulting in adjusted earnings per share diluted of $3.24, an increase of 14.5% versus last year. J.P. provided details on our marketplace performance, so I'll focus on a review of the P&L and balance sheet starting with gross margin. During the fourth quarter, adjusted gross margin was 43.1% on -- a 140-point increase over the prior year. This margin improvement was driven by net price realization, supply chain productivity and cost saving initiatives. Gross margin gains were partially offset by higher input costs of about $35 million. For the full year 2012, adjusted gross margin was 43.8% versus 42.4% in 2011, also an increase of 140 basis points. Higher net price realization and productivity gains were partially offset by higher input costs. Fourth quarter adjusted EBIT increased 7.4% resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin of 15.8%, a 60-point decline versus last year. The decline was primarily due to the timing of SM&A investments. Advertising spending increased 27% in the fourth quarter, slightly greater than our expectation of a 20% increase as we took advantage of media-buying opportunities to support our core brands. As a result, full year 2012 advertising increased 15.9%, greater than our outlook of 13% to 15%. Fourth quarter SM&A expenses, excluding advertising, increased 18.8% as we stepped up our investment in selling, marketing and IDP-related capabilities in both the U.S. and key international markets. This was a considerable increase from the September year-to-date level of about 9% and slightly above what we had outlined during the last conference call. For the full year 2012, SM&A advertising increased 11.9%, about in line with our double-digit expectation. Adjusted EBIT for the year increased 12.7%, with adjusted EBIT margin up 60 basis points to 18.5% from 17.9%. The increase was driven by solid net sales growth partially offset by higher input and supply chain costs and investments in SM&A. Now let me provide a brief update on our international businesses. Outside of the U.S. and Canada, fourth quarter international reported net sales were up 20% driven by solid double-digit percentage increases in China, Mexico and our key export markets. On a constant currency basis, fourth quarter China net sales increased more than 50% driven by base business gains and the introduction of advertising behind Hershey's solid chocolate products. In Mexico and Brazil, fourth quarter sales were up, driven by strong investments in brand building and distribution gains. As J.P. mentioned, given the strong U.S. dollar in 2012, full year reported net sales in our businesses outside of the U.S. and Canada increased 12%, less than our 15% to 20% target. In 2013, based on current exchange rates, net sales outside the U.S. and Canada are expected to increase 15% to 20% putting us on a path to reach $1 billion in net sales by the end of 2014. Moving down the P&L. Fourth quarter interest expense was about $23 million versus $21 million in the prior period. For the year, interest expense was in line with expectations totaling $96 million versus $92 million a year ago. In 2013, we expect interest expense to be in the $85 million to $95 million range. The adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 33.5%, up 130 basis points versus a year ago due to the timing of certain tax events. For the full year, the tax rate was 34.7%, down 10 basis points. In 2013, we expect the tax rate to be about the same as the full year 2012 rate although quarterly rates should be less volatile than they were last year and closer to the full year rate. In the fourth quarter of 2012, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 227 million versus 229 million in 2011, leading to adjusted EPS per share diluted of $0.74, an increase of 5.7% versus year ago. For the full year, outstanding shares were approximately 228 million versus approximately 230 million in 2011. Adjusted EPS diluted for the full year was $3.24, an increase of 14.5%. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the year, net trading capital increased $24 million versus last year. This is primarily due to accounts receivable increase of $62 million resulting from higher year-over-year December sales. Our accounts receivable remained very current. In addition, inventories decreased $16 million and accounts payable increased about $22 million. In terms of other specific cash flow items. Total company capital additions, including software, were $64 million in Q4 and $278 million for the full year. These amounts included Project Next Century capital expenditures of $7 million in the fourth quarter and $75 million in the full year. In 2013, we expect total CapEx to be about $300 million, including capital related to Project Next Century of about $15 million to $20 million. Depreciation and amortization was $47 million in the fourth quarter, all of which was operating depreciation as there was no accelerated depreciation in the quarter. For the full year 2012, depreciation and amortization expenses were $210 million, including accelerated depreciation and amortization of $15 million. In 2013, we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of about $200 million to $210 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $91 million, bringing the full year to $341 million. Also note that earlier today, we announced a regular dividend on our common stock of $0.42, our 333rd consecutive declaration. During the fourth quarter, approximately $13 million of our common shares were repurchased to replace shares issued in connection with stock option exercises. Cash on hand at the end of the year was $728 million, up $35 million versus year ago. Now let me close by providing some context on our 2013 outlook. As J.P. outlined, we have initiatives in place that we believe will drive net sales growth across our businesses in 2013. We're confident of our plans, and we expect 2013 net sales growth of 5% to 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We expect our net sales gains to be driven by core brand volume growth in the U.S. and international markets, the launch of the Brookside brand in FDMx channels, innovations such as Kit Kat Minis, Twizzlers Bites, Jolly Rancher's Bites, Kisses Deluxe, Hershey's Mais and other yet to be announced products. We have good visibility into our full year cost structure. As stated in October, gross margin will increase in 2013 driven by productivity, cost-saving initiatives and the expectation overall input cost deflation. Therefore, we expect 2013 adjusted gross margin expansion of 180 to 200 basis points. Given this financial flexibility in 2013, we will invest behind business building initiatives. Total advertising is expected to increase approximately 20%. In the U.S., core brand advertising is expected to be about the same as last year or around 2x net sales growth. Incremental advertising in 2013 will support the Brookside launch, base business and innovation in the U.S. and key international markets. This includes a broader advertising campaign of the Hershey's brand and other core brand launches in China and Hershey's Mais in Brazil. SM&A expenses, excluding advertising, are expected to increase 9% to 11% versus last year. These investments will build on our go-to-market capabilities established over the last few years, as well as consumer insights work underway in key international markets for the 5 global brands. Additionally, the company will continue to expand its IDP initiative, invest in international selling and marketing capabilities, and support new products, with increased levels of consumer promotion and sampling to drive trial and repeat. As a result, we have increased our full year adjusted earnings per share outlook and now expect it to increase 10% to 12% in 2013, which is greater than the previous estimate of 8% to 10%. And before we open up for Q&A, please note the following. Compared to the first quarter of 2012, the first quarter of 2013 net sales will be impacted by a shorter Easter season in the U.S., although we will benefit from continued improvements in U.S. core brand volume trends, the launch of Brookside into FDMx channels and the international innovation that I already mentioned. As a result, we expect first quarter 2013 net sales to be within our 5% to 7% long-term target. We expect solid gross margin expansion throughout the year to drive EBIT dollar and adjusted EPS diluted growth across all quarters in 2013. However, recall the SG&A, x advertising, was about flat in the first quarter of 2012. We don't expect that to be the case in 2013, as we'll make investments in go-to-market capabilities and costs incurred related to Brookside and the international new product launches that occur early in the year. Therefore, given all of the moving parts between last year and this year, our expectation is that first half EBIT margin will be pressured and adjusted EPS diluted growth will be greater in the second half of the year.
John P. Bilbrey: All right. Thank you, Bert. Operator, before we open the lines for Q&A, note that it's a busy day for earnings announcements. Therefore, out of respect for those companies, as well as everyone in the investment community, please limit yourself to one question as we are going to attempt to end the conference call at around 9:30 a.m.
Mark K. Pogharian: Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just one question. Brookside Farms, could you give us more detail in terms of -- of your current footprint, where you're selling any confectionery product today in North America, what percent of ACV is Brookside in already and how big do you think -- what percent of ACV do you think Brookside -- just in terms of channel. I mean, who knows what -- the consumer is obviously more difficult question. But in terms of channel, what percent of ACV is Brookside a relevant product to stock in, would you say?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, so let me just build the base real quickly. Recall that in the U.S. it was primarily in Costco when we made the acquisition and then it was available broadly across Canada, but it wasn't advertised across Canada. So as we've continued to build out the distribution in Canada, we'll be advertising it this year. And the trade reaction to the product as we've been expanding it in the U.S. has been extremely positive. We would expect it to really be in all the channels where our products are today with the exception, early on, of convenience where we haven't yet built out the packaging that we think will be appropriate for convenience, although we certainly plan to do that because we think it's a great on-the-go product. So you would expect it to look very similar to the balance of our line in 2013. And then beyond, we believe that we'll continue to build region penetration with the product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I just wanted to ask about what innings you're in, in terms of the category captaincy role that I think you're now playing at maybe Walmart and some of the drug stores. As I remember it, that initiative started a few years ago. I think you got into Walmart or a large mass merchant about 2 years ago. Is there still more benefit to come from that initiative? Or are you basically sort of at the point that you want to be in terms of those -- that sales advice in those stores?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think that it's continuing to evolve, and we feel quite good about the progress that we've made. Just for a bit of historical perspective, we've always played an important role in terms of category captain across a meaningful percentage of our customers. With IDP specifically, which you're referencing, we continue to expand that across the largest customers, where they also have the capabilities in place for us to be able to work well together on joint business planning and research projects. So we believe this is an important cornerstone of how we go to market. We continue to learn and grow here, and we do that with our retailers at the same time. So we're quite optimistic. It's important, and we believe we'll continue to make solid gains because of those joint planning relationships.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That fourth quarter, it did look like a quarter of abnormally high shipments and marketing spending, and that happens from time to time just because of timing. Is there going to be -- is it likely that there will be a little bit of a moderation in the shipments into the first half? Or do you feel like you're in a good balance right now?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, as we look at our planning stance in 2013, and as you know, we've given guidance of 5% to 7% net sales growth, we believe that it will look pretty balanced across the quarters. We don't specifically guide to the quarters, but we think the year looks pretty balanced. We felt good about the fourth quarter, in particular, that while seasons is important to us, in the fourth quarter -- we always talk about the business in sort of thirds, and seasons being one of those. In the fourth quarter, seasons is probably about 20%. We had what we would describe as low retail inventories going into the fourth quarter. So a lot of the volume that we saw in the fourth quarter was really around our core brands and base business. Price was important to us in the fourth quarter. So as we had talked about sequential improvement across '12, we really saw that happen. And the quality of our sales in the fourth quarter, I think, was really high. So we felt good about it, and we're saying that we think the category will be between 3.5% and 4% growth in 2013. And as -- we'd like to see ourselves growing share in that environment.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And as you're building up Brookside, are you thinking -- oftentimes, these new smaller brands, it's better to let them be discovered by the type of consumers that you want for them. Are you thinking of marketing that brand differently as you expand that?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, yes, I think, David, because of the nature of the brand, you'll probably see different media types as we talk about the brand, but we expect to have a strong marketing program behind Brookside. As you know, we've got the capacity to allow the brand to grow, so we're in a good place there. And so we continue to be really excited about it, and the consumer response that we've had has been really positive as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo.
John J. Baumgartner - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: In the -- thinking about your outlook for adjusted gross margin growth in 2013, can you speak a bit to the drivers of productivity there? Is the private being [indiscernible] in the joint warehousing alliance? And then maybe just thinking about that going forward, can you identify any opportunities to expand that alliance outside North America?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, talking about the expansion, we gave -- obviously, gave some guidance, which we feel good about and so we're saying 180 to 200 basis points pivoting off of where we ended up the year at 43.8%. I would tell you that our productivity programs continue to be quite strong, and 2013 continues to be a strong incremental year for Project Next Century even though the investment behind it is largely complete. We said that by 2014, you'll start to get to the full year rates. So last year in 2012, we had productivity in and around that $80 million range. And while we might expect it to be slightly below that this year, our emphasis on our ability to have savings of around 3% on our non-commodity cost of goods remains on track. To your specific reference around the Ferrero initiative, where we're -- have a logistics arrangement, where we both ship product together, that is making progress in 2013, but part of that is the construction of a Canadian facility. And so you won't see the full benefit of that until '14, although it will increase from 2012. So productivity remains extremely strong and a good part of our program. Clearly, the commodity decline, if you will, year-on-year as we've seen moderation and some of our key commodities is also expected to really benefit it next year. So that does play an important part. But from our perspective, we're planning to invest behind the business and -- as well as grow our earnings and what we think is a good return from those gross margin gains.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's earlier in the year than usual for you guys to raise guidance, so your confidence seems high. And I imagine, given your historically conservative nature, I guess you're leaving some room for further upside. So as you look down the P&L, could you maybe shed some light on which line items you think there's the most upside? I'm curious, for example, if you're leaving some leeway in the gross margin line in case some of the costs move around on the dairy side or maybe you're estimating a slower build in Brookside than what you actually think will happen. I'm just curious if you can kind of lay out the -- some of those answers if you could.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, Ken, I would say that we've given what we think is our best view of gross margin expansion and, obviously, there's a range there for things like what you're mentioning, which is -- dairy is one of those that can be more volatile while at the same time, there's less inability to develop hedge strategies around that. Clearly, what we're seeing is a year that we're expecting will be driven by volume. And so that's an area that we're keeping track. And we're encouraged by where we're starting the year, as well as where we ended the year. I'd say new products and Brookside, it's a little early to tell, but we do have probably more new product activity in the pipeline this year across the globe than we've had in a number of other years. So to your point, we think we're giving the right guidance around gross margin. Below that, we do have a significant amount of spend and we always have flexibility around that spend. We're going to be aggressive because we think we're getting the right top line growth that meets our strategic needs. But I'd say that, that's where you might have flexibility if we decide that, that's the appropriate thing to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess my question revolves -- did you say actually what level of deflation you expect in 2013 on the inputs? And then kind of on the back of that, we've -- I don't ever recall seeing, for example, gum lowering prices. Obviously, that part of the category is suffering. And chocolate, as you mentioned, J.P., are gaining share. So why wouldn't your competitors, who are likely also getting the benefit of deflation -- why shouldn't we see more promotion thrown back into the business, especially as you guys continue to roll out these hand-held product that kind of goes right up against M&M, Mars's core?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Let me take the first part of that. No, we have not given any specifics around deflation and really, we're not planning to.
John P. Bilbrey: Erik, I continue to believe that as the category has made progress against pricing -- and let's put gum aside for a second. I think that if you look at this category relative to a number of other categories across the store, we've done well. We believe this will be a year that volume drives the growth in the category. And assuming that story comes true, there shouldn't be a great temptation for us to think any differently about how we market our products. I think that we're bringing good news to the consumer. I think the products are positioned in a way that they provide good value. And then from a retailers' perspective, they're also looking for friends in these categories that are producing good profit and are growing at the same time. It's a highly merchandised category. You find it in a number of places across the store, seasons, of course, plays a role. So I'm not so sure that, that's the lever that maybe once the category had relied more on. We're seeing a higher percentage of sales at full revenue kind of year-over-year and where -- if I went back 5 years ago, you would have seen, call it, 52%, 54% of sales in the category maybe on promotion. And you might see it almost flipped from that today. And those aren't hard and fast numbers but directionally, that's probably fairly correct. So that's my view and that's how I would respond to that question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Back to Brookside for a minute. If we think about the 20% planned increase in advertising for '13 and with a similar level behind your core brands at this point certainly implies a large portion going behind, obviously, the expansion of Brookside. And no matter how you slice that number, it would put the advertising as a percent of sales ratio on that brand, obviously, at a pretty massive level, obviously, ahead of what kind of growth you ultimately expect. So it's certainly a big bet, and suggests maybe you see the brand ultimately at multiples of where it is today in terms of sales. But I'm trying to get a sense, have you put this much behind a new brand before? And I guess, what is it about the brand's performance, whether it's in Canada or what you've seen so far here, albeit it's early days, that kind of gives you that level of confidence that this level of spend ultimately pays off?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, we have in place a business model now that when we're introducing brands, we want to make sure that we fully support them on a sustainable basis as we roll them out into the market, and we're going to certainly do that with Brookside. We're very optimistic about the brand, and we do believe that while we're in the first round of expansion, that this is a brand that probably has relevance more broadly than the markets that we're currently talking about. It's also important to remember that we're expanding advertising across a number of our markets in China and Brazil and Mexico. And so as you look at the comments we made about the U.S. advertising spend and then take Brookside, which is incremental, and then think about what we're doing broadly, it all doesn't come down to being spent on Brookside. With that said, we're going to have a very aggressive position around building the Brookside brand as we expand it, creating awareness, introducing it to consumers, creating trial and so on. So again, we're going -- we're very serious about building brands and we see Brookside as an important one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question about the investment in the international markets. I guess, just doing a back-of-the-envelope calculation, the upside or the flexibility that you've got to increase spending this year is something north of $50 million. So I guess, could you talk a little bit about first, how much of the capital -- how much of your $300 million in capital spending is also going to the international markets? And then also, just how that organic spending -- kind of more greenfield as opposed to acquisitions? Are you having more effect, I guess, on sort of building as opposed to buying as you build out those markets?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Bryan, with respect to the capital, you're correct, a greater percentage of that capital is non-U.S. in 2013. And we talked about last June, if you recall, having the need to expand for volume growth in Asia specifically. And so while we've not commented on exact location, you're quite right, your observation is a good one in terms of more capital being deployed outside of the U.S. And while we still have some against Project Next Century, I mentioned it was at quite a low number, in the 15% to 20% range. We're always going to have some amount of our capital, which is either maintenance driven or driven in things like IT technology and the like. But a lot of our capital is margin enhancing and business building, if you want to call it that. So more of it is deployed outside of the U.S. in 2013, and you might see that starting to be more common in -- as we go forward, given that we feel pretty good about our footprint in the U.S., while still growing volume. We think we have the right number of facilities, if you will.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I guess, my question was more you're going to spend more P&L dollars, you're increasing your P&L spending as well there. And has that organic investment been better than what you were thinking a year ago? More kind of implying you can build it as opposed to making acquisition, or are acquisitions still part of the international expansion?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I think, we look first at our organic business. Obviously, that's our priority. And the reflection of spend really is a reflection on new product introductions. I think J.P. mentioned, we have a number of them in China. We're planning to launch additional new products in Brazil. And so these markets, where we've invested in infrastructure and are at a point where we feel that we've done the right market research to be able to put -- expand those 5 brands in particular, those 5 global brands. M&A is quite different. It's still a priority for us, where we can expand the business inorganically. Clearly, we have the right capability from a balance sheet perspective to do it. And it is a key priority, but we don't put it in our model because it's hard to predict. And we're going to do our best to find good value return opportunities in M&A, but our main focus is our organic business.
John P. Bilbrey: One comment I would just add to what Bert has said, we've talked about expanding geographies, expanding our portfolio. If you think about our core portfolio, and we talk about 5 global brands with Hershey's, Kisses, Reese's, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers, our opportunity to grow those brands within the footprint that we've been articulating is really significant, both that we don't have the penetration we want yet and those categories are also growing rapidly. So as we continue to invest and prepare ourselves to be able to do that, we think it's a great spend. And the one example I would give you that you may not have heard us talk about before is if we look at the Kisses brand, which is the one brand that we have led with around the world, with our Kisses brand, 32% of the sales on Kisses happen outside the U.S. So as we continue to expand our other brands, we would hope to be able to begin to see an evolution towards that same-type profile. So that gives us a lot of encouragement, and we need to get the other brands within the same framework that we have Kisses, and that's a significant opportunity of growth for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Congratulations on your momentum, particularly in some of your emerging markets. Mexico, China, Brazil, you've mentioned them numerous times throughout the call here. Can you help us just sort of contextualize how large they are right now as a percentage of the overall sales?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we've talked a little bit about this in the past, and within our -- within the context of that $1 billion that we're shooting for non-U.S., Canada. And so when you think about our brands outside of the U.S. and Canada, we're at about $700 million, and about 2/3 of that are those key geographies. We haven't specifically talked about market sizes and they're growing at different rates. We mentioned China, 50%. The others are somewhat below that, although still growing very nicely. And then the other third is our -- is an export business, which is quite profitable for us, where we have either distribution arrangements in those countries. And in that side of the business, obviously, there's significantly less marketing spend than in our key markets. So think of it as about a $700 million business growing to $1 billion by the end of 2014.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. One quick follow-up. China, great growth this quarter. Curious if you saw any impact on gift-giving demand, whether it's stronger, weaker overall, and also timing because of the new year, whether or not any of that shifted into the first quarter.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think the overall comment is that we continued to see really good trends in China. Obviously, as the seasons there move around, you see some of the volume move around. But as you had a lot of discussion around China and heavy industry and other things, and there were some gloomy reports here in 2012, we just never really saw it in our types of products. So if you think about basic products, where the consumer is entering into the economy, we continue to feel awfully good and see very positive trends in our China business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So I want to just talk a little bit more about the marketing and advertising. You've answered a little bit of this kind of throughout a number of questions, J.P. But 27% increase in the fourth quarter and then a massive 20% increase in advertising in 2013, and I believe somebody else, I think, said $50 million, but I think it's like a $100 million increase. Please correct me if I'm off on that. We just don't see numbers this large for a large cap food companies, almost ever. Can you just spend just a little bit more time on this -- the dollar magnitude of that increase? And then maybe one specific point is that with that large of a budget, you didn't really change your sales growth outlook for 2013. And maybe I'm just a little curious as to what the effect of the advertising really ought to be on your '13 growth, and then if you think maybe is it delayed or how long does it take before that type of an advertising number starts to show up in results. So take it away please.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, let me take a whack at all of that. And Bert can jump in here when he thinks it's appropriate, as well. Let me talk a little bit about it philosophically versus the magnitude of the numbers. But if you think about your advertising spend at a couple of times net sales growth, if you think about our North American businesses and mature businesses, that's sort of where we're at. So a lot of the increases that you're seeing is because Brookside is a big brand and it's now going to be advertised. You have the same thing happening in some of the other markets. Now the spend in the other markets, it's going to over-index certainly from an ROI standpoint in the early days of brand building. But we feel very fortunate that our company's performance right now enables us to be very focused across a few markets that we believe are the most attractive markets, and we're getting very encouraging growth where we're executing against a really complete business approach. It's around brand building. So I think what you'll see is some of those numbers will look larger to us in the early days, but this is -- we think we'll find leverage around both the organization investments and brand-building investments, and the accelerator effect behind a growing category, and a brand whose awareness is growing is really the leverage that we're betting on is really going to be worth it for us. And I think the early evidence is that, that's the case. So for me, it's really around the philosophies and then the dollars sort of follow how much activity do you believe that you can execute really well against.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, David, the only other thing that I would add to that is that if you compare it certainly to last year, a lot of our innovation happens earlier in the year and, by nature, we tend to start our advertising when we hit certain levels of distribution, and that advertising starts sooner. So you are getting more of a full year of advertising or more of the year of advertising versus what you might have saw last year just given the timing of our innovation, and that will be true across markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: The outlook for the commodity prices obviously came in lower than probably your initial thoughts were. What were the incremental projects that you priced ending this commodity, I wouldn't say windfall, but lower commodity prices towards -- can you get a little bit more specific of like what incremental projects you're taking on earlier than expected?
Humberto P. Alfonso: You're talking about, again, going back to the SM&A discussion?
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: No, just in general. Look my sense is -- I mean, maybe I'm wrong, is that your commodity outlook was better than you would have thought for 2013. And I am assuming that you're not dropping all of it to the bottom line, that there might be some incremental projects that you might be taking on earlier even if it's not -- obviously, your advertising went up a little bit more, but there might be some certain targeted brands or targeted projects that maybe you may have thought about doing in 2014 and you might be doing in 2013?
John P. Bilbrey: Let me respond quickly, and then Bert can comment as well. I don't think of it so much as we're taking new things on as we're able to continue executing against the strategies that we have at a level that we would like to be able to do that. That's really, I come back to my comment I made earlier, that our solid financial performance has enabled us to continue to grow in these new markets and invest in growing our brands in the U.S. And if we continue to say we believe the North American market, the U.S, in particular, is a growth market, we continue to see strong category growth levels. We want to participate and drive that, and grow share going forward. So we're going to continue to invest in our brands. As you know, we went for a number of years where we didn't do that, and it didn't work so well for us. And the business model that we're executing against now, we know does work, but we can only do it in so many markets at any given time. But in this particular environment, it enables us to really execute against those focus markets we've talked about and expand these 5 global brands and be serious about really being a brand-building company.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede with Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on aerated chocolate or Air Delight and Simple Pleasures. Those products have been in the market for a while now. What's your assessment of them?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we feel very good about Simple Pleasures. It meets the need of an indulgent chocolate with a consumer who's looking for what we call control, more of a moderator of their consumption. So it's built good distribution. We've got good advertising that we think is working behind that brand. It's gotten the right level of distribution and trial. So we feel really good about that. Air Delight, as I talked on the last call, we've adjusted our advertising approach there. We think it was probably a little bit harder to compete with indulgent 100% milk chocolate with the Aerated product, and so we weren't really talking enough about the indulgence of the experience and so we've adjusted for that. And as I said, I think, because we're introducing the consumer in the U.S. to a different type of experience, obviously, these products were available outside the U.S. It takes a little bit more work to do that, but we continue to feel really good about the product. It continues to make progress. So that would be a couple of thoughts I would have on those 2 brands.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just to follow up on that, will the innovation in chocolates continue to be mainly minis and bites and pieces, that kind of thing? Or will we see more true -- I don't want to call it brand innovation, but true new chocolate innovation going forward, as well?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think, you may see a mix of format innovation as well. But whether the innovation comes from package, usage, occasion, et cetera, as long as it's driving growth that's meeting the needs of consumers or else it wouldn't be working. So we feel pretty good about what we've been able to do in hand to mouth. We've expanded that across multiple brands, and we talked earlier about Kit Kat Minis and ROLO, et cetera, and we'll continue to do some of those. But we're always looking at different format opportunities, adjacencies and so on. And with the Air Delight, it's the same kind of thing. It's -- you're building a new concept and so that could be hard work. But as I said, we'd like to see that brand succeed.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available for any follow-up questions you may have, and we'll see all of you at CAGNY in a couple of weeks. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Humberto P. Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Daniel Stephen - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company Third Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Pogharian. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2011 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we've said within the Note, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss 2012 third quarter results excluding net pretax charges of $34.9 million, or $0.10 per share diluted, which are primarily related to the Project Next Century program. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges, non-service-related pension expense and acquisition and integration costs related to the Brookside Foods. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark. I want to thank all of you on the phone and webcast for joining us today. I'm pleased with Hershey's third quarter results. As we anticipated, Hershey's U.S. marketplace performance accelerated in the third quarter. Hershey chocolate, non-chocolate, mint and gum retail takeaway was up in the measured channel universe of xAOC+C-stores, resulting in market share gains across all segments. Retail and core brand net sales volume trends continued to sequentially improve. This growth is driven by the faster growing channels like convenience and dollar, which are pacing ahead of the more traditional classes of trade. Before we get into the details, I'd like to give you an update on a couple of announcements we've had since our last conference call. On September 28, we acquired the remaining 49% stake in the Hershey Godrej joint venture. We're very excited about the opportunities that exist in India. The Mahalacto and Nutrine candy brands and the Jumpin juice and soy-based beverage brands are good businesses and in growing categories. Similar to what we've done in other international markets, we'll make disciplined brand building investments and improve upon selling capabilities and expand distribution. We'll focus on expanding margins via aggressive cost control and margin enhancing innovation while also evaluating the global Hershey portfolio to determine the best products for the India consumer and marketplace. We've learned a lot over the last 5 years and have gained valuable consumer insights that will serve us well. We believe we have the right brands, products and people to give us the ability to grow in the marketplace as we fully control our future. Moving on to sustainable cocoa. Earlier this year, we announced that Hershey's Bliss chocolates will be Rainforest Alliance certified and available to consumers by year-end. Bliss joined Hershey's Dagoba organic chocolate, which is already 100% Rainforest Alliance certified, and Scharffen Berger, which will source 100% certified cocoa by the end of 2013. Currently, certified cocoa accounts for less than 5% of the world's cocoa supply. Earlier in the month, we announced that we'll source 100% certified cocoa for our global chocolate product lines by 2020. Hershey and its cocoa suppliers, as well as African governments, will work together to increase farmer knowledge, improve incomes and help cocoa communities increase the volumes of certified cocoa. No company or single organization can solve this complex and long-term issue. That's why Hershey will continue to work effectively with numerous public and private partners on a precompetitive collaborative basis as we strive towards our 2020 goal. Over time, we expect this will help farmers and lead to a more efficient cocoa supply chain as greater certified cocoa becomes available. The investments related to this commitment are included in the long-term targets that we discussed at our June investor update. As it relates to the third quarter, net sales growth of plus 7.5% was essentially in line with our expectations. Net price realization was a 3.9 point benefit in volume; excluding the Brookside acquisition, it was up 2.1 points. The organic volume gain was primarily driven by new products. Core volume trends improved sequentially and were up slightly this quarter. From a profitability perspective, earnings came in a bit better than our expectations due to the timing of SM&A expenses. In terms of Hershey's marketplace performance, Hershey's CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending October 6, 2012 in channels that account for about 90% of our U.S. retail business was up plus 5.9%, resulting in a 1.1 market share gain. Year-to-date, Hershey U.S. retail takeaway and market share is up 5.2% and 0.4 points, respectively. Year-to-date, the CMG category in the xAOC+C-store channels is up 3.8%. As we approach midyear, the category began to lap the price increases instituted last year. Additionally, the Gum category continues to underperform. Therefore, CMG category growth for the 12 weeks ended October 6, 2012 slowed and was up 2.2%. Looking separately at chocolate, non-chocolate and mint categories tells us a different story as each of these segments grew within or above the historical category growth rate of 3% to 4% in the third quarter. Additionally, the categories beginning to lap the innovation and limited edition introduced by major manufacturers over the last few years. We've had a solid innovation pipeline that we estimate will be at least 1 point of our net sales algorithm on an annual basis. Hershey Q3 FDMx CMG growth was plus 4.3%, resulting in a market share gain of 1.3 points. In Q3, the FDMx CMG category was flat. While the broader food group debates what is happening to trips and basket size in some channels, note that there's no evidence of retailers pulling back from the confectionery category in terms of aggregate levels of xAOC distribution points and programming. Importantly, the other measured channels, such as convenience, dollar stores and large mass customers, are growing towards the high-end of the historical category growth rate and represent about 55% of our U.S. sales. As it relates to Halloween orders, shipments and sell-through is on track. We believe we have the right mix of seasonal, specific advertising, coupons and programming support that sets the stage for another winning season. We will not have a complete read on sell-through for another couple of weeks, but our preliminary analysis indicates that our Halloween market share and xAOC is projected to increase for the fifth consecutive year and it will build on our 37% plus share of this important season. For the 12 weeks ended October 6, 2012, xAOC+C-store chocolate category growth was up plus 3.6%. xAOC+C-store chocolate retail takeaway for Hershey improved sequentially as expected and was up plus 4.5%, resulting in a gain of chocolate market share of 0.4 points driven by core brands in our Rolo Minis and Hershey's Simple Pleasures new product launches. For the 12 weeks ended October 6, 2012, xAOC+C-store non-chocolate category growth was up about 3.5%. Hershey's non-chocolate xAOC+C-store retail takeaway was up 9.2%, resulting in a market share gain of 0.9 points. The solid performance was driven by continued Twizzlers momentum, as well as the new Jolly Rancher Crunch 'N Chew product which is getting good trial and more importantly, repeat purchases. In the C-store class of trade, CMG third quarter category growth was up plus 4.3%. Total Hershey's C-store performance was particularly strong with takeaway of plus 8.9%, resulting in a share gain of 1.3 points. Hershey's C-store performance was balanced with retail takeaway up 8.7%, 6.4% and 24.6% in chocolate, non-chocolate and mints. These gains were driven by new products, core brand advertising and merchandising and programming, including a Reese's and Coca-Cola promotion on a summer program to win free -- in a summer program to win free gasoline. As it relates to breath refreshment within convenience stores, we've gained mint market share for 56 consecutive quad weeks or about 4.3 years and now have about a 42-share of category in this channel. As it relates to our 2012 innovation, recall it's balanced between chocolate and sweets and refreshment. The launch and rollout of new items, such as Jolly Rancher Crunch 'N Chew and Ice Breakers Duo, occurred earlier in the year. We've reached ACV distribution targets on these products with trial and repeat on track versus our plans. Rolo Minis and Hershey's Simple Pleasures were launched around midyear. Rolo Minis achieved fast distribution and is tracking ahead of expectations. Repeat is about 25% above our target and remains above that of similar hand-to-mouth products during the comparable time period. ROLO brand advertising started in mid-July for the first time in 25 years, resulting in sharp increases in dollar velocity for the ROLO base business and Mini pack type. Simple Pleasures, a late Q2 launch is in line with our assumptions. Initial ACV distribution targets were reached in August and we ran a high-value FSI that generated solid results. Marketing plans are in place for the fourth quarter. And as we exit the year, we'll have a perspective on repeat purchases. As we close the year, we'll be active in all classes of trade with solid brand building initiatives, including core brand merchandising, programming and consumer promotions around Hershey's S'mores tailgating, holiday and baking season and a Reese's NCAA Football and EA Sports promotion. Additionally, full year advertising expense will increase and is now expected to be up 13% to 15% in 2012. This investment will benefit our business in the near-term and into next year. Outside of the U.S., our International business on a local currency basis is on track. Year-to-date, the key markets of Mexico, China and Brazil are all above planned and up double-digits on a percentage basis versus last year. We're growing faster than the category in these markets and feel confident that the disciplined investments and go-to-market capabilities will benefit the company in both the near and long-term. However, as I stated last quarter, given the strength of the U.S. dollar in 2012, foreign currency exchange rates or FX is a headwind. Therefore, we would expect full year 2012 international sales growth, including the impacts of FX to be just below the 15% to 20% growth we've realized in the last few years. Now to wrap up. I'm pleased with our performance given the macroeconomic challenges that consumers and retailers are facing. Our advertising, consumer promotion, selling capabilities and merchandising have combined to help drive customer and consumer conversion, which has resulted in sequential volume improvement throughout the year. We'll continue to make appropriate investments to ensure a healthy category while driving our everyday and seasonal business over the remainder of 2012 and into 2013. Organic volume trends continued to sequentially improve. Additionally, the Brookside acquisition will be about a 1.75 to 2-point benefit in 2012. Therefore, we've narrowed our full year net sales growth outlook and now expect it to increase 8% to 9%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Now Bert will provide further details, but given our gross margin gains and SM&A profile over the remainder of the year, we have increased our full year adjusted earnings per share diluted outlook and expect it to increase 14% to 15% versus 2011 and be in the $3.22 to $3.25 range. As we look to 2013, we'll continue to focus on core brands and innovation in both the U.S. and key international markets. In January, we'll launch Brookside branded products in the broader U.S. food, drug and mass channels. Therefore, we expect 2013 net sales growth to be within our 5% to 7% long-term target, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. As we stated earlier this year, we remain focused on gross margin. We have solid productivity and cost savings initiatives in place. And while early in the planning cycle, we don't expect input cost inflation next year. Therefore, we expect to achieve gross margin expansion in 2013 and growth in adjusted earnings per share diluted in the 8% to 10% range, consistent with our long-term target. I'll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some additional details on our financial results.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Thanks, J.P., and good morning, everyone. Hershey posted another quarter of quality results with consolidated net sales of $1.75 billion, up 7.5% versus the prior year, generating adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.87. The 7.5% net sales gain was driven primarily by the continued growth of our core brands and new products. Net price realization, primarily in the U.S., was a 3.9-point benefit, in line with our estimates. And volume, excluding a 2.3-point benefit from Brookside, was up 2.1 points. The organic volume gain was driven by new products. Core brand volume trends have improved sequentially throughout the year and were slightly up in the third quarter. In addition, foreign currency exchange rates were a 0.8-point headwind. Adjusted gross margin in Q3 increased 70 basis points. Net price realization, supply chain efficiencies and productivity improvements were partially offset by increased commodity costs. Versus last year, input costs were about $30 million higher in the quarter and relatively in line with our expectations. We have good visibility for our cost structure for the remainder of the year, and we continue to expect higher input costs in Q4 versus last year. However, our current inflation outlook for the full year is slightly better than our previous forecast. Combined with our cost savings and productivity programs, as well as year-to-date price realization, we now expect adjusted gross margin to increase 120 to 140 basis points for the full year versus our previous estimate of 100 to 120 basis points. In the third quarter, adjusted earnings before interest and taxes or adjusted EBIT, increased about 6%. This resulted in an adjusted EBIT margin of 19.3%, a 30 basis point decline versus last year due to planned investments in brand building and go-to-market capabilities. Specifically, advertising expense increased about 12% versus the year ago period. We are now planning a slightly higher investment in advertising in the fourth quarter and expect full year 2012 advertising expense to increase 13% to 15% versus 2011. This is greater than our previous estimate of a low double-digit percentage increase. Adjusted SM&A, excluding advertising, also increased about 12% versus last year, although less than our previous estimate of a 15% to 20% increase for Q3. We will continue to invest in non-advertising brand building and go-to-market capabilities in both the U.S. and international markets. In the fourth quarter, we would expect another meaningful increase in adjusted SM&A, resulting in low double-digit percentage increase for the full year. Now let me provide an update on our International businesses. On a local currency basis, net sales increased meaningfully in China and Brazil. In addition, local currency of sales increased in Mexico, although at a more moderate rate. The investments we've made in these key markets are enabling our brands to gain momentum in the marketplace. We will continue to make disciplined investments in these markets in Q4 and 2013 to further drive distribution, brand awareness and trial. Given the strong U.S. dollar in 2012, net sales in our businesses outside of the U.S. and Canada, including the impact of foreign exchange, are expected to increase 10% to 15%, although still on pace to reach $1 billion by 2015 as previously communicated. On September 28, we completed the acquisition of the 49% stake in The Hershey Godrej joint venture that we did not own. We are very excited about the opportunities that exist in India. In the coming weeks, we plan to pay off the existing local debt, which will essentially offset the additional losses we'll incur from owning 100% of the business. And as J.P. stated, we will now concentrate our efforts on building capabilities and portfolio development for Hershey India. Moving down to P&L. Q3 interest expense was $24.5 million, up 6.5% versus the prior period. For the full year 2012, we expect interest expense to be approximately $95 million to $100 million. The adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 36.1% or 190 basis points higher than the prior year. Recall that in the previous quarter, we discussed the timing of certain tax items that adversely impacted the third quarter year-over-year. We continue to expect the full year tax rate to be about 35%. In the third quarter of 2012, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were $228.6 million versus $229.8 million in 2011, leading to adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.87, up 3.6% versus year ago. Now let me provide a quick recap of our year-to-date results. Net sales increased 8.4%, adjusted gross margin was 44% year-to-date versus 42.6% last year. Net price realization of productivity gains were partially offset by higher commodity costs. Advertising increased approximately 12% on a year-to-date basis. Adjusted EBIT increased 14.4%, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin gain of 110 basis points from 18.4% to 19.5%. And adjusted earnings per share diluted for the 9-month period increased 17.4% to $2.50 per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the third quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year's third quarter by $96 million. Accounts receivable was up $29 million, primarily due to higher September sales. Our accounts receivable aging remains extremely current. Inventory increased by $72 million year-over-year, primarily due to the timing of strategic purchases of key ingredients that we discussed in the second quarter. We will continue to work through these inventories in the fourth quarter and expect that year-end 2012 inventory will be at or below the 2011 ending levels. Finally, accounts payable increased $5 million. We expect net trading capital to improve in the fourth quarter as we cycle through the peak seasonal period of our business. In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software were $66 million in the third quarter and $214 million year-to-date. The Q3 amounts included $9 million of Project Next Century capital expenditures. For 2012, we are targeting total capital additions to be in the $280 million to $300 million. This range includes base ongoing CapEx of $215 million to $230 million plus Project Next Century CapEx of approximately $65 million to $70 million. Depreciation and amortization was $53 million in the third quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to Project Next Century of about $3 million and adjusted operating depreciation and amortization of $50 million in the quarter. In 2012, we are forecasting total operating depreciation and amortization of about $220 million, including accelerated depreciation and amortization related to Project Next Century of about $20 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $83 million. Also during the quarter, we repurchased approximately $279 million worth of common shares to replace shares issued in connection with stock option exercises. We did not acquire any shares in the third quarter related to the $250 million outstanding repurchase program. Cash on hand at the end of the quarter was $466 million. The company continues to generate substantial free cash flow and has a strong balance sheet. Therefore, as mentioned in this morning's press release, we have increased our quarterly dividend by 10.5%. This action reflects our confidence in the long-term growth of our business. Let me now provide an update on Project Next Century. I am pleased to announce that construction and line installation is complete and the plant is operational and our current focus is on line performance optimization. The forecast for pretax GAAP charges and nonrecurrent project implementation costs related to the program has been increased from a range of $160 million to $180 million to $190 million to $200 million, primarily due to a non-cash pension settlement charge during the third quarter. As required by U.S. GAAP, the settlement charge occurred because employee withdrawals from pension plans exceeded certain accounting threshold levels. During the third quarter, we recorded Project Next Century charges of $26 million pretax, of which $13 million was related to non-cash pension settlement charges. As previously communicated, by 2014, we continue to expect ongoing annual savings to be approximately $65 million to $80 million. Now to summarize. We are pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results. Over the remainder of the year, we plan to make incremental investments in our brands and business capabilities. As stated earlier, full year 2012 adjusted SM&A expenses, excluding advertising, are expected to increase low double-digits versus the prior year in line with previous estimates. Full year advertising expected to increase 13% to 15% versus the prior year. Halloween has gotten off to a good start and the Brookside acquisition expected to contribute 1.75- to 2-point net sales benefit in 2012 as our initial supply chain performance has enabled us to optimize product sales mix. Therefore, we've narrowed our full year net sales growth outlook and now expect net sales to increase 8% to 9%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. As previously communicated, while input costs will be higher in 2012, we have good visibility into our fourth quarter input costs. As a result, price realization, improving volumes and strong productivity will result in full year adjusted gross margin expansion of 120 to 140 basis points. Additionally, we expect Brookside acquisition to be slightly accretive for the full year. Therefore, we now expect 200 -- 2012 earnings per share diluted growth of 14% to 15% or $3.22 to $3.25 per share. As we look to 2013, we assume that the economic environment for retailers and consumers will continue to be challenging. However, we will continue to focus on our core brands and leverage Hershey's scale at retail in the U.S, as well as continued growth in key focus markets. The Brookside integration and capacity expansion is on track and ready for broader launch early next year. Overall, we believe that the investments we're making will enable us to deliver predictable and consistent top line and earnings growth. Therefore, our current expectation for 2013 is for net sales growth to be within our 5% to 7% long-term target, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We have solid productivity and cost-saving initiatives in place. And while early in the planning cycle, we do not expect input cost inflation in 2013. Therefore, we expect to achieve gross margin expansion in 2013 and growth and adjusted earnings per share diluted in the 8% to 10% range, consistent with our long-term target. We will now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Market.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to dig in a little bit on the thought about 2013, your long term guidance. Because when I look at -- and I'm kind of a broken record on this, but when I look at the trajectory of what costs have done and how strong the pricing has been and now with volume working a little bit better and obviously raising for Q4. Can you tell me, are there any explicit factors I'm missing as to why you wouldn't see more gross margin expansion in 2013? Because when you do the arithmetic, you get to a little bit more aggressive gross profit growth trajectory.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Jonathan, this is Bert. I -- we haven't really given a range on gross margin expansion, and we typically wouldn't this time of year. We are signaling that we certainly expect gross margin expansion. And frankly, we think it'll be at a pretty good level. But I think we're going to maintain what we typically do is to give a lot more color around that and provide a range in January. But right now, I think what we're trying to provide in terms of some information or some color is the fact that it's not an inflationary year, which the last 2 years have been, and that we still have strong productivity coming through.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. And if I could just ask 1 follow-up. A competitive landscape, gaining some significant share here, does that maybe give you caution going into 2013? I mean, picking up 1.1 points a share this quarter is excellent. I mean, are you going to be able to sustain that? And how are you feeling in the marketplace in Halloween competitively?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, first of all, we feel good about Halloween. The programming that we would've expected to be out is all materialized. The early sell-through while it's not the whole season, we certainly are seeing sell-through. And as I said in my comments, we expect to grow share in Halloween once again. So from a Halloween standpoint, we feel as if we're very much on track. We've also had good results from our innovation that we've had. Most of ours has been in the second half of the year. You know that from a competitive standpoint, there was a lot of innovation early in the first quarter. And then we get off to the start of the year with good innovation as well. So we'll have Brookside, which we'll be expanding in the U.S. and we're very excited about that. As you know, we've had the manufacturing expansion project that doubles our capacity on Brookside as we go into 2013. And then we feel good about our overall new product pipeline. So it's always our goal to grow share, and we also feel -- the one thing I would just end on is we also feel good about the progress we're making in our conversion. As we said, we hope to be back to about 100% on volume growth somewhere around the first of the year, and all indications with sequential improvement each quarter would suggest that's going to happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: As I look out to 2013, you mentioned the last couple of years were inflationary years, and we've seen the price increase go through in 2011 and 2012. For next year, I'm assuming the algorithm will change with less price growth and more volume growth. Could you maybe just talk about, of the 5% to 7% top line growth, roughly how much do you expect to mean maybe price and mix effects by trading consumers up to higher price products versus volume?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, I don't think we'll comment on exactly what we think the split will be. But we would hope that as we get into 2013, volume growth, of course, will be an important piece of the overall growth. And we continue to be on track for that to happen. We -- as Bert mentioned, as you think about gross margin, and we're not giving specific guidance, that we do believe if you look at the overall commodity complex with the exception of dairy, which there is no futures market on, we have good visibility and we would expect while there will be volatility, it will move more in a more modest range and probably more sideways than it has for a while. But we continue to believe that we're still in a longer-term bull market, but you might see a bit of moderation here for a while.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then just a quick follow-up. On the commodity cost outlook for 2013, how locked in are you for next year at this point? Obviously, I think you have longer-term forward looks on cocoa, but the dairy market is pretty volatile here. Can you just give us a sense for how confident you are that the other numbers will be pretty flat to down?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. Alexia, we don't provide specific hedging figures for competitive reasons, and obviously many of our competitors don't provide any information whatsoever. What I would say is, our K says we're normally in that 3- to 24-month range. The fact that we're already signaling that we're fairly confident around gross margin expansion is that we have reasonable coverage within the amount of information that we're able to provide. And you've seen that the commodities have seemed to level out a little bit. Cocoa is a little higher than it was recently, [indiscernible] sugar spot prices. And the spot price is obviously not indicative of how you might project this. But peanuts are a little better, sugar is a little better, dairy is the one that's going the other way based on higher corn. But overall, I would say even energy, the basket itself is a bit more stable to down. And we hope to -- we're expecting to benefit from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. A couple of questions. In the measure channel data, it looks like extensions, Rolo Minis; Simple Pleasures, of which is not an extension but a brand; and then Jolly Ranchers varieties, those are doing great, something like a few points of growth in total from those. Air Delights doesn't seem to be lapping as well, which surprised me. Could you comment on the sources of innovation lift? Obviously, you can see more of your business than we can.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think your comments are correct, in that we feel really good about the -- those most recent innovations. I think with regard to Air Delight, we're still trying to work through our communication messages. We think the product's a terrific product. It's a form that does well in a number of different countries around the world. We do well with it in Brazil. And so, we're really working through what we think the messaging is. So I wouldn't say that it's something that we're not committed to because we're very committed to getting it figured out, but I think it's also different enough and new enough that it's going to continue to take some work for us. And -- so that would be my comment there. We feel really good about the emphasis we put on the breath freshener and non-chocolate business we have this year. As you mentioned, in non-chocolate, we're up about 9.2% versus a category up 3.5% in the most recent 12 weeks. And in breath fresher, about 20%, with the category up about 13% across xAOC. So those have worked really hard for us. And then we're very excited about what we have coming in 2013. So again, we've talked about our philosophy on innovation, and we want to make sure that we stick with these things, that we advertise in the second year and really look at them as long-term as possible. Churn is not really good for the category. And if we can have a stickier innovation, it's really better for everybody. And we feel good about the things that we've been doing over the last several years and certainly this most recent freshman class of innovation.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And a second question on Brookside in particular. It looks like ACV is 37% in measure channels and it was representing about 70 basis points of your sales in the last 12 weeks. I'm trying to think about how you are thinking about the potential lift of this product. It seems that it would be able to be doubled at least in distribution. And then maybe an advertising push or marketing push might get you even more. So 1 to 2 points of lift from that product. I mean, how are you thinking about what that can do for you in '13?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I really like the way you're thinking about it. And just to give you a sense of our own confidence competence as I said in my earlier comment, we have doubled our manufacturing capacity for the brand. We've -- it's been exceeding our expectations so far. And so we have, outside of Costco, really the U.S. expansion coming in 2013. And then, we're hopeful that this brand can play even broader than that, although we're taking it one step at a time, but we're very positive about the contribution Brookside will make.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JP Morgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit more detail about how you performed in C-stores in some states like California where retail gasoline costs were higher? I'm just curious to what degree you were hurt by that? Or maybe you even picked up some velocity by consumers filling up more often? Just curious how that went.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I'm not sure that I can add a lot of value on California specific. If you look at total CMG, the category in the 12 weeks was up about 4.3%. Hershey was up about 8.9%. We gained 1.3 share points in that time frame. And so we continue to hear very positive things from the C-store channel as we talk to operators. And so I would just say, Ken, that these guys are positive. I would anticipate that if gasoline -- we have pretty consistently said that we don't believe gasoline prices in our category have really negatively impacted how we've been doing. Now as we see that gas -- the price of oil is moderating and gasoline may come down a quarter or more. If we've been wrong about that all along, then I guess, we should get a nice tailwind from that. But -- so those would be my only real comments. But I feel good about the way we continue to perform. And more importantly, that channel feels good about the way they are performing.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes, Ken, this is Mark. The only other thing I would add, J.P. mentioned that C-store CMG takeaway was up 4.3%, and that's with gum being a mid-single digit tailwind for the category. So that means chocolate, non-chocolate and mints in C-stores grew greater than the historical growth rate of 3% to 4%.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then one follow-up regarding gum there, Mark. Are you guys seeing anything -- there's been some innovation in the category, there's been some more focus from the branded leaders on value items. I realize gum isn't a huge deal for you, obviously, you'd rather it do better than worse. But are you seeing any signs of life in the category? Anything from the leaders that is giving you some hope there? Or is it just too early to tell?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, Ken. I don't think that we see anything different than the comments that probably all of us have batted around. It's a category that innovation is important. When there's innovation, there tends to be advertising. And those are the basic drivers within the category. And so if we begin to see something different there, then the expectation may be different.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Granger with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just 2 questions on Asia. First, just wanted to get your latest thoughts on capacity utilization levels in the region and in China specifically, and how you might choose to address your capacity needs, whether you think that something you anticipate reaching a decision on during the next few quarters. And just to revisit the JV in India and your decision to buy out your partner's interest there. In the past, you talked about having some concerns about the quality of the brands and the pricing power that they had in the market. And I guess, just in the context of those prior comments, I just wanted to get your thoughts again on the benefits of bringing those brands into your overall portfolio.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, let me address Asia first. So we've made a long-term commitment to our Asia business, more importantly, China. The joint venture project that we have with Lotte and our factory outside of Shanghai is essentially fully utilized. And we continue to look at our Asia footprint for manufacturing. We were at a point where we need greater capacity to meet the needs of our domestic business. So where that plant has supplied product to some of the other Asian markets in addition to China, we'll probably think of that more as a China domestic plant, and then look at how we expand manufacturing under some combination of a new footprint. And there's several options that we're looking at there that could include additional manufacturing in China for China or in Southeast Asia. And as those things become clear to us, certainly we'll communicate what that is. In our India business, first of all, we simply feel good about being in control of our own destiny there. And we've commented on the background of that some. We have a portfolio there that doesn't really have any of the Hershey brands, with the exception of Hershey's Syrup, which does very, very well in the Indian market. And so we're in a couple of states in the south. We have a very basic sugar confectionery portfolio, with the exception of a couple of very interesting beverage brands, which we're optimistic about growing. And so what we're really focused on is building out our sales capability to broaden our footprint, bring what we feel are stronger brands -- Mahalacto is a good brand. And we believe that we can communicate some brand benefits behind that. And so, really distribution penetration in a broader geography, increasing our sales capability and then communicating with consumers around those brands, which we feel bring benefits, and then expanding the Hershey portfolio as appropriate in those markets is really what our plan is. I think India is a country for us where it's more of a journey than an event. And so that's really how we think about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolas.
Daniel Stephen - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: This is Dan in for Chris. This is actually Dan for Chris. We were curious, do you expect heavy SG&A spending again next year? I mean, should we think about it at a rate much faster than sales growth?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. I think when we were last talking about that from a future perspective was back in June. And given our plans, particularly outside of the U.S., although to some degree in the U.S. as well, we think of SG&A as an investment area over the next couple of years, which would be a bit higher than what we're projecting for sales growth in that 5 to 7 range. The reason for that really are more in terms of sales capability and sales force expansion in markets such as China, continuing to do our market research and putting infrastructure on the ground as we expand the 5 global brands into more of the countries where we operate. So could be somewhat comparable to what we're seeing this year in terms of an annual rate. So I would say, yes, slightly above what we think of as sales growth. Let's say, in the next year or 2 -- when you look at the back half, I guess, of the 5-year plan that we talked about in June, we would expect about that point to be getting leverage out of SG&A.
Daniel Stephen - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, is there anything unique in the phasing of the SG&A investment? I mean, is it going to support -- is it going to be lumpy at all? Or is it going to relatively even through the year?
Humberto P. Alfonso: This year, it was a bit lumpy, I would say, in terms of year-on-year growth, right? We started in the first quarter, it was single-digit, and then I think we were at about 10% to 12% for the last couple of quarters. And we expect it to be somewhere in that range in the fourth quarter. So I think you're going to see it be mostly even but there is some lumpiness, and you saw that this year in the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to know a little more specifics on India and China. Can you tell me specifically what you're investing in for 2013 for China? And what kind of a step up could that deliver in terms of sales? Or do we really have to wait until '14 before the platform gets significantly bigger? And then secondly, as you talk to your U.S. retailers about global brands and your commitment behind these global brands, has that helped you gain distribution for hard candy items that may not have been emphasized as big as before?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, let me talk about China first, and then we'll talk a bit about the global brands and how that's worked for us. We're still very much in an invest mode in China on several fronts. So you may recall, in June, we talked about expanding our 5 global brands. Certainly in China, the expansion of our portfolio is very important. KISSES is a primary footprint -- or really a primary portfolio brand for us today, and so we'll be expanding that portfolio beginning in 2013. We're also increasing our sales capability and coverage as we put more feed on the street, and we're increasing our advertising across more cities than we've had before. So those are 3 pretty big fundamental investments that we'll continue to make in China. And then I think if you come back to one of Bert's comments earlier, we will -- if you look at our current 5-year plan and you start to look at the real leverage on these investments, it's really going to be more in the second half of that 5-year plan, although we expect strong net sales performance out of that kind of portfolio expansion. So while I don't want to project a specific number of category growth obviously across those key markets placed into that, but this is a market we want to win in and really grow our business, and so we're very dedicated to that. In terms of global brands, the one example that I would give you is, Walmart has a program in some of their different markets where they put in an American type portfolio in the stores. So brands like Reese's in Japan have benefited from that, part of our portfolio has benefited from that in Europe. And you see other retailers which have similar types of programs where they have U.S. sections and U.S. brands. Costco is certainly another brand that does that in some of their Asian markets as well. So where we have customers that -- retailers that we work well with here and they have some of those specific kinds of programs, our brands tend to benefit from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask really quickly on advertising. You're on track this year to have grown advertising investment at nearly a 30% CAGR since 2006. This comes at a time when many staples companies are talking about opportunities to find efficiency savings to this line. So first, can you talk about the returns you're getting out of this investment? And second, do you believe you're close to a point where we could start to get some margin leverage on advertising spend going forward?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, let me just talk about that decision philosophically is, we believe that it's been very good for the category and certainly a key driver of why our category has maybe performed differently than some other areas in the store because it's supported [indiscernible] with strong in-store merchandising, it brings people into the stores. So we feel good about the philosophy that we've had about being a brand building company and being able to invest in those brands. And I also remember, in that number, we're expanding advertising across a broader part of our portfolio and in markets that we've never made advertising investments before. So there's a lot of different parts to that. The other comment I would make is, we are very rigorous about measuring the ROI of our advertising. We have sophisticated models that help us understand lift and certainly isolate that. We wouldn't continue to be advertising the way we are if we didn't think we were getting a good return on investment. And then because of the level of investment we're making in the category, we're actually getting a higher GRP delivery versus the actual dollars that we're investing. So there's also efficiencies beyond the dollars that you see. Our actual GR delivery rates are higher actually even than the spend, so that's another way to think about the leverage that we're getting off of that advertising.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I appreciate the philosophy. I appreciate it quite a bit. It's a healthy sort of investment. But it must come with some degree of diminishing returns as you continue to ramp it. Is there a point where you say, "Enough is enough. We've kind of reached a steady-state." And are you close to that point?
John P. Bilbrey: Well on some brands -- so think of it as an S-curve and there's a point in that S-curve by which you move from growth levels to maintenance levels and then a point where the variable spend wouldn't be very efficient. So we're just continuously reviewing what is the right point along that curve. And then also remember that we've introduced innovation around our core brand -- innovation, a lot of that has been around core brand. So you also get a halo effect, you get a benefficient -- an efficient use of being able to move that advertising from purely core into some of the innovation and also try to tweak the investment that way. There's a point by which the advertising doesn't have an effective return. We certainly don't feel as though that we've reached that point. And I'll reassure you that we're quite rigorous in making sure that we don't waste a single dollar.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I may have missed it, but can you just talk about why your SMA was actually lower than your expectations? Was it -- did it have to do with any investments internationally? And have you -- you have your international investments in lower or higher than your initial expectations? Just if you could just address those 2 issues.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. Ken, I think overall, it was a bit of timing between the quarters, and so we're focused on completing some of that work in the fourth quarter. And it's a mix of U.S. and international. So it's not really more pronounced in one or the other. There continues to be sales force expansion, and that is primarily an international focus. But market research around product launches and some of the work that we're doing around advertising new brands, those are the primary areas. And so while we thought we'd be a bit higher in the third quarter, we think some of that sort of levels off in the fourth. So it's not really, to be honest, focused in 1 market versus another, other than, again, with that caveat of sales force expansions primarily outside of the U.S.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So just to be clear, your rate of investment internationally has not changed in any way? And there's nothing that gives you any evidence that you should be slowing or increasing or -- your commitment to international has not waned at all.
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, I would say that -- I actually said that while the rate itself of investments are higher just given the different base outside of the U.S., the planned investments and how we're thinking about it in terms of completing this year and working on the things that will help us to grow next year aren't really different.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know that M&A particularly on the international side is a high priority for use of cash. It has been for a while. And I know your midterm international goals in terms of the sales that you're looking for would certainly require some activity in that level or in the M&A side over the next couple of years. So I'm just curious, any change there that you're seeing in either the pipeline that's out there? Or availability of potential assets? Or changes in multiples, that change of thinking there? Really just trying to get a sense if anything's changed there since we haven't talked much about that today.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. Andrew, I don't know that there's been a significant change. We continue to have discussions around M&A opportunities in the areas that we've discussed in the past, local brand, good sales force capability and distribution and those types of things. I would say that the multiples are not that different. They continue to be higher in Asia than you would find in other markets for the obvious reasons, expectations around higher growth rates. We're -- continue to focus on the use of cash in the M&A space. We don't include it in the model. And then we've kind of -- I guess, given some feel for the size of it in the -- on our aspiration of a $10 billion number that we put out there. But I would say it's steady as she goes. We're hopeful that we can make M&A part of our value creating formula, and that's the way we think about it.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then just a quick follow-up. Just maybe sort of an update on just how the sort of the joint venture, if you will, that you've got with Ferrero around some of the distribution and warehousing and things. And just how has that played out? Has it delivered on kind of what your sort of hopes had been? And to the extent that there's some other opportunity along those lines, would this I guess experience suggest that there's more that can be done, whether with that player or other ones down the line?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I would say that it's progressing well. We talked about the development of a distribution center in Canada. We're executing against -- both parties are pleased with the progress we've made in terms of carrying the product together, and we're realizing the savings that we thought we would. It's logistics-based. I agree with you that those are the types of opportunities that we think are available to us in other markets. As you said, whether it's with Ferrero or someone else, these sort of pre-competitive collaborative arrangements that save money for both parties, I think we'll -- you'll see more of that in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'd like to start off with the -- going back to Brookside a little bit. Can you -- and I think you mentioned this earlier but I missed it, the timing of the new lines that you're adding, when do they come on stream?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, Dave, we're building inventories now in anticipation of our launch in the U.S. That's still enabling us to meet what is a growing existing business. And in early Q1 is when that will really be up and running at capacity. So that's why we have the U.S. launch happening in the first quarter because we will have the ability then to feed demand behind that expansion and distribution build.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Will you have the full slate of the Brookside product lineup included in the "first quarter launch?"
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, the line as it exists today will certainly be fully available. And we're always looking at what the total portfolio for Brookside could be.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just continuing on this. The current Brookside in the United States is mostly in Costco, and so the incremental focus would be getting all the other food classes of trade -- I think that's the primary focus of it. How does C-store and other classes of trade fit in with Brookside?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, the initial launch would be focused on the channels that you described, but we believe Brookside, especially because of its hand-to-mouth usage, has a place in C-store. And we're evaluating what those packages ought to look like.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And final question, is this a mix positive product for the portfolio?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, Brookside is a very attractive product for us from a gross margin standpoint.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question on the volume trends or the volume trajectory for your base business. So if you look at volume growth in excluding new products, in excluding acquisitions in the U.S., it looks like it's improved a bit sequentially. If you could just give us a little bit of color in terms of where it stands now relative to kind of where your expectations were related to just elasticity taking a lot of pricing in the last 1.5 years? And how do you feel about the volume -- kind of where volumes have recovered relative to the pricing you've taken? And then if you look into, I guess, 2013, part of the model is going to depend upon that volume improving, just what gives you the confidence that, that occurs in '13?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I would tell you that we're about where we thought we would be. And I use the word about, this is not a perfect science. So as we would look over this whole timeframe since we took the pricing, I really emphasize what we've said all along that we think by the end of 2012, we'll have achieved conversion to volume. And so we've seen some quarters where versus the model that might be up or down slightly. But actually, we feel pretty good about where it's at. It was up in this most recent quarter, so we feel good about that. And we think it will continue in 4Q to where ultimately we're predicting it to be. You saw that in the mix numbers across the total business. And our core brands really are tracking again about where we thought it would be. So we don't feel any differently than what we've been communicating.
Operator: Okay, there are no further...
Mark K. Pogharian: I guess -- thank you for joining us for today's conference call. And Matt Miller and myself will be available for any follow-up questions that any analysts and investors will have. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Humberto P. Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tabitha, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company Second Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Tabitha. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company second quarter 2012 conference call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2011 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we've said within the note, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss 2012 second quarter results excluding net pre-tax charges of $24.9 million, or $0.07 per share-diluted, which are primarily related to the Project Next Century program. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges, non-service-related pension expense, and acquisition and integration costs related to Brookside Foods. With that out of the way, let me now turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark. I want to thank all of you on the phone and the webcast for joining us today. Today, I'm pleased to report that The Hershey Company had another strong quarter with strong marketplace performance. We achieved market share gains in virtually all classes of trade. Total Hershey's CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, retail takeaway for the year-to-date period through June 16, 2012, in channels that account for about 90% of our U.S. retail business, was up 6.1%, resulting in a 0.3-point market share again. As a reminder, this is x AOC+C-store data consisting of the food, drug, mass, x and C-store channels plus the inclusion of Walmart and partial Dollar, Club and Military channels. Our results for the second quarter were solid, as net sales increased 6.7% and adjusted EPS-diluted grew 17.9%. Bert will provide you with all of the financial details. But as it relates to net sales, growth was primarily driven by net price realization. New product contributed about 2 points to our quarterly sales growth while everyday core volume was off about 3 points. In terms of marketplace performance, the reported IRI and Nielsen second quarter, the 12-week period ended June 16, does not encompass the entire Easter season in both the year-ago and current periods. Therefore, my remarks today will refer to year-to-date marketplace performance for the 24 weeks ended June 16, 2012. As it relates to Easter, we had good sell-through and gained Easter market share of 0.9 points in the xAOC universe. We won Easter for the fourth consecutive year, and our market share in this key season expanded to about 36%. Although, note that the shorter Easter season in 2012 versus 2011 is a headwind to our overall chocolate market share performance this year. Now for some further details on our overall year-to-date marketplace performance. Hershey marketplace performance by segment is progressing as planned. Recall, the year-ago period benefited from our major product launches, primarily Reese's Minis and Hershey's Drops, that occurred early in the year. Our more significant 2012 innovation builds in Q2 and beyond, and we expect this will have a favorable impact on our marketplace performance in the second half of the year. xAOC+C-store CMG year-to-date category growth is up a solid 5.1%. The combined segments of chocolate, non-chocolate and mints grew 6.9%, while gum declined about 3.5%. Growth by channel has varied. However, the confectionery category is advantaged and ubiquitous. While we focus on all points of distribution, we've been flexible and focused on our efforts and resources with faster-growing customers and classes of trade. Specifically, year-to-date CMG growth in the expanded xAOC universe, which includes Walmart, partial Dollar, Club and Military, increased 7.4%. Hershey retail takeaway was solid across all of these channels. For the year-to-date period ended June 16, 2012, xAOC+C-store chocolate category growth was up plus 6.1%. xAOC+C-store chocolate retail takeaway for Hershey was plus 4.3% with market share off 0.7 points. As I mentioned earlier and as planned, Hershey's chocolate performance was impacted by a shorter Easter period and the timing of chocolate new product launches, as well as in-store promotions and programming. We have solid plans in place over the remainder of the year supporting new products in our core chocolate business and expect our chocolate marketplace performance to improve sequentially in the second half. Year-to-date, xAOC+C-store non-chocolate category growth was up 8.5%. Here, we lead the way. And Hershey's non-chocolate xAOC+C-store retail takeaway was up 16.9%, resulting in a market share gain of 1.1 points. The solid performance was driven by continued TWIZZLERS momentum, including the twisted summers promotion, and the new Jolly Rancher Crunch 'N Chew product. In the C-store class of trade, CMG year-to-date category growth was up 8.8%. Total Hershey C-store performance was particularly strong with takeaway up plus 10.6%, resulting in a share gain of 0.5 points. Hershey's C-store performance was balanced with retail takeaway up 9.7%, 16.2% and 19.4% in chocolate, non-chocolate and mints. These gains were driven by pricing, new products, core brand advertising and merchandising and programming, including our promotional tie-in with The Avengers movie. Convenience stores will be an important contributor to our marketplace performance in the second half, but as we lap the price increase, we would expect the growth rate to temper over the remainder of the year. I'd like to make a note that Nielsen C-store service in the first half of the year was based on a sample of 12,000 C-stores with a mixture of scan and audit data collections. Nielsen C-store service for the second half of the year will increase by 7,000 chain C-stores, with all sample stores providing scan data. Therefore, we could see some slight changes in C-store retail trends over the remainder of the year from this improved service that is more focused on additional chain C-stores. As it relates to our 2012 innovation, recall that it's balanced between chocolate and sweets and refreshment. The launch and rollout of new items, such as Jolly Rancher Crunch 'N Chew, ICE BREAKERS DUO, Rolo Minis and Hershey's Simple Pleasures, are tracking as expected and, as I mentioned, were a net positive to the top line. Although ICE BREAKERS DUO and Simple Pleasures got on shelf late in Q2, we believe they have yet to have an impact on our marketplace results. Let me provide you with some additional new product details. In the non-chocolate segment, Jolly Rancher Crunch 'N Chew year-to-date takeaway in the xAOC+C-store channels is tracking as expected, making this product the largest non-chocolate candy launch this year. While early, ICE BREAKERS DUO is showing strong end-market performance. ACV distribution is building and will close by our target at the end of July. Importantly, ICE BREAKERS DUO is experiencing good initial trial and extremely strong repeat. Advertising and sampling started in the mid-July, and we think there could be upside to our initial plan. Rolo Minis launched in late March and is our latest extension in the hand-to-mouth space. It achieved fast distribution and is tracking ahead of expectations for both trial and repeat. Additionally, core Rolo brand performance is up versus last year and in late July, we'll activate TV advertising on this brand for the first time in over 25 years. Initial distribution of Simple Pleasures is on target. This FDMx-specific product is garnering merchandising and programming at select customers. Marketing plans are in place, including advertising and a high-value FSI in mid-August, to drive trial and repeat. In addition to our innovation, over the remainder of the year, we have many exciting promotions, programs and merchandising events in place across all of our channels. Some of the activity we have planned includes S'mores programming that will run throughout the key summer dates and into fall tailgating; a couple of TWIZZLERS summer programs, one is tied into the Spiderman movie and another that will award a lucky consumer a chance to win a new car filled with their favorite TWIZZLER products; as well as the summer Reese's and Coca-Cola promotion. Outside of the U.S., our international business is on track, especially in geographies of China, Mexico and Brazil. In China, Hershey continues to be one of the fastest-growing international chocolate companies, as our chocolate growth rate is double the category in the cities where we're focused. In Mexico, we've seen strong growth in the Hershey's and KISSES franchise and on sweets and refreshments. Our Pelon Pelo Rico net sales are up double digits on a percentage basis, driven by the introduction of the Peloneta lollipop. In Brazil, we continue to make good progress. And following our distribution gains, we'll begin advertising in additional cities during 2012. Given the volatility in the financial markets, we've updated our estimates for the full year related to the strong U.S. dollar. In our key international markets, we still expect double-digit reported net sales growth for the full year, but it is less than our earlier outlook and year-ago due to the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. As we outlined at our investor update last month, we'll continue our disciplined investments in distribution and go-to-market capabilities in these key markets that continue to drive solid local currency and marketplace results. Now to wrap up. I'm pleased with the way the confectionery category and Hershey continue to perform in the marketplace. Macroeconomic challenges still exist. However, we feel good about the performance of the confectionery category. Shipments of back-to-school and Halloween essentially had no year-over-year impact in Q2. To date, retail customer Halloween orders are on track with our outlook. Similar to Easter, we believe we have the right mix of seasonal-specific advertising, couponing and programming. Over the remainder of the year, we're confident that our innovation, advertising and in-store execution will continue to drive top line growth. As previously mentioned, advertising will increase low double digits on a percentage basis versus last year, supporting U.S. and international brand-building initiatives. Our plans are on track, and we expect organic volume growth to accelerate in the second half of the year and be up for the full year 2012. Therefore, including estimated net sales of the Brookside acquisition, about a 1.5-point benefit at current exchange rates, we expect full year net sales growth of about 7% to 9%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Bert will provide further details, but given our gross margin gains and SM&A investments to be made over the remainder of the year, we have increased our full year adjusted earnings per share-diluted outlook and expect it to increase 12% to 14%. I'll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some additional detail on our financial results.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Thanks, J.P., and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that Hershey posted another strong quarter. Consolidated net sales in the second quarter totaled $1.41 billion, up 6.7% versus the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $0.66, up 17.9% versus a year ago, was better than our expectations primarily due to solid gross margin and earlier resolution of certain tax items. I have more on each of these points shortly. Net price realization, primarily in the U.S., increased 6.6 points in the quarter and slightly better than expectations. Excluding a 2.4-point benefit from the Brookside acquisition, net volume declined 1.1 points. Note that in the U.S., new products contributed about 2 points of growth, while everyday core was off about 3 points. While relatively in line with historical volume elasticity, Q2 core volume was slightly lower than our assumption when we last spoke. Finally, foreign currency exchange rates were unfavorable by 1.2 points. Turning now to gross margins. During the second quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 170 basis points, driven by greater-than-expected net price realization, supply chain efficiencies and productivity gains, which were partially offset by higher input costs of approximately $25 million. Commodity spot markets continued to be volatile, and we expect that volatility to continue in the upcoming months. As previously stated, we have good visibility into our cost structure, and there is no material change in our full year inflation outlook. Given our gross margin gains for the first 6 months of the year, we now expect adjusted gross margin to increase 100 to 120 basis points versus our previous estimate of 90 to 100 basis points. In the second quarter, adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes, or EBIT, increased about 9%, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin of 17.5%, up about 40 basis points versus last year. As expected, SM&A, excluding advertising, increased mid-teens on a percentage basis versus last year. Over the remainder of the year, we expect SM&A expenses, excluding advertising, to increase 15% to 20% in the third quarter but lower in the fourth quarter. These planned investments are primarily concentrated in marketing and go-to-market capabilities in both the U.S. and international markets, as well as expenses related to our new R&D center in China and other employee-related costs. Advertising expense in Q2 increased about 10% versus the year-ago period. For the first 6 months of 2012, advertising was up about 12% versus 2011 and in line with low double-digit percentage increase forecasted for the full year. Now, let me provide an update of our international businesses. On a reported basis, net sales in our targeted focus markets, Mexico, China, Brazil and India, were about flat due to the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Despite the stronger U.S. dollar, on a local currency basis, we're pleased with our overall sales performance in these markets. Our business has continued to grow above category growth rates. And on a percentage basis, local currency net sales were up solid double digits in China and Mexico and high single digits in Brazil. The investments we've made in these target markets are enabling our brands to gain momentum in the marketplace. We'll continue to make disciplined investments in these markets over the remainder of the year to drive brand awareness and trial. For the full year 2012, we expect reported net sales outside of the U.S. and Canada to increase about 15%, in line with our strategic plan, including the negative impact of foreign exchange. Operating income outside the U.S. and Canada was down in the second quarter due mostly to the net season -- net sale seasonalization of our focus markets. Moving down the P&L. For the quarter, interest expense was in line with the expectations, coming in at $24.3 million versus $23.4 million in the prior period. For the full year 2012, we continue to expect interest expense to be approximately $95 million to $105 million. The adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 32%, lower than a year ago and the outlook we provided in April. Various tax audits were concluded in the second quarter that we had planned for in the second half of the year. As a result, we expect the tax rate to be higher in the third quarter and below the annual average in Q4. For the full year, we continue to expect the tax rate to be slightly below 35%. In the second quarter of 2012, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 228.9 million versus 230.3 million in 2011, leading to adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $0.66, up 17.9% versus year-ago. Let me now provide a quick recap of the year-to-date adjusted results. Net sales increased 8.9% in the first half. Adjusted EBIT increased 19.6%, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin gain of 180 basis points to 19.6% from 17.8%. Advertising increased 12% on a year-to-date basis, in line with the low double-digit percentage increase forecasted for the full year. Year-to-date adjusted gross margin was 45 -- 44.5% versus 42.7% last year, or 180 basis points higher, as net price realization and productivity more than offset commodity costs. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted in the first half increased 26% to $1.62 per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the second quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year's second quarter by $200 million. Accounts receivable was up $56 million, primarily due to higher June sales year-on-year, in part due to the timing of last year's price increase. Accounts receivable aging remains extremely current. Inventory increased $133 million year-over-year, primarily due to production associated with the Project Next Century transition and the timing of strategic purchases of key ingredients. Over the remainder of the year, we expect these items to work through the system, and year-end 2012 inventory will be about at 2011 ending levels. And finally, accounts payable decreased $11 million, primarily due to lower capital spend levels. In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software were $56 million in the quarter. These amounts include Project Next Century capital expenditures of $12 million. In 2012, we expect the ongoing CapEx to be approximately $240 million to $250 million, excluding Project Next Century. Our total 2012 CapEx estimate of $305 million to $320 million includes Project Next Century capital of approximately $65 million to $70 million. Depreciation and amortization was $55 million in the second quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to Project Next Century of approximately $6 million. In 2012, we are forecasting total operating depreciation and amortization of about $195 million to $205 million, consistent with our previous estimates. Dividends paid during the quarter were $84 million. We did not acquire any stock in the second quarter related to the current share repurchase program or replace shares issued in connection with stock option exercises. Cash on hand at the end Q2 was $590 million. And as we exit the second quarter, we are well positioned to support the seasonal working capital needs of the business, which peak in the third quarter. Let me now provide an update on Project Next Century. We are pleased with the progress we've made at the West Hershey plant expansion. Construction and line installation are largely complete, and our current focus is on line performance optimization. The forecast for total pre-tax GAAP charges and non-recurring project implementation costs related to the program has been increased from $150 million to $160 million to $160 million to $180 million due to higher-than-expected disposition costs of the legacy facility. The higher projected costs could increase further if severed employee withdrawals from the pension plan in the second half of the year exceed certain accounting threshold levels, which trigger a pension settlement charge. Importantly, any pension settlement charges would be noncash. By 2014, we continue to expect ongoing annual savings to be approximately $65 million to $80 million. Now let me summarize. As we enter the third quarter, we are well positioned to deliver on our financial objectives. As stated earlier, we expect full year advertising expenses to increase low-double digits on a percentage basis versus last year to support seasons, new product launches and core brands in both the U.S. and international markets. Our plans are on track, and we expect organic volume growth to accelerate in the second half and be up for the full year. Therefore, including an estimated 1.5-point net sales benefit from the Brookside acquisition, we expect 2012 net sales, including the impact of foreign exchange, to increase 7% to 9%. We expect that commodity markets will remain volatile. However, we have visibility into our cost structure. While we continue to anticipate higher input costs, there is no change in our full year inflation outlook. As previously mentioned, due to greater-than-expected net price realization, we now expect the adjusted gross margin to increase 100 to 120 basis points. As stated earlier, for the full year 2012, we expect SM&A expenses including -- excluding advertising, to increase low double digits on a percentage basis versus last year. We will continue to make planned investments in marketing and go-to-market capabilities in both the U.S. and international markets. As a result, we now expect 2012 earnings per share-diluted growth of 12% to 14%, greater than our previous estimate of 12 -- of 10% to 12%. Before we go to Q&A, I'd like to provide a recap of the timing of unique items discussed earlier that will impact Q3 and Q4. So as you work your models, please note the following: Over the remainder of the year, we expect organic net sales contribution from net price realization and volume to be more balanced as we lap the price increase. Therefore, gross margin gains in the second half of the year will be less than the year-to-date gains. In the third quarter, we expect SM&A expense, excluding advertising, to increase 15% to 20%. And we expect the effective tax rate in Q3 to be higher than the annual rate. As a result of all these moving parts and higher SM&A in Q3, we would expect Q4 to drive EPS in the second half. We'll now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: How would you describe the overall category innovation environment right now, not just from you but your competitors? Because -- I'm asking because your market share gains are impressive across the board. I'm trying to get a sense of whether you're seeing competitors innovate as you'd expect them to or whether we're in a period where maybe some of your competitors are off their game. And I don't really know. I'm just curious if, in your opinion, you're beating the best at their best, or whether we should expect a tougher challenge going forward. I know that -- I know this requires a subjective answer. I'm just curious how you see things at the moment in that regard.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Sure, Ken. Well, first of all, it always feels like we're competing against the best every day. But I think the innovation in the category, we're seeing a little bit more of a tick-up than we have over the last couple of years. And just kind of to put things in perspective, I feel really good about the overall category growth. I think the fundamentals in the category are good. Our competitors had solid innovation in the first quarter. Our second quarter innovation was very much around some of our sweets and refreshments brands. And therefore, you had a little bit of a difference between what our innovation looked like versus some of the competitors' innovation. But I think it's really good for the -- I think it's really good for the category. The final point I would just make from our standpoint is, is that our overall growth algorithm is to have about 1 point of growth from innovation. We feel good that we're probably going to, this year, be well above that, probably in the 1.5-plus point range, and we were better than that last year. So I think -- I think it's a good environment. And we have tough competitors and they're doing well, but I think that's good for everybody.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then one more. I think last year you had, if memory serves, fewer Halloween products offered. I don't think there was -- you didn't do the harvest packaging after Halloween, I think. Did you address some of those issues? How should we think about how you're feeling about that season and correcting maybe some of the problems you had last year?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we're correcting for those things and we feel really good about the visibility we have to Halloween and the holidays for the balance of the year. Remember, one of the things you don't want to do is win share the week after those holiday events, because that's when all of the significant markdowns are. So I think we're getting better and better every time. It's selling what we believe the consumer is looking to consume, and it continues to work well for retailers and we continue to grow well in the seasons and perform how we would like.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: With, I guess, much of the EPS upside in the second half that you expect looking to come from continued gross margin-related strength, I'm just curious, is that -- is that still going to be driven by, sort of, what you saw in this quarter, which is, I guess, a bit better-than-anticipated pricing coming through, at least relative to when you had started the whole, sort of, pricing action last year?
John P. Bilbrey: Andrew, I think I would characterize it a little bit different than that. If you think about -- we're looking for sales to come in again in that 7% to 9% range. We're slightly ahead of that at the halfway point, mostly because we had a very strong first quarter and we had the pricing on the Easter holiday. But again, that still calls for good sales performance in the back half. The pricing will actually play a smaller role in Qs 3 and 4 because we've completely lapped it at this stage, other than the Halloween and holiday period. And so we've averaged probably about 170 to 175 basis points of gross margin in the first half of the year. We will expect that, obviously, given our outlook of 100 to 120, to be somewhat less, specifically, because of the -- of pricing playing a smaller role. The counter to that is we certainly expect volumes to start accelerating and be more balanced between price and volume in the back half, which we haven't seen as much year-to-date. SM&A, I commented specifically on third quarter. We were -- we actually underspent a bit, as you recall, in the first quarter due to some timing. We're back to, sort of, where we thought we'd be. It's a little higher than the third quarter, so earnings in the back half driven by top line, a little bit lighter -- a little bit less gross margin due to lower price realization, a bit of investment behind the business to give us continued momentum against new products. And we think fourth quarter EPS is -- on a comparable basis, will sequentially be better than third quarter.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. The reason I asked is just because, given the $0.05 raise to the full year, a good part of that comes in the second half, which is still operating upside in the second half of the year. So I certainly understand what drove some of the upside in the second quarter, the margin side. I was just trying to get a better sense for what drives the rest of that upside in the back half. And I guess it's really just more of a combination of still, obviously, some of the pricing, although less significant in the first half, and then volumes starting to come back into a better balance into growth mode. Does that, I guess, make sense?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, that's exactly right. I -- that's exactly the way I would put it. We continue to get some pricing. But with the volume recovery there, we're expecting, despite the additional investment, that gives us the ability to upgrade the EPS outlook for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted ask you -- you gave a number early on, J.P., about -- when you were discussing the revenue growth for the quarter, and I think you said like a 2% benefit from new products and sort of your core down 3%. Was that referenced -- referencing just the U.S.? Or was that an overall comment for the company?
John P. Bilbrey: It's really a total number, but it's reflective of the U.S. business, so...
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess my only question in relation to that would be that international should have been a pretty solid contributor to that on a volume basis. And I just want to understand, kind of, how international played. And you mentioned, I think, double-digit reported growth but closer to maybe flat growth if you include FX in the quarter, if I heard that properly.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. From a volume perspective, international would've been a net plus. So we specifically -- we specifically broke out the U.S. piece just to be more transparent.
Mark K. Pogharian: But, Chris, international isn't a big driver in the second quarter, as much as some of it is -- some of the business is seasonal related, so there is -- you will probably see international being a bigger driver of quarterly results in the first and in the fourth.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Due to holidays and seasonal, I assume.
John P. Bilbrey: Correct.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just another question for you, just to be clear on the SM&A, sort of, guidance from here. You've indicated a pretty solid growth in SM&A in the third quarter. I'm sorry if I missed it, but how should we expect the fourth quarter SM&A, x advertising, to -- would that be down in the quarter?
John P. Bilbrey: It won't be down in the quarter, but it will be below the second quarter levels. And we said second quarter was sort of mid-teens. Third quarter is a little higher. 3 is up -- 3 up from 2, but 4 down from 2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to know, is there -- as you head into fourth quarter, the guidance I think implies kind of a deceleration in EPS growth, which I think is totally fine. But I want to know, are you planning on doing any kind of reinvestment in fourth quarter? Sometimes that happens when you're heading into a really strong year.
John P. Bilbrey: Right now, our reinvestment plans are pretty close to plan. So I wouldn't say that as a result of a strong first half that we've decided to increase higher than planned rates. There is a tax impact, obviously, in the third quarter, but we're getting the benefit in the second because of just the resolution of a couple of tax audits that we thought would come in the back half of the year. So I wouldn't characterize our investments in the back half, while they're stronger than the first half, as being in addition to what we thought we would be doing early in the year.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up. You have, obviously, very good visibility into Halloween. What about convenience stores in the back half? That's been a huge driver of growth. Do you have visibility there? Is the momentum -- do you expect the momentum just to continue? And what are your customers saying?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we have strong programming throughout the balance of the year, certainly, that's C-store focused. We continue to see strength in the channel, and so we feel really good about what our planning looks like and we can -- we continue to hear pretty optimistic commentary from our retailers as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I apologize in advance, juggling a couple of balls here, so I hope you didn't already comment on this. But volume this quarter -- I think last quarter, you were expecting it to be roughly flat. It's a little bit softer than that. Not trying to make a mountain out of a molehill here, but can you just help me understand where the shortfall was?
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. First of all, I would go back to the earlier comment I made about the category continues to perform well. We feel good about the fundamentals. We saw a little bit lower merchandising on our brands in the quarter than we do -- we did versus the previous quarter, which confirms for us some of the broad-based success of innovation in the category. So as we look at what we were lapping, what our programming was, we probably came in a little bit different than we did. Also remember, when we talk about innovation, even though that's on major brands and then we talk about the core volume, those are still core brands. So if you combine those 2, it's also really about 1 point there. FDMx was a little softer for us than was the balance but again, we grew. So I felt fairly good about that and while we would like to grow share in every category in perpetuity, we might not actually be able to do that, so...
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And one quick follow-up. I really appreciate the increased disclosure in terms of sales growth outside of North America. Can you add any commentary in terms of where we sit in terms of profit inflection there?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. In terms of our international business, the second quarter, I think Mark mentioned it, it's our lowest quarter internationally. You don't have Chinese New Year. Easter's big in a couple of the markets, particularly Brazil, a little bit in Mexico. And so the second quarter tends to be our low quarter, and we continue to invest at a pretty good pace as we build infrastructure in the selling and what have you. So we're actually, outside of U.S. and Canada, operating income net down. It's different from market to market. In markets where we've been longer, whether you talk about Mexico or Brazil, we tend to have a little bit more. In markets like China, where we're in a pretty strong reinvest mode, I'd say we're still a little bit further away. Now we can flex that as we think is necessary given the market conditions. But right now, we're seeing great top line growth, and we think making the strong investments now is the right thing to do for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about seasonal execution, specifically. Because it seems to me that even last Halloween, but certainly Easter, candy as a whole and Hershey, specifically, has taken endcaps from other categories, gotten great display activity and that's resulted in not only Hershey share gains, but good holidays overall for the candy industry. I wonder if -- can you comment on whether those trends are still intact, if that's accelerating or it's the same? And where do we stand in terms of that promotional execution, say, versus this time last year?
John P. Bilbrey: Jonathan, it's interesting. We have worked really, really hard on what we call prescriptive selling around holidays and in our -- in basically our seasonal events. And I think we're getting much, much better at how we execute, both in getting it up at the right time and then ensuring that it's selling through at the right time. So when we look at these events, we actually could probably sell more than we do in terms of the sell-in. But as we work with our retailers, one of the things they're learning too is, is they need to get these seasonal events off the floor to get into the next one so that they can also be timely. And so getting the sell-through to occur more at the planned rates is really important. So we just feel good about the overall execution. It leverages our sales organization, which is in there. It's our seasonal navigator tool, which is proprietary, that we help manage the category. And so I think if you bundle all of those things together, we're getting better. We've talked about S'mores, how it's almost become a season, and then we've had a terrific event with TWIZZLERS this summer. So the -- you're right on when you describe what you're seeing and it's very, very much how we challenge our seasonal team to work with retailers to make these things as prescriptive as possible.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. If I could just have one follow-up. Can you -- where would you say -- could you characterize where you stand in terms of shipment into, if any, of seasonal activity at this point? Or where are you going to run in terms of that? Is that going to run heavier, sooner or in line with last year or whatever?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, what I don't want to do is talk about what those volume targets are. What I would tell you is, is there's certainly no disappointment from our side or discussions with retailers that we're not collaborating on what we think the right volumes are. And so read that as a positive, not a negative. I guess the overall comment I'd make, if you look at our takeaway and our shipments where we feel really good about is, is that we continue to see those running very, very close, which is always a positive sign for the overall supply chain and how products are moving through the total system, and that usually is found money for everybody when you're efficient throughout the entire system. So we feel really good about the planning of those events for the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And forgive me if I -- if this was asked. I missed the first part of the Q&A. But there's been -- I guess as we've gone through earnings season, at least on the -- from some of the beverage companies, there's been a bit a controversy about whether or not there's been some slowing in the convenience channel, particularly late, I guess, in the second quarter and/or maybe the beginning of the third quarter. And so just your perspective on consumer behavior in that channel, whether you've noticed any change at all in your categories or just in general, just the consumer environment in that channel, would be helpful.
John P. Bilbrey: Bryan, first of all, I'll make a general comment that I think that it can be dangerous -- and I can't speak to the beverage guys. So I think it can be dangerous if we get too enamored by some of the short-term swings. However, in our business, we continue to see really robust C-store business. We continue to execute well. We've got good programming. So in the retailers that we talk to on our brands, they're pretty positive, frankly. And so while there's a lot of events, I think, and a lot of moving parts today that maybe didn't happen across channels as much over the last several years, for our brands, our category, we continue to see really good trends. And we feel good about the planning that we have.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And if I could follow up. Just now that we've-- we're closer to the end in terms of this last round of price increases, how do you feel about the optics for consumers? Have they fully adjusted to the price points that they're seeing on the shelf now, both in traditional food channels and also in C-stores? And how do you feel about there's -- given there's potential for volatility in input costs going forward, how do you feel about the base you have now in terms of consumers' comfort level with the price points they're seeing and the ability to basically have that as a base to work with going forward, I guess, potentially, at some point, if raw material costs increase, to raise prices off of this point? And also, do you feel comfortable that you don't have to discount back a lot from where you are now?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Bryan, I would say that given the price realization that we've seen in the first couple of quarters and by and large, while we were a little bit off on our second quarter volume call, it isn't anything that concerns us. We see good continued trends for the back half of the year. So I'd say that the consumer has adjusted reasonably well to the pricing. If we look at how -- at Easter as an indicator of how consumers might be feeling around Halloween and holiday, that's a good sign. I won't comment on timing or anything, other aspects of a price increase. We did say in New York recently at our analyst -- on our analyst day that we felt that costs would actually be down year-on-year given trends in 2013. Don't know what'll happen beyond that. So from our perspective, I -- we think innovation continues to be a driver and all of that comes out at the new price points, obviously. And so as long as there's news in the category and programming and those seasons, which are traffic draws for the retailer, we think that prices will continue to be well accepted by our consumers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Wanted to ask a little bit about the Reese's brand, and J.P., I'm sorry, I might have missed it if you said it earlier, but how did Reese's do overall? And then specifically, can you pull that apart a little bit and talk about Reese's Minis? I'm interested to hear how it does in its second year of launch. That was such a big product last year. And want to know if we're seeing any tailing off in that particular brand at this point. And then maybe, if you could talk a little bit about, how do you support a new product like that in its second year?
John P. Bilbrey: So let me start with the last part. If you think about how we're looking at innovation today, really, the most important thing is around innovation lifecycle versus just around what we knew, at one point, as a lot of limited editions, and those have a tendency to run their course and get tired. So we're very pleased with the innovation in total, not just on Reese's, but innovation in total that we have. We continue to advertise into year 2, and we continue to go beyond that because we really think that if our innovation is additive to our core business over time, that's obviously a good thing. If you look at Reese's in total, the Reese's core minus innovation, because of the amount of merchandising that happened in the introductory period of the Reese's Minis, you see the core merchandising was off a little bit in the quarter and that impacted the core business, which was down a little bit more than the innovation was up. So again, the Reese's business, we continue to feel really good about it. Reese's continues to grow for us. It's obviously a hugely important brand, and we think Minis is going to be around for a long time. And we hope that the whole hand-to-mouth occasion, not only on Reese's but across more of our brands, will continue to be a good growth builder for us.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And one follow-up. J.P., one of the things that, I think, really was so special about Hershey is that as the advertising spending increased in '08, '09, '10, '11 and now in '12 by such strong rates of increase, we saw that year after year, the places that you were putting the advertising on, those increases on, we saw very high rates of growth, almost as if the brands had just not been activated in a long time and reminding the consumers was causing high single-digit growth in most cases for the brands that you were activating. The question had been and continues to be, do you still see the same kind of momentum from the advertising campaigns today as you did in year 1 and year 2 of the initial increase in the advertising budget? Hopefully, that was reasonably clear.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. No, I understand. I think that when you think about initially activating a brand and certainly one that hasn't been nourished for a while, you get very good response initially. What's important in our overall plans is, is that we've gotten brands that were undernourished to what I would call sustaining levels. So you go through growth levels and you get to sustaining levels and at those sustaining levels, the goal is for those brands to continue to grow, which is what we're seeing. And then as we activate really in 2 different segments, we activate more broadly across our portfolio. But as you think about some of those brands like PayDay and York, et cetera, we have those brands that we will rotate through. So there's a segment of brands there that we believe we can do some rotation around. It benefits the brand. It keeps them current, in front of the consumer. And then the other segment I would talk about you're seeing as a part of the advertising is the investment in our international businesses in these core markets. So we really -- with our spend today, it's not just spending more on the same thing over and over again. We've really been able to become more efficient in terms of the GRPs we get, expand that across our portfolio and then further expand that across our geographies.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And, J.P., would you then say that this is the core of the thesis why you guys are continuing to be optimistic about not just 2012 but about 2013 and beyond that? Because it's not as if we're just going to reach a plateau and suddenly the benefits from the advertising stall out. This is how it continues in the future years. Is that more or less correct?
John P. Bilbrey: I -- Yes, I think that's right. And the real magic in so much of our growth algorithm and in our strategies is that we have these wonderful markets where you have GDP growth, the category is growing with GDP growth and we can participate in those markets, as we talked back in New York, that, that's not just a high-cost battle for share. That's really category growing. All manufacturers are participating. Consumers are entering [ph] the category. So it's very, very efficient to be able to grow that way and then we're very fortunate that we have a significant position in such a great market like North America. So if I look at the coming 5-plus years and our current strategic plan, I'm just really optimistic that we have a sound, disciplined approach to continue to deliver solid business growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It does looks like Hershey -- getting back to the innovation topic, which we've hit on already, it does looks like Hershey has rolled out fewer new products in terms of the number of new products than its competitors in this year, and that's striking given the fact that the market share gains are there. It seems like a year of pricing and reinvestment, widening the hit on advertising across more brands and allowing this year to be maybe a digestion year from the platforms and supporting year of the platforms that you rolled out in the last couple years. My question is, are you thinking that 2013 might be a year where you're past the digestion phase and the reinforcement phase of those platforms and you can get a little bit more active on the new product news front, maybe with a big platform or 2?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think, David, it's -- so we believe innovation is important to the category. There's no doubt about that. At the same time, when we're able to make the investments we want to make, execute against the fundamentals and pace our innovation in a way that we're delivering against what we see is a sound growth algorithm, that's what we're going to continue to do. And so we feel good about our pipeline. It's really about pacing. We believe that the right level of innovation for the category -- and we're seeing more innovation, I think, this year than we have. That's a good thing. We want to participate in that. But importantly, we want to ensure that we have sustainable innovation. And to the earlier question, lifecycle of these is important, so that we don't create so much churn in the category that really it's unprofitable for everybody.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And do you -- I mean, do you feel at this point that your -- that we've had enough time, lifecycle-wise, as you're saying, where you could see yourselves doing and your pipeline is offering you some highly incremental new news, that it may be time?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I think as you -- I think as we look forward, first of all, we have initiatives out there. We're emphasizing our sweets and refreshments category in a way we never have before and we feel as though that's rewarding as well. Obviously, chocolate is extremely important to us and we have things that we're doing there. We're coming off of a couple of really big blockbusters with the Minis. And as we look forward, we expect to continue to introduce things at the right pace, and hopefully, that really resonates well with the consumers. So I think the way you're thinking about it is not inconsistent with how we think about it. But we probably have been far more disciplined in the way that we've done innovation than we have in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just have a quick question on Simple Pleasures. And I know it's early, but what's your impression right now who the consumers for this product? And where would Simple Pleasures take its market share from?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, Simple Pleasures is an indulgent product. It also has some benefit of lower fat content and there's this consumer we call -- let me think here for a second, but it's more of a permissible indulgence. Sorry, I have to search my hard drive there in my mind. But it's more of a permissible-indulgence type product, and so we believe that there's some trade-up type customers if you think about those brands that it would source some of its volume from, and it's a bit different than some of the other -- it has some nice differentiation from some of the other products in the category.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, in the press release, you talked about the CMG category outpacing -- continuing to outpace historic growth rates. Do we have to adjust our, kind of, assumptions for what the category could grow at? Or in other words, is this growth right now sustainable for the category?
John P. Bilbrey: We feel as though the category growth has -- I used the word, at one point in time, I think earlier, around the "new normal." But if you look at the 3% to 4% historical growth rate and where the category is growing today, I think that the key difference that I see that makes me a believer in continued category growth, at least in the North American mindset, is the investment that continues to be made in the category in terms of advertising. We've talked a lot this morning about innovation. And then don't forget, in a tough retail environment, retailers are looking for categories that are good for them and our category is good for retailers. So I think we'll continue to get our fair share as a category of overall merchandising in the store and that, I think, are all positive fundamentals to future growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just wanted to round out the conversation on the channel discussion. I know you said something about C-stores and traditionals. Can you talk about mass and where you think the other growth, dollar stores, drugs? Can you talk about the distribution of growth that you saw during the quarter, just round it out?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think if I were to just put it in 2, sort of, macro comments, we saw FDMx had a bit of a grower -- a lower growth rate than the balance of some of the things you described. If you think about Walmart, Club, Dollar, those collection of the new part of the xAOC growth, so you saw a little bit greater growth there than you did in the others. We still saw pretty balanced growth across all of those customers for us in the category as well. So there -- the consumer seems to be moving around a little bit. But overall, that's how we see our category responding right now. And then of course, we talked convenience earlier and convenience continues to do really well for us.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Are there any channels that you still feel like there is market -- relative market share gains that you can have in terms of penetration that you need to still allocate more resources towards?
John P. Bilbrey: I think, for us, continuing to be dedicated to growth in our international businesses and the core markets that we talked about, increasing our capabilities there, so if you think about expanding our geographical footprint, which is the second thing that we talked about in our strategy, and then expanding our portfolio across those geographies, that's going to keep us pretty busy and that's probably where you'll see us...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: There's no channels -- there's no retail channels that you still feel like you're underrepresented relative to where you want to...
John P. Bilbrey: I think that we're learning a lot about the Dollar channel and we're trying to do better there. We want to make sure we do it smart, just -- versus just putting things out. So that's an area. But if you look at our brands and our coverage, it's pretty ubiquitous.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And my last question is on the commodity outlook. Obviously, you sound like you're pretty well hedged through the year. Is there any concerns at all into 2013 in commodity? It doesn't look like it for you guys, but just in general, if you could just talk about the general outlook for commodities for you guys because it seems like everything seems to be under control. Milk's probably going up a little bit from here. But can you just talk to it a little bit?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I mean, we mentioned that we had good visibility to this year. So clearly, our inflation expectation hasn't changed. We mentioned in New York that we felt that next year, at least, the trend feels favorable right now. You're right to point out the area. It's one that's not easily hedged and so we watch that closely as we do other commodities. But I wouldn't say that there's anything right now that we're extremely concerned about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I guess most of my questions have been answered. But just thinking back to the investor day and your strategy over the next couple -- 2 or 3 years as maybe the economy starts to recover, I remember a few years ago, premium was a big growth theme in this category and I think you had a couple of false starts in that area. As you start to think about the longer-term, is that an area that you're going to be focused on? And how might you prepare for that coming back?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we talk about premium and if you look at the category today, and these numbers are probably some that you're perfectly familiar with, but I'll say them, premium and trade-up represents about 12% of the total category today. If you look at what's happened over the last several years, premium had declined some and it's now recovering some. Trade-up is declining some. So that percentage of the business, which has been relatively constant over time, is one that we have not, I would just say, succeeded at. Now, we feel very good about the fact that we concentrate in where the bulk of the category is today. We do well there. But we talk about and have projects in place around how to think about premium. We think there's potentially a couple of share points there in the total category that if we were to sort that out, we could benefit from. One of the issues for us is that we haven't convinced ourselves that we can do that more profitably than some of the other things that we're doing. And so solving for it within that context, because I don't want to chase share that could be less profitable for us than not. But I recognize your question and it's one that we, too, think about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A quick one. On the strategic inventory purchase that you mentioned, Bert, is that the nonfat dry powdered milk? Because I think, as Ken asked, that has hurt you in the past and I understand that there's an excess supply of that at the moment.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I really can't -- or won't comment on specifically what inventories we've made strategic purchases in. You're right to point out that there is good supply of that in the marketplace, but that's really all I'll say, Eric.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe more importantly, I got a little bit confused, J.P., with all of the numbers and acronyms and stuff around the market share. But just let me try to frame it this way. So in the first 3 months, the market share was flat. In the second 3 months -- the second quarter, your market share was up. So you obviously accelerated your share sequentially as the year has gone on. But it sounds like most of that is coming in seasonal because every day, your shipments are actually down a couple of cent [ph]. So I guess, one, is that accurate? And two, what does that say about the everyday category? Is that -- did you gain share in everyday volume and therefore, the category is even worse based on the elasticity?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think, Eric, what we may want to do to get into a lot of the detail is we can probably take some of that offline and Mark can help us go through each of those numbers. What I would tell you is, across each pieces of the business, we continue to feel pretty good about the progress that we're making, with the exception that we were disappointed, just so we have a goal for ourselves to grow share across all of our businesses. And so chocolate was off a little bit. The everyday would have been impacted by the innovation that we were seeing. But fundamentally, I don't think that I would describe any of those events as causing us concern around what our overall plans are for the year. So our seasonal performance has been good. We did very good at Easter, as we described earlier. The instant consumable business is doing well. The Minis continues to do very well. Front-ends continued to do well. And so I think if you describe it, those are the places where it's a bit softer for us than maybe we would have liked. But I think we understand what's happening in the category. So it doesn't cause alarm bells. We're still going through a period of time where we said volume would be back to 100% by the end of the year. So as we look at that on a period-to-period basis, we always see some fluctuation there. So again, I'm more than happy offline to get into some further detail to help you understand that.
Mark K. Pogharian: Hey, Eric, it's Mark. And it's not an apples-to-apples because I think the flat share you're referring to in the first quarter was FDMxC and now we're talking about the xAOC+C universe. So -- and I think as you -- from our remarks, I think...
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Now I'm more confused. Because I'm just worried -- obviously, you guys are doing well in seasonal but I wonder about the category's health, because to Chris Growe's question, right, your volume is down 3 in everyday. That includes some benefit, maybe not all that material but some benefit from international, and so is the category's elasticity better than that, worse? I'm just -- I'm not -- so we can go over it, Mark, a little later.
Humberto P. Alfonso: The only thing I would say is that the minus 3 doesn't include the international benefit. We specifically spoke about U.S. to just be more transparent.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. We look forward to talking to you, Eric, offline.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson with Consumer Edge.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: So -- I guess, again, kind of a follow-up from Chris' question and Eric's question. Can we just ask it and say if we look at the -- what we saw at the analyst day, what we're seeing in our data is just there is, obviously, deceleration within the C-store channel, at least as it pertains to confection. I don't know if it's price driven. You're seeing 3% down in core. So is the next -- does this all relate then to why there is, kind of, the next stage of growth should be coming from international? I mean, the core is obviously -- it's about -- I guess, about 1/3 of your business, it sounds like. And if we see a deceleration continue as pricing is rolled off in C-stores, we -- and then we also saw some volume share pickup from Mars in Q2 within C-stores. And then as we think about '13, it would just seem as if there is a deceleration, kind of, in the core and then what we would expect to have happen is that advertising would be kind of going up even further and continued into '13 to really drive the international part.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, first, I would start by saying is I don't think we believe there is a broad deceleration in the C-store business. And we continue to be -- as we've talked about how we're looking at the balance of the year, we see sequential improvement in share, specifically in chocolate. And so -- again, I would come back to what we have visibility to across the balance of the year. We've had, as a category, very successful innovations in the first half and the things I would tell you that, that innovation has been not from a single manufacturer but from multiple manufacturers. That's good for the category. And so I think the context is not as you may be describing it.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. Perfect. And then last question, easy one. The tax rate -- and I think, in your prepared remarks, you said that it was still 35%. In the call, you said it'd be slightly below. For Q2, you said tax would be slightly below year-over-year. It was over 400 basis points below. So just to clarify, should we be expecting a tax rate that's kind of 34% to 35% now for the full year?
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, I -- well, no. We already said the tax rate for the full year...
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes, closer to 35%...
Humberto P. Alfonso: Would be just a little below the 35% level, and that's consistent with what we've said all year. The only thing that occurred in the second quarter was that we closed a couple of tax audits which we had in the plan for the second year. So it's really more timing during the year. The tax rate is the same as what we anticipated early in the year.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you very much for joining us for today's conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available to answer any follow-up questions that you may have. Thank you, and enjoy your day.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Humberto P. Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mineo Sakan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gretchen Guo Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division John Baumgartner  Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Theresa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Pogharian to begin. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Theresa. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Executive Vice President and CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2011 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we said within the note, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss first quarter results excluding net pretax charges of $33.6 million or $0.09 per share diluted, which are primarily related to the Project Next Century program. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges, non-service-related pension expense, and acquisition and integration costs related to Brookside Foods. With that out of the way, let me now turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark. I'm pleased that the Hershey Company generated solid quarterly results in Q1 of 2012. We expected to get off to a strong start as the first quarter is essentially the only period of the year where we realized pricing across the board. We continue to support our brands with the right level of investments to succeed in the marketplace across all channels. This has resulted in achievable, predictable and consistent growth, which has been ahead of the long-term targets we established in 2008, and we did this against a backdrop of consumer uncertainty. Importantly, the CMG -- candy, mint and gum -- category continues to outpace other parts of the store. For the 12 and 52 weeks ended March 24, 2012, the CMG category growth was, again, greater than the historical growth of 3% to 4%. Given the high household penetration, impulsivity of the category, as well as affordable price points, we believe retailers across all channels will continue to value the confectionery category. As a result, we would expect the category to continue to consistently secure key merchandising space and programming. In the first quarter, Hershey's net sales increased 10.7%. Bert will provide you with details, but growth was primarily driven by pricing. Everyday U.S. core brand performance was in line with our expectations and volume elasticity modeling, while Easter was slightly stronger. Our international business continues to be strong, contributing about 2 points to the overall top line growth. Now looking at retail takeaway. CMG retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending March 24, 2012, per our custom database, in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business -- and as a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass, including Walmart and convenience stores -- increased plus 6.4%. If you were to add the other fast-growing retail outlets like club and dollar, which will be available to you around midyear, and add the Easter products scanned in all channels between March 24 and April 8, our retail takeaway is in line with first quarter U.S. net sales. Looking at syndicated data here excluding Walmart, Hershey's FDMxC retail takeaway was up 4.7%. Hershey FDMxC CMG market share in Q1 was flat, in line with our expectations. Note that syndicated data currently excludes our market share performance at our largest customer and in the fast-growing value channels where we continue to do well. Additionally, the year-ago period benefited from our major product launches, primarily Reese's Minis, that occurred earlier in the year given the late Easter. In 2012, the window between Valentine's and Easter was closer, necessitating seasonal merchandising and programming on the floor much earlier than the prior year. Therefore, we plan to launch our more significant innovation to launch in Q2 and beyond. We expect that this will have a favorable impact on our FDMxC market share performance in the coming months and quarters. Given these moving parts, I'm pleased with the overall category performance in the first quarter. Investments in the category in the form of advertising and innovation are present for most major manufacturers, and it appears that competitor new product launches were skewed to the first quarter. For the 12 weeks ended March 24, FDMxC CMG category growth, including seasonal activity in both the current and year-ago periods, was also up plus 4.7%. Given that marketplace data for the 12 weeks ended March 24 excludes the significant last 2 weeks of the Easter season and all the aforementioned moving parts, my upcoming remarks related to marketplace performance by channel will include seasonal data in all periods. For the 12 weeks ended March 24, 2012, food channel CMG category growth was up 1.1%. Food channel retail takeaway for Hershey was off about 0.5%, resulting in a market share decline of 0.5 points. Our non-chocolate performance was solid, up plus 10%, driven by continued TWIZZLERS momentum and the new Jolly Rancher Crunch 'N Chew product. And as I mentioned previously, Hershey chocolate performance in this channel was impacted by the timing of chocolate new product launches in the year-ago period. Hence, Q1 food channel chocolate category growth slowed to plus 1.8%. Our food channel chocolate retail sales declined 1.4%, resulting in a negative 1.4 share point loss. Given the timing of our 2012 new product launches, we would expect marketplace performance in this channel to sequentially improve as we make our way through the year. In the C-store class of trade where the Easter impacts are minimal, the CMG category was up plus 8.5%. Total Hershey C-store performance was particularly strong with takeaway up 9.3%, resulting in a share gain of 0.2 points. These gains were driven by pricing, core brand advertising, in-store selling, merchandising and programming, including our continued successful promotional tie-in with the NCAA March Madness basketball tournament. In Q1, Hershey's C-store performance was balanced with retail takeaway up 8.6%, 15.1% and 15% in chocolate, non-chocolate and mints, respectively. Importantly, it doesn't appear that higher prices at the pump are having a major effect at the C-store level. In case you missed it on April 6, a NACS, or National Association of Convenience Stores, spokesperson was on CNBC and stated that despite higher gas prices, sales inside the store have actually increased. 2011 was better than 2010, and so far this year, he stated most members are telling him that sales inside the store are going up. Hence, the current prices at the pump don't appear to be having the same effect on consumer buying behavior at NACS locations as they have in the past. Our experience is consistent with this as first quarter traffic, partially due to good weather and consumer dollar spend, was higher at our own CHOCOLATE WORLD retail stores. The convenience store channel will continue to be a meaningful contributor to Hershey in 2012. However, as we make our way through the remainder of the year, retail dollar takeaway growth will most likely slow as we begin to lap the price increase. In the drug class-of-trade, CMG category growth was plus 2.2%. Hershey retail takeaway increased 3.4%, resulting in a share gain of 0.3 points. Similar to the last couple of quarters, our drug channel retail takeaway was meaningful in non-chocolate, mint and gum and resulted in solid market share gains. However, our chocolate growth slowed to plus 2.6% and we lost 0.3 chocolate market share points in this channel. Chocolate dynamics changed in this channel during the quarter. However, we maintained our disciplined and focused strategy that will deliver long-term chocolate category growth and quality market share gains. As we look to the remainder of the year, we have many exciting new products, promotions, programs and merchandising events in place across all channels. New product launches include Jolly Rancher Crunch 'N Chew, Rolo Minis and Ice Breakers Duos. Additionally, we're pleased to announce the launch of Hershey Simple Pleasures in 3 flavors, milk chocolate, dark chocolate and vanilla cream, in a smooth and creamy format that has 30% less fat than the average leading milk chocolates. Our proprietary sales force allows us to execute flawlessly in store and leverage our merchandising and programming expertise. Some of the activity we have planned includes S'mores programming that will run throughout the key summer dates and into fall tailgating; a couple of TWIZZLERS summer programs, one tied in with the upcoming Spiderman movie and another that will award a lucky consumer a chance to win a new car filled with their favorite TWIZZLERS products; as well as a summer Reese's and Coca-Cola promotion. We're also on track to increase full year advertising expense low-double digits for the total company on a percentage basis versus last year, supporting new product launches and core brands in both the U.S. and international markets, and new advertising campaigns on the JOLLY RANCHER and ROLO brands. Q1 advertising growth outpaced the increase in SM&A expense x advertising. We don't expect that to be the case over the next 9 months, as our planned investments in international go-to-market capabilities accelerate, especially in the second quarter. The SM&A increases are in support of the key international markets we've previously discussed and are focused on market research, category management and building selling capabilities. Our businesses in the focus markets of Mexico, China and Brazil are off to a good start to the year as net sales increased about 20%. The business and consumers continue to respond positively to these broad-based investments, and we expect the same response from our 2012 initiatives. Now to wrap up. I'm pleased with the way the confectionery category and Hershey continue to perform in the marketplace. We have solid relationships and are working well with retailers in all our channels. Macroeconomic challenges still exist, however, and we feel good about the prospects, as confectionery has proved to be resilient given the impulse nature of the category and the continued investment in the category in the form of innovation and advertising. Category growth has been robust. It's expandable, profitable for the retailer and affordable to the consumer. Over the remainder of the year, we're confident that our innovation, advertising and in-store execution will continue to drive top line growth. As previously mentioned, advertising will increase low-double digits on a percentage basis versus last year. As a result, we have increased our top and bottom line outlook for the year. We expect organic volume to be slightly up in 2012, and including in the results of the Brookside acquisition, about $90 million at current exchange rates, we expect full year net sales growth of about 7% to 9% including the impact of foreign currency. There is no material change to our inflation outlook for the year and we continue to estimate that the input costs will be higher in 2012 versus last year. Despite this increase, pricing, productivity and cost saving initiatives are in place and at this time, we estimate that full year 2012 adjusted gross margin will increase about 90 to 100 basis points. Therefore, given our solid first quarter start and the SM&A investments to be made over the remainder of the year, we have increased our full year adjusted earnings per share diluted outlook and expect it to increase 10% to 12%. I'll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some additional detail on our financial results.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Thank you, J.P. and good morning, everyone. First quarter results were solid, with consolidated net sales of $1.73 billion, up 10.7% versus the prior year and relatively in line with our expectations. Adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.96, up 31.5%, was a bit better than our expectations due primarily to the timing of SM&A investments that I will provide more context on shortly. J.P. provided details on our marketplace performance, so I will focus on the review of the P&L, balance sheet and cash flow. As expected, first quarter net sales gains were driven primarily by a 10.9% net price realization benefit, partially offset by core volume decline due to price elasticity of 0.5 points. Our recent acquisition, Brookside Foods, contributed approximately 0.7% on top line, and foreign currency exchange rates were about a 0.4 point headwind. Importantly, in the U.S., excluding about a 1.5-point benefit from new products, volume elasticity due to price increases on core brands is tracking in line with our modeling, and our U.S. seasonal business continues to be strong. Following a strong fourth quarter holiday season, Easter sell-in in Q1 was a bit better than our initial estimates. We continue to see relatively consistent growth in our international markets, as they contributed about 2 points to our top line growth on a quarterly basis. Turning now to margins. In the first quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 180 basis points, driven by net price realization, supply chain efficiencies and productivity. These margin gains were partially offset by higher input costs of about $30 million, in line with our expectations. Commodity spot market prices have been volatile, and we expect that volatility to continue in the coming months. As previously stated, we have good visibility into our cost structure and there is no material change in our full year inflation outlook. We continue to expect higher input costs in 2012 versus last year. However, due to our good start to the year, solid productivity and cost savings, as well as net price realization, we expect full year adjusted gross margin to increase 90 to 100 basis points versus our previous estimate of about 75 basis points. Adjusted EBIT, driven primarily by higher gross margin, was up 28%, resulting in an EBIT margin of 21.3%, up 290 basis points over the first quarter of 2011. In addition, SM&A excluding advertising declined as a percentage of net sales by 130 basis points versus last year. A good portion of this gain is timing-related, and over the remainder of the year, we expect SM&A increases, excluding advertising, to be greater than the first quarter trends. Our planned SM&A investments include market research, category management and selling and marketing capabilities in both the U.S. and international markets. In addition, our R&D center in Shanghai is also scheduled to open later this year. Advertising expense increased about 14% in Q1, and we continue to estimate low double-digit percentage increase versus last year, supporting core brands and new products in both the U.S. and international markets. Now let me provide a brief update on our international businesses. First quarter international sales, excluding Canada, increased about 20% versus last year. We are pleased with our progress in our focus markets and especially China and Brazil, whose top line growth exceeded 20% in Q1, driven by strong seasonal performance. International profitability increased versus last year. However, this increase was primarily driven by the already mentioned timing of SM&A investments. We remain committed to these markets and we'll continue to make the necessary investments to build brand equity and drive trial and repeat purchases. For the quarter, interest expense decreased, coming in at $24 million versus $24.5 million last year. In 2012, we expect interest expense to be approximately $95 million to $100 million. The tax rate for the first quarter was 6.1% [ph], slightly lower than last year due to the timing of certain tax events. Excluding tax rate impacts associated with business realignment and impairment charges, we continue to expect the full year tax rate to be about 35%. The tax rate in Q2 will be slightly less than Q1 and about 34% in the second half of the year. In the first quarter of 2012, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 228.7 million versus approximately 230.2 million in 2011, leading to adjusted EPS diluted of $0.96. Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the first quarter, net trading capital increased versus last year's first quarter by $184 million. Accounts receivable was up $69 million and remains extremely current. The current year-over-year increase is a direct result of Easter timing. Inventory increased by $114 million year-over-year, primarily related to the Project Next Century production transition. Lastly, accounts payable decreased by $1 million. In terms of other specific cash flow items, total company capital additions, including software, were $92 million in Q1. These amounts included Project Next Century capital expenditures of $47 million. In 2012, we expect ongoing CapEx to be approximately $240 million to $250 million, excluding Project Next Century. Capital additions are expected to be an additional $65 million to $70 million for Project Next Century, making our total 2012 CapEx estimate $305 million to $320 million. Note that these amounts include CapEx for Brookside Foods manufacturing capacity expansion as well. The Brookside integration is progressing as planned, and we intend to expand distribution in 2013. Depreciation and amortization was $55 million in the quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to Project Next Century of approximately $9 million. Adjusted operating depreciation and amortization was $46 million. In 2012, we are forecasting total operating depreciation and amortization of about $195 million to $205 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $84 million. During the quarter, we repurchased 125 million of our shares against the 250-million repurchase authorization that was approved in April of 2011. There is 125 million remaining on this authorization. We also purchased 93 million of our common shares to replace shares issued in connection with exercises of stock options. All 218 million of acquired shares were repurchased in the open market. Cash on hand at the end of the first quarter was $567 million, down $126 million versus year-end. As it relates to our short-term cash needs, the company is currently well positioned to manage the capital needs of the business. Our cash flow remains strong, and we'll continue to improve as we grow earnings and normalize inventory levels related to Project Next Century. Let me now provide an update on the Project Next Century program. We are pleased with the progress we're making on the West Hershey plant expansion, which remains on track. The building is complete and progress continues with the startup of new production lines. All new lines are expected to be operational at the West Hershey facility by the end of Q2. The forecast for total project pretax GAAP charges and nonrecurring project implementation costs remains at $150 million to $160 million. By 2014, we expect ongoing savings to be approximately $65 million to $80 million. Please see the note in Appendix 1 in today's press release for further details. Now to summarize. Our U.S. marketplace performance in measured and non-measured channels is tracking as expected. We have core brand building, merchandising and programming, as well as launches of new products planned for the remainder of the year, that will enable us to maintain our momentum. In addition, advertising will be up low-double digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Given our strong start to the year, we have increased our top and bottom line outlook for 2012. We expect organic volume to sequentially improve and be up slightly for the full year. Our current modeling indicates organic volume will be about flat in Q2 and then up slightly in Q3 and 4. And we continue to estimate full year net sales contribution from Brookside of about $90 million at today's exchange rates. Therefore, including Brookside, we expect full year net sales growth of about 7% to 9%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. There is no material change to our inflation outlook for the year. We have good visibility into our full year cost structure, and despite higher input costs in 2012, I expect adjusted gross margin to increase 90 to 100 basis points, driven by productivity, cost savings and net price realization. Therefore, we have increased our full year adjusted earnings per share diluted outlook and expect to grow 10% to 12%. Before we open up to Q&A, and as you work your models, please note the following. In Q2, we begin to lap last year's price increase. Due to seasonality, Q2 is typically our smallest quarter. Our 2012 innovation picks up in Q2. However, we are also lapping the launch of successful Reese's Minis and Hershey's Drops. Despite commodity spot market volatility, input costs will continue to be higher year-over-year. We would expect to incur promotional and launch costs related to Rolo Minis, Hershey Simple Pleasures and Ice Breakers Duos starting in Q2. And as already mentioned, a good portion of the estimated timing on expense increases will mostly likely be incurred in Q2 and Q3. With that out of the way, we'll now open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from David Palmer of UBS.
Mineo Sakan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Mineo calling in for Dave. I guess our first question would be, you did mention something about increased marketing and go-to-market capabilities. Could you characterize the nature of that spending?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Sure. We've been making investments over the last couple of years, certainly in both the U.S. and non-U.S. markets. And in this particular quarter, we've talked about it separately than advertising, which we said increased at about 14%. And so market research; sales force capability, not only training but also distribution expansion in certain geographies, particularly in China, that we've talked about in the past; as well as other capabilities which are collaborative, such as IDP, with our major retailers. Those are the types of investments that we're talking about. In addition to those, I mentioned that with our product launches, obviously, we have product launch expenditures that also fall into the SM&A category.
Mineo Sakan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And as you start to lap the Drops and Minis, which is clearly going to represent tougher comparisons going forward, are there any additional innovation in the -- or is there any additional innovation in the pipeline for the second half of the year?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we have innovation across all of the markets over the balance of the year. But the ones that we've talked about are primarily the ones that we're going to be focused on. So again, let me remind you that we talk about our innovation being about 1 point of our overall growth. Over the last couple of years, we've done certainly better than that. And we're going to do better than that this year as well, but there will be some tough comparisons versus the kind of success we had versus Minis. But we still believe that we've got a good slate of innovation that'll be very productive for us.
Operator: The next question is from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of things real quick. On Brookside, can you tell us where you stand right now in terms of capacity utilization, the plan, the pacing of the expansion and where that business sits in terms of distribution across all channels today?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, the Brookside acquisition, if you remember when we talked about capacity, will be bringing on new capacity late in the year of 2012 that will help position us for a much broader expansion in the U.S. market in 2013. So today, that business is doing very well, and in fact, we wouldn't be able to go much further than we have already with the capacity we have. So we'll have capital investments in that business late in the year that gives us the ability to expand. And again, we're excited about what we believe is the potential of that. But 2013 is where the big change happens in terms of both volume and distribution gain.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And any help in me sort of sizing the prize on what the upside could be? Are you currently around 25% distribution, 50%, for example?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we have broad distribution in Canada and then through Costco in North America. So as we think about bringing on the distribution, we would hope to be able to achieve distribution levels consistent with the balance of our brands in the category.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Costco, I think, is around 10% of U.S. right now, so that sounds like there's a lot of untapped opportunity.
John P. Bilbrey: We're very optimistic and excited about what Brookside brings to us.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And last question and I'll pass it on. I don't want to be too much of a time hog here. China, I think last quarter you guys talked about pushing out into Sugar Confection, maybe with the JOLLY RANCHERS brand. Can you give us any updates on that?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, in China this year, as well as in 2013, we have a number of different efforts going on in our sugar confectionery business, so ICE BREAKERS is certainly one. We would see the Duos launch also being one that would be relevant in China as well. So that category is actually doing quite well for us. And as you know, in China, sugar confectionery is a significantly larger percentage of the business than chocolate is today. So we really are focused on having a balanced portfolio, sorry, of brands, and then also recall that we have our R&D center that we hope to have open later this year, which should also help us develop products that are very China- and Asia-specific.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Goldman of JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So cocoa has stayed quite cheap for a while now. I know you're loathe to comment on this and I understand why, but let me maybe ask the question this way. If cocoa stays inexpensive versus recent historical levels, and if you don't see big increases to your other inputs, why should investors maybe not start to think that your input costs late this year and into next year have a chance to be much less of a headwind or even a small tailwind? Is there maybe something we're missing when we're thinking optimistically about this part of COGS?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Ken, I mean, I don't think you're missing anything. I mean, I think the way you've characterized it is reasonable. Cocoa is down and a couple of the other commodities, while still at pretty elevated levels, are down. Versus last year, we continue to signal that there is some meaningful inflation year-on-year. But having said that, downward trends in commodities certainly will show up, but we don't ordinarily talk about the timing because that's proprietary on our side. But I think the longer it continues, the general optimism is well placed.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then I'm hoping to get a better understanding of how your sales performed, maybe in the center of the store where we've seen -- we've seen volumes be such an area of concern for so many of your food manufacturing peers, but it sounds maybe from your comments like you did better in the center of the store than the industry has as a whole. So I guess first, am I reading that right? And second, if so, how did you buck that trend, in your view?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think you're probably reading it right. And I think we believe that the category continues to be accessible. One of the things we say over and over again is that this is one of the most -- it is the largest, most profitable confectionery market in the world and happens to have one of the lowest costs per pound. It has the ability to be an accessible indulgence regardless of what seems to be happening around use. I would call that resilient, certainly not anything recession-proof. I wouldn't go that far. But I think this is a unique category. It has a lot of great qualities. It has the seasonal events that really bring consumers into the store and get them into the aisle, as well as all the other points of distribution that it has. So again, we have programming that's well over 30 weeks out of the year on our brands, so they're just broadly available and accessible to consumers and then they can enjoy them without having to sacrifice a lot. And I always looked at the C-store channel in addition to the balance of retail as a testament to the strength of the category.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: My questions have pretty much been asked already, but you mentioned that international contributed 2 points of growth. Can you give us a little more detail on the extent to which that would -- what did the growth look like x Canada? Were you still hitting kind of that 25% kind of growth? Or was it better than that?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, the numbers we gave you would've been x Canada, and of course, there is a large mix across all the countries. So some of the countries are obviously doing significantly better than that and a couple modestly below. But that's really the texture of that business. We continue to feel very good about our ability to execute against a very basic, solid model in each of these marketplaces. And if you recall from our last call, we talked about that these markets have gross margin very similar to our U.S. business. And therefore, as we continue to go forward, it gives us choices around how we invest in those markets and how we can adjust that investment to ensure that we continue to be -- we continue to be productive. But right now, we feel very good about being able to deliver the overall business results we are and still be able to invest differentially in what are some of the most attractive markets around the world.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And can I ask a follow-up? On the question earlier about SM&A being up higher in second, third and fourth than it will be in first, a lot has been talked about how your category management skills have improved. You've invested in a lot of new tools. What can you tell us about the types of these investments? Are they just kind of like similar to what you've been doing all along with better technology and better use of data? Or is there something new, maybe some new programs that you're introducing to the trade?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. I would say that there's a bit of a combination and it's evolutionary, right? I mean in the U.S., where we've done the most of that work, certainly we're further along as you might imply in terms of intellectual capital and the sophistication of the trade and how we collaborate with key retailers. We do bring that knowledge into other markets. Some of those markets are not quite as sophisticated at the retail level, but the objective is very similar. It does involve data, obviously. And then it involves the types of insights that you would expect in terms of consumer and shopper. And so really, it's a matter of the level of sophistication, but it is focused on intellectual capital and our people, and the collaborative nature of how we bring knowledge to retailers to maximize the value of the category, certainly our brands, but the value of the category in general.
John P. Bilbrey: Rob. Hey, Rob, one real specific example is if you recall from CAGNY last year, we talked a lot about the demand landscape. We're investing in that work in places like China and some of the other geographies, which is really the foundation of the consumer insight and demand landscape work, because that's what our overall business model hinges on in terms of the way we go to market. So we're really expanding some of those programs.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But, John, you also talked about rolling IDP, which was a huge success in drug, rolling that out to grocery. I haven't heard much of an update on that. Can you give us one?
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. Today, we are probably working with about 6 to 8 of the largest customers on an IDP-type framework, which really starts with a long-term strategic -- joint strategic planning. And then you really go down through a menu of solutions based on what those strategies are -- were for both the retailer and ourselves. And what I would tell you we're finding is, is that the success we're having in those customers which have the tools and we work jointly with performed differentially versus those where we have not rolled out IDP. So the goal for us is, one, we have to be prepared ourselves, and that's one of the things Bert talked about in terms of investing in intellectual capital and getting people that can interact in these kinds of programs. And then the same thing happens on the retailer side. So as we can do more of that, we will do more of that. But we are very encouraged by what we're experiencing, and we believe it's fundamental to a number of our successes.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Lazar of Barclays.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First off, I'm just trying to get a better idea to the extent you can help us around maybe the magnitude of the sort of the timing shift in the SM&A. And I only ask this because if we think about some of your guidance on a full year basis for sales and gross margin improvement and some other things, it's pretty easy to get to a full year earnings number that's pretty far beyond what your sort of current guidance is. And I realize it's only 1Q and all of that, but the plug there is obviously what that SG&A line looks like for the full year. So I'm just trying to get a sense of how that might look on a full year basis, just so we have a better sense of that?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Andrew, I certainly think it's more than just the one line in terms of how you're characterizing it with -- and I understand your thought process in terms of where SM&A is in Q1 versus outlook. There's a definite increase, obviously, and some timing involved in the SM&A, but it's not about programs that we weren't already planning for. So from that perspective, I would say that we haven't added a lot of investment. If we had, we typically would talk about that. While we're -- while we have food advertising, it's still at the low double-digit rates and we expect SM&A not only to kick in more with the new products coming in place, but also just the timing of some of the work that we just talked about, whether it's demand landscape in other markets or those types of things. The other thing to point to, while we haven't talked a lot about it, but I think it's obvious in the comments, is the level of price realization, which was quite high in Q1 as expected, because other than a little bit of Valentine, the entire portfolio would benefit from that. And then you start to lap the price realization. You start to recover some of the volume. And so you don't have as much gross margin expansion in the remainder of the year. By definition we said 180 versus 90 to 100. So I wouldn't focus overly on the SM&A line, and think of it more some of the other moving parts in the P&L. I would say that's probably the better way to look at it. And what I can tell you is we think they are the right investments to make and the right markets, and that's how we framed up the overall annual outlook.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then it's a smaller channel, obviously, but in the drug channel, I think, J.P. mentioned that there was a sort of a change in the, I think, category dynamic as you put it. And I'm just trying to get a better understanding of what you meant by that.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think for us, as we've worked with the drug channel, there's a couple of things that are going on. The drug channel was historically very overdeveloped in terms of the percent of seasons that it sold and some of that volume, we felt, was probably less productive for everybody, the retailer as well as us, in terms of the way we were going about it. And so we've been able to, I think, rebalance some of those efforts to where we're getting much better balance on front-end sales. We're doing better on the in-aisle part, and then I think as we do seasons, we're doing seasons smarter and more profitably. So as we look at what's happening for both the retailer and for us in the way that we go about managing, specifically the seasonal sales, it's a higher quality sale for everybody, I think, than maybe it had been historically. And so that's a bit of the context change there. And we're very optimistic about the drug channel just in total. So getting our business as productive as possible there has been really important to us. And it's taken several years, frankly, to get to the point where we're at, and that's really what I was referencing.
Operator: Your next question is from David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of questions, pretty quick ones, though. First one is on Easter. Is there anything related to the timing of Easter that would affect the shipment pattern between Q1 and Q2? Was Q1 in any way benefited by better shipments because of the earlier Easter? And I would assume that's all volume-related if it was true. But you didn't call it out so I'm thinking no, but could you just clarify?
John P. Bilbrey: David, it would be relatively modest actually in terms of the changes. I think one of the things to think about is if you look at the IRI data, I think that's through March 17. Our comments have been around March 24. We feel very good about the actual sell-in of Easter as a double-digit volume increase. But we really won't know the answer until we get the May 3 data on what was really the overall outcome of Easter, but we would anticipate growing share at Easter. And our -- as we tumble the numbers, and this is a very imperfect science at this point, we hope to gain about 0.5 share point over the course of the Easter holiday.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. But in terms of from the manufacturer's point of view, from your point of view, the shipments would've occurred in the first quarter in the year-ago period, and they would've occurred in the first quarter this year no matter what the timing -- the exact timing of Easter was in the second quarter. Is that right?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think -- yes, I think that's correct. We just -- I mean there could be an absolute modest amount that would've been different, but not really meaningful, Dave.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. On the SM&A question, excluding the marketing expense. So I think the SM&A budget this year -- or sorry, in the first quarter was up like 3% when you exclude marketing, and your guidance is -- if I read everything right, the guidance is just that simply it will be north of 3% of an increase in the subsequent quarters. But maybe this is too cryptic for me. Can you just tell me what you think SM&A is going to be up year-over-year for the full year? Is there any reason why you wouldn't know that right now?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. You're right about the 3% and we would expect it to be more in line with sales growth.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So SM&A x marketing, up something in the magnitude of sales growth. Because it's only up 3% in the first quarter yet first quarter sales are up 11%, that's the timing issue that you were talking about. Is that right?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, that's correct. And so again, I want to reiterate, we're not -- in the past, when we've changed some numbers, we've talked about hey, and we're increasing our investment versus what we've planned. That's not the case. We're making the investments as we've planned them. The timing is just a little bit different. And that accounts -- and that applies to both SM&A as well as advertising.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then does this SM&A issue, does this drop all the way down to the bottom line? So if $0.81 was consensus and you come in at $0.95, $0.96 depending on how you want to treat the pension cost issue, that's $0.14, $0.15 of an earnings peak. Guidance is only up $0.03. So is your explanation that the timing of SM&A is the explanatory factor why full year numbers don't rise by the significant beat versus consensus?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, that's part of it. And again, I mentioned it to -- in response to Andrew's question, the pricing is quite different, right, during the year in terms of if you look at our gross margin of 180 basis point expansion in Q1 and our guidance of 90 to 100, there's a lot -- the pricing, as you would expect, because it's across the portfolio and you're only starting to lap it in the second quarter is also a contributor.
Operator: Your next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just one question and one point of clarification. First, just on the gross margins as we look out the balance of the year, so as pricing will be less incremental as we go through the remaining quarters, is your cost inflation essentially -- the year-on-year inflation essentially the same in each quarter? Or is there any variability in terms of what you'd expect for inflation from quarter-to-quarter?
John P. Bilbrey: Bryan, it's fairly consistent. Obviously, when we set up our standard costs at the beginning of the year, that's a standard that's consistent across the quarters. If there were some variability to that, it would come up as purchase price variance, and the fact we haven't talked a lot about that tells you we're pretty close to standard. The only thing I would say is the first quarter, certainly it's our most impacted volume quarter as well. And we gave the number of about $30 million of inflation, so there would be some volume pickup as you get through to third -- second, third and fourth quarter, so you're going to have a little bit more volume, so you may have a little bit more of the cost impact because of that volume, but I would say that from a standard perspective, it's relatively the same.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then during the course of the first quarter, there had been some discussion, I guess, in the channel about maybe the potential of some competitors either rolling back pricing or not following through completely on all their pricing plans. And so now you've got sort of the first big holiday under your belt. Just if you could give any sort of comment on that line of logic and whether or not you've seen anything that would suggest that the industry or some of your competitors may not be following through on all the pricing.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, we're not going to comment a lot on what we believe other people's pricing strategies are, but we continue to execute, we believe, successfully against the things that we've chosen to do. We don't see a number of things in the marketplace that would lead us to believe that there's anything different than historically occurs, and there's always instances where you could go into an individual store or maybe a regional customer maybe decides to do something unique. But for the most part, we feel comfortable that the course that we've charted is working well for us, and we continue to believe that's how we'll execute through the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a quick question for you. I think it's a bit of a follow-up on the price realization. As we think about the sequential pricing through the year, Q3 pricing, would that be greater than Q2 pricing because of the degree of seasonal sales in the quarter? Am I looking at it the right way?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we'll have some pricing in Q2, and then we'll have some in Q3 as you rightly point out, related to Halloween particularly, which is when that ships. So nowhere near in Q1, because in Q1 it applied to everything except for a little bit of Valentine. So we will have some price realization in 2, a little bit more in 3 and then it really winds down a lot in fourth.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, just wanted to be clear on that. And then I also -- there was a comment before about a roughly 1.5% benefit to sales from new products. Is that like a year-over-year calculation for the first quarter?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, when we talk about our growth algorithm on a going basis, we want to have 1 point of net growth coming from innovation. And what we have been experiencing is innovation success greater than that over the last, frankly, several years. But I think we were at about 3.5 last year. I think we're a little bit lower than that this year. But certainly, ahead of the 1-point algorithm that we have for ourself.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And that's -- is that like products from the last year essentially, the last 12 months? Or...
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, the way that we calculate that is in the second year, those are not included in terms of innovation, so you really look at it net of cannibalization. And when you calculate that, then the numbers that we talk about are really what's happening net of cannibalization in the year -- the second year.
Humberto P. Alfonso: But the way to think of it is that the 10.7 net sales growth that we talked about, it's 1.5 points of that.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, sure. Okay. I guess to -- just to follow up, I know there's been a lot of questions on the international investments. My question to you would be, would your profits grow at a materially slower rate for international versus the sales growth this year? Is that your expectation? I'm just trying to frame the level of investment and maybe that's one way to kind of get a little closer to it.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I mean, we don't do segment reporting, but we try to give some color on international. We've been trying to give more. So what I would say is in the key markets where we're growing rapidly the top line, as well as investing for future growth, that will be true. I mean, we're largely in a reinvest mode. So while we're -- as J.P. already mentioned, we're very conscious of our gross margin in those markets. It's really less about profit contribution.
John P. Bilbrey: If I could just build on that comment for a second, is that when you think about our business model, there's 5 or 6 markets around the world that have GDP growth of greater than 5%, some significantly greater than that. And those are really the markets that we're focused on. So in terms of quality and attractive growth for us in these markets with attractive gross margins, which again gives us choices on how and when we choose to invest, it's really a very attractive model versus having legacy businesses. I mean, if we all looked this morning at some of the news items coming out of Europe, certainly, there are some drags on businesses there. And hopefully, we'll be able to continue to grow at an attractive business level in markets that have the best growth potential of any of the markets we have and continue to execute in a smart way, building brands with -- behind really strong consumer insight. So I think it's why we continue to feel very, very good about our approach. And so hopefully, we'll be able to continue to see that we'll achieve the international growth targets that we've set and maintain a very healthy business at home.
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Drizer [ph] of Morgan Stanley.
Unknown Analyst: So just 2 quick questions. First, I wanted to ask specifically about the special pleasures health and wellness product. Can you give us a sense of how this might be positioned from a pricing standpoint, how material you expect it to be? Is this something that you're looking at more as a niche product? Or should we be looking for relatively broad distribution and a significant push behind the product?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we would expect to gain broad distribution behind the product. It's more of a trade-up type product in terms of its pricing, and we don't position it necessarily as health and wellness as much as it is an indulgent chocolate that has fewer calories than if you were to look at a solid milk chocolate bar. So the truffle center -- it's more like a truffle technology, the center. The cream there is very low calorie and so it gives you a unique experience in terms of eat, that it's a very melty, creamy-type taste, and then it has this center fill. So the way to think about the 30% lower calories is that versus other chocolate products in the category, the average chocolate products in the category, it has fewer calories yet a very indulgent experience.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So from a distribution standpoint, it's a product that you think will have traction immediately, but may gain more distribution over sort of the course of a 12- to 18-month period.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, we would see that the product gets broader distribution over time, but we would expect it to get all the time and attention that all of our launches get.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes, and we probably wouldn't see that across all channels. I mean, it would primarily maybe be focused in food and drug out of the gate as we educate the consumer about it, because there is that process to it.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And secondly, I was just hoping you could provide a quick update on the key export markets and how these are performing relative to the core international markets. How much of a benefit are you getting, if any, from undemanding prior year comparisons in Japan and sort of selected markets in the Middle East?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I would say that our -- we've already commented in the past that's a very profitable part of our international component. And it's growing nicely as we anticipated. To be specific, certainly Japan has rebounded. Last year, they had the catastrophe, so that we're certainly seeing above average growth in Japan because of the -- last year's tsunami, and a little bit of the opposite in the Middle East because of some of the turmoil. But overall, very good. Continue to penetrate new markets in Latin America and other parts of the world, but it's a good business for us. But specifically, the 2 markets that you mentioned, one certainly with a rebound because of prior year and the other about the same. Again, it's a very profitable model for us in terms of our export business.
Operator: Your next question is from Alexia Howard of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Gretchen Guo: This is Gretchen Guo calling for Alexia, and I just wanted to quickly ask about India. You had mentioned some of your other focused markets, mainly China and Brazil, which have grown about 20%, but we didn't hear too much about India. Can you just talk a little bit about that market, and perhaps an update on the Godrej JV?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we grew again in our India business this quarter, so we certainly felt good about that. We continue to be optimistic about the potential of the India market. And I'll add, over time, we have India classified as a market that we want to participate in. We certainly don't want to get out over our skis there, and we're not commenting on the JV. Certainly, we've all seen different things in the press, but there's really nothing new to say there from the things that we've said before. So at the current point in time, we feel good about the progress we're making there and we're learning a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Thilo Wrede of Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions for you. You mentioned comments on gas [ph] that consumer behavior these days is -- due to high gas prices, is different from what's happened in the past. What's your explanation why consumers are much less affected by gas prices these days?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I would say there are a couple of factors. On the one hand, I think the last time that we looked at that impact would have been back in '08 where we saw a very rapid spike in prices. And while prices are not any more attractive than they were back then, it's been less of what we would think of as a spike and we think that the consumers adjust to that in a different way than they do to the spike. Having said that, consumers are sometimes not filling up the tank, and we see some -- we saw some of that conversation on the CNBC show that J.P. mentioned, where they may take more frequent trips, and that tends to help our category as they come into the store. So we do think it's the shock factor. We also think that while unemployment is not at a good level, there has been some improvement in the U.S. economy in the first quarter. You've seen the consumer numbers in the first quarter all around. We're somewhat better despite the higher gas prices, so we just think the consumers has adjusted to them better than they have in the past.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the second one, a small modeling question. You bought back significant amount of shares and exhausted a good amount of your authorization. Are you still expecting to do share repurchases for the rest of the year? Or are you done?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we don't comment on the specific timing of those repurchases. Certainly, we have 125 million that's still authorized, so we'll execute against that in consultation with our board.
Operator: Your next question is from John Baumgartner of Telsey Advisory Group.
John Baumgartner : J.P., can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing from the food channel and what's driving that share loss there? Do I understand it correctly that it's primarily the timing of innovation between yourselves and competitors? Or is there something else going on there?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I don't have any concerns around the fundamentals of our business in the food channel. I think, essentially, what we're seeing is that we're lapping some very strong innovation in the first part of the previous year base. There was a lot of competitive activity in terms of introduction of new items in the first quarter, and we've made a conscious decision that in Q2 and Q3 is where we'll be focused more around the new items that we have. And then you have the other aspect of it is that the whole price conversion and all adds so much noise to the system that I kind of on this tend to look at the total and make sure that the fundamentals are good. So if you were to look at the first quarter from a quality, merchandising and featuring standpoint, our competitors would have certainly won that share of voice. And we would hope that we'd continue to be able to do the same in Q2 and Q3 as we introduce the things we have. So while it's never fun to lose share, I don't see it as something that would fall outside of just the fundamentals of our business, and I think we'll continue to do well as we go through the year. And then the other comment I would just make broadly across our businesses and coming back to IDP is we feel very good about the financial performance of the company, and we believe that over time, we continue to deliver quality share and quality share growth, and sometimes you can look at numbers that they might feel good but they may not be the best quality result. And we're pretty confident that the results we're delivering are quality results.
John Baumgartner : Okay. And then in terms of the Simple Pleasures, if you were to benchmark that in terms of more recent launches, I guess like the Drops or the Minis, I mean it seems like you're expecting a smaller impact out of the gate for Simple Pleasures. Is that fair?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, Minis is definitely a home run. So I wish I could have one of those every single time, and certainly, that's probably not always going to be the case. But with this one, anytime you have something new, so whether it be Air Delight, whether it be something like Simple Pleasures, you're really building a platform that the consumer has to learn what it is. So trial is important and getting people to then, of course, repeat is fundamental. So it's a little bit longer of a story on those type of brands when you launch those first than something that's a big driver around a core brand. And then this is in a standup patch, so there's no inter-consumable [ph] version either. So by default, you have a bit of a difference there as well. But we're committed to try to build these brands as best we can. And again, I would just remind you, versus our long-term algorithm, as we continue to see how we're doing in innovation, we're doing better on a sustainable basis within our innovation than we have in some time.
Operator: The next question is from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess, let's go back to Dave Driscoll's question and maybe Andrew Lazar, because I'm not exactly sure, Bert, that I get the guidance. So if you're up 10% to 11%, 12%, that's like 20 -- that's like $0.30 a share. You did most of that this quarter. You're saying that your SM&A spending really hasn't changed, gross margins are a bit better, but that all works out to be just a couple of pennies for the rest of the year per quarter. So is that really what you're saying, that it's just a couple of pennies of growth in earnings per share each quarter?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Eric, I appreciate the question. And again, I'm not going to say anything different than I said before. We've planned a certain amount of investment in the business this year. There is some timing related to first quarter versus rest of year and we continue with those plans, which we think is the right thing to do for the business, both short-term and long-term. You are seeing some uptick in terms of the guidance on the bottom line. It is partially the price realization that's coming through, which we think is a bit better, and a little bit more volume on the top line. So that's the way the math works. I'm not sure how else to try to answer that.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, I mean, it's just -- I don't want to beat a dead horse, but it just -- it's either -- it seems to me either your investment spending in some of these initiatives is higher than you originally expected or you're just being incredibly conservative. Because otherwise, I'm just not sure how exactly the math works if you already were, call it $0.15 to $0.20 of that $0.30 has already been put into the bank.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, for the most part I would say that the investment profile in terms of total SM&A as we planned it through the year with, obviously, with the timing thing we've already talked about, is largely in line with how we started the year's thinking.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just more of a broader industry question for J.P. Kraft is obviously going to Acosta for their grocery company. I was just with General Mills and McCormick had an Analyst Day and they talked about how, kind of similar to you if anything, they're investing more in their own kind of sales force and in-store capability. And so I guess maybe for somebody -- or for a company that, I guess, has been really pushing this initiative from when Rick took over to Dave to now you, what do you see as like the potential advantage of using a third-party distributor as opposed to the in-house capability, because it seems like the industry is -- like some players are going one way and the other players are going the complete opposite?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I can't really speak for how other folks have really thought about it, but I can tell you that from a philosophical standpoint, I am a strong supporter of having our own organization and our future being in our hands. So we believe -- as you've heard us say many, many times, our sales organization, we believe, has a strategic advantage. We can move on a dime. Our people are passionate about the results we get. Every one of them can tell you that winning is visible when you walk out of a store. You don't have to have somebody give you 100 metrics to understand if you've won or not; you can recognize it easily. And so we just feel very, very strongly about the commitment we have to our own people and the passion they have for our brand. You could do all kinds of analysis around what is the financial comparison, et cetera. And all I know is that when we stand up in front of our troops at those national sales meetings once a year, I couldn't be more proud to be associated with those people than I am every time I'm with them. And so, I guess, on my watch, never say never, but as far as I'm concerned, we'll fight the battle with our own guys.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. And, Bert, if I could have just one quick follow-up. I think you said that elasticity on the everyday business was what you had expected in terms of volume. Was it down like mid-single digits or low-single digits? What do you mean by it was like in line with what you had expected?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, it would be low-single digits to characterize it. And yes, it was in line with how we think -- with how we were expecting it. But I would -- the only thing I would say is we look at it across package, across channels, so every one of them is imperfect, but by and large, yes, low-single digits and a little better than we expected, but not by a lot.
Operator: And your final question comes from John Feeney of Janney Capital.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. First, how do you think about dividends versus share repurchase? I apologize if that's been asked. I missed a few minutes of the call, but I know, certainly, with the performance in the stock, the yields a little lower and certainly there's some cash flow.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, in terms of how we think about cash deployment, clearly, we're always conscious of what we think we need to run the business in terms of day-to-day operational and strategic investments. We're very much committed to the dividend. We think that's a good way to give back to shareholders. We increased it 10% back in February. And as a result, you're right. I mean, the stock has performed well. So I'm not going to apologize for the low yield at this stage, but they're equally, [indiscernible]...
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Because you got there the good way.
John P. Bilbrey: Right. They're equally important to us, and again, we did execute against some of the buyback and we'll continue to talk to our board to see how we want to treat the rest of the authorization. But currently, the dividend is an important element for us.
John Baumgartner : Okay. And just a follow-up for Bert. You mentioned that you don't break out segments. I don't know how the rules work or how you look at it as a judgment call, but at what point do you anticipate breaking out international as a segment...
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, the way the rules works -- the way the rules work clearly is based on size of business and a number of other factors. If you take a look at the accounting pronouncements, right now we're a little bit below what those rules would require for segment, but I suspect we'll be reporting segments certainly in the future as the international business grows. From a complexity standpoint, again, it's not that we couldn't. We certainly are accounting folks who are capable of doing that. We're not required to, so at this stage, we've just chosen to stay with our current requirements but I think it's pretty predictable that there's going to come a time when we will report segments.
Mark K. Pogharian: All right. Well, thank you for joining us for today's conference call. And Matt Miller and myself will be available for any follow-up questions that you may have. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer and President Humberto P. Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Laura, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hershey Fourth Quarter 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mark Pogharian, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2011 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Executive Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and I, will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2010 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we said within the Note, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss fourth quarter results excluding net pretax charges of $27.7 million, which are primarily related to Project Next Century. Our discussion of 2011 full-year results exclude net pretax charges of $32.1 million primarily associated with Project Next Century and a gain on sale of non-core trademark licensing rights recorded in the third quarter. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges and non-service-related pension expenses.  With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark. I'm pleased with Hershey's fourth quarter and full-year financial and marketplace results, which represent a solid end to another good year. We accomplished our 2011 objectives while growing adjusted EPS 10.6%, our third consecutive year of a double-digit percentage increase. We achieved this in what was again a very challenging environment that included global economic uncertainty and difficult consumer conditions, commodities spot market price increases and volatility and the implementation and execution of a major price increase. The implementation of our March 30 price increase continues. We're analyzing conversion closely. And on the portion of the business where the shelf price reflects the increase were tracking as expected. The speed of conversion varies by channel and is consistent with what we've experienced historically and versus our modeling. Net volume elasticity on these pack types is in line with our expectations and better than the historical staples group average.  As we look to Easter, the first season where price points will be higher, as expected, retailers are working collaboratively with our headquarter and in-store sales associates. The seasons, Easter, Halloween and holiday are important to Hershey, as well as retailers, as it brings consumers into the store. We believe we have the right mix of seasonal-specific advertising, coupons and programming lined up to help consumers adjust to the new price points. As had been the case all year in channels measured by syndicated data, the CMG category, that's candy, mint and gum, outpaced the historical 3% to 4% category growth rate, increasing 4.5%. CMG also outpaced other snack alternatives in 2011 again such as salty snacks, cookies and crackers, which all grew less than 3%. Overall, confectionery continues to grow, driven by a balance of pricing and investment in the category in the form of both innovation and advertising. As a result, in 2012, we would expect CMG category growth will be above the historical annual growth rate of 3% to 4%. For the full-year 2011, net sales increased 7.2% and was balanced between volume and net price realization. In the fourth quarter, net sales were primarily driven by pricing. We're especially pleased that the volume sequentially improved from last quarter, slightly greater than our expectations and increased about 0.4 points.  In terms of Hershey's marketplace performance, for the 12 and 52 weeks ending December 31, 2011, per our custom database in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business, total Hershey's CMG retail consumer takeaway was up a solid 6.5% and 7.8%. As a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass, including Wal-Mart and convenience stores. Within food, drug, mass and convenience or FDMxC, here, excluding Wal-Mart, the CMG category also continues to grow. For the 12 and 52 weeks ending December 31, 2011, the CMG category increased 4.4% and 4.5%. Hershey's FDMxC retail takeaway for the fourth quarter and full year was 6% and 7.5%, respectively. As a result, our market share increased by 0.4 points in the fourth quarter and 0.8 points for the full-year 2011.  For the overall Halloween and holiday seasons, as expected in Q4, FDMx total combined seasonal category retail sales were up. Specifically, Q4 seasonal category sales increased 4.2%. Hershey Q4 seasonal retail takeaway was up 5.8%, resulting in a 0.5-point market share gain. For the full-year 2011, in the food class-of-trade, the CMG category grew 3.2%. Hershey retail takeaway for the year was up 4%, generating a share gain in this channel of 0.2 points. Fourth quarter food class-of-trade CMG category growth was 2.5%, less than the category's historical growth rate. This was primarily due to continued weakness in the gum category, which was down 5.1% in this channel. Hershey food channel CMG retail takeaway in the fourth quarter was up 3.1%, driven by solid non-chocolate candies.  Turning now to the C-store class-of-trade, where Hershey continues to leverage its customer relationships and the only coast-to-coast in-store sales force in the category. In Q4, Hershey C-store takeaway was up again and has increased for 15 consecutive quarters. Specifically, for the 12 and 52 weeks ended December 31, Hershey retail takeaway was up 11.9% and 11.1%, respectively, resulting in a market gain of 1 full point in the quarter and 1.4 points for the full year. Similar to last quarter, these gains were driven by price realization, net volume gains due to king size growth and strong in-store merchandising. In Q4, Hershey C-store chocolate and non-chocolate takeaway was up 12% and 15.5%, respectively. These gains were driven by pricing, core brand advertising, in-store merchandising and programming, including the Reese's NCAA Football Perfect Seat and the Ice Breakers Frost New Year's Eve in Las Vegas promotions. In the drug class-of-trade, Hershey CMG retail takeaway was up 3.4% for the quarter, resulting in a share gain of 0.2 points. Similar to last quarter, our drug channel retail takeaway increased in every segment. Our non-chocolate candy, mint and gum performance was especially strong. The Ice Breakers mint platform, particularly Ice Breakers Frost products, continues to do well and helped drive a mint share gain within the drug class-of-trade of 2.3 points. Ice Breaker ice cubes bottle packs also had another good quarter in drugstores. As a result, we gained gum market share in the drug channel in the fourth quarter and for the full year. As we look to 2012, we have many exciting products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels, including various NCAA basketball and football promotions, a Reese's and Coca-Cola promotion, sponsorship of the upcoming Avengers and Spiderman movies and the launch of many new products to include Hershey's Milk Chocolate with Almond Pieces, Jolly Rancher Crunch 'N Chew, Rolo Minis, Ice Breakers Duo mints in both strawberry and raspberry flavors and Hershey's Bliss produced with cocoa that is certified by the Rainforest Alliance.  Additionally, full-year advertising expense for the total company will increase low double digits on a percentage basis versus last year, supporting these new product launches and core brands in both the U.S. and our international markets and new advertising campaigns on Jolly Rancher and the Rolo brands. I'm also excited about our acquisition of Brookside Foods. This was an opportunistic bolt-on that allows us to expand our portfolio and capabilities into the subsegment of chocolate-covered fruit juice pieces. Specifically, Brookside pairs dark chocolate with exotic fruit juice centers, such as goji, acai, blueberry and pomegranate that deliver the benefits of flavanols and antioxidants. Brookside has increased sales at a compound annual growth rate over the last 3 years of about 20%. As a result, they're approaching the limits of our manufacturing capability. Therefore, in 2012, we'll be adding additional manufacturing capabilities that we're targeting to have up and running by the end of the year. We look forward to building the Brookside brand in the U.S. and Canada and leveraging Hershey's scale at retail. As we entered 2012, we remain focused on our core U.S. business where we continue to bring news, variety and excitement to the category. Our U.S. new product launches will be supported with in-store promos and merchandising, as well as advertising, which will increase meaningfully year-over-year. Our solid position in the U.S. marketplace continues to give us the flexibility to invest in key international markets where we're gaining momentum. In 2011, outside of the U.S. and Canada, we invested in our go-to-market capabilities and increased advertising 20% to 25% on a percentage basis versus last year. We expect international advertising to increase about the same amount in 2012. Our businesses in the focus markets of Mexico, China, Brazil and India had a good 2011. Combined, reported sales growth in these countries was about 25% in 2011. As we enter 2012, we have a solid plan that will enable us to maintain our momentum in China. And in China, we'll increase the launch select sugar confectionery products that will leverage our in-market capabilities, and we expect our R&D facility to be operational in Q4. In Mexico, we'll continue our approach of gaining further distribution within the traditional trade. And in Brazil, we'll benefit from expansion with our partner, Bauducco. Therefore, if our business outside the U.S. and Canada continues to grow at the current organic rates, we'll achieve our target of $1 billion in sales by the year-end 2014. This would be about a year earlier than our original 2015 objective. We have a solid balance sheet that enables us to pursue potential acquisition targets while also investing in organic opportunities. We remain focused on all of our markets, and we'll continue to make the necessary investments to ensure that we're positioned to grow our brands and manage challenges. The power of our brands and our ability to execute in the marketplace gives us confidence that the Hershey Company will be able to deliver achievable, predictable and consistent earnings and cash flow growth. As such, I'm happy to announce that we increased our dividend 10%. As we look to the future, our financial position allows us to be flexible in our approach to creating value for all of our Hershey shareholders. Now to wrap up. I'm pleased with the way the confectionery category, our retail partners and Hershey continue to perform. In 2012, new products, advertising and in-store merchandising and programming put us in a position to deliver another strong year of net sales and earnings growth. Therefore, excluding the Brookside acquisition, we expect volume to be up for the full-year 2012, resulting in net sales growth of about 5% to 7%. We have good visibility into our full-year cost structure. And despite higher input costs in 2012, we expect adjusted gross margin to increase about 75 basis points driven by productivity and cost savings, as well as net price realization. Therefore, we've increased our full-year adjusted earnings per share diluted outlook, and including the change in the reporting of pension costs, we expect adjusted EPS to increase 9% to 11%.  I'll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some additional financial detail.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Thank you, J.P., and good morning, everyone. Net sales and adjusted earnings per share diluted from operations for the full-year 2011 exceeded the initial ranges we communicated at the beginning of last year. Solid efforts by sales, marketing, operations and finance resulted in a good retail execution and another year of market share gains. Overall, we're pleased with our financial results and U.S. marketplace performance, as well as the progress we've made in key international markets. Fourth quarter consolidated net sales of $1.57 billion increased 5.7% versus the prior year. As expected, the increase was driven primarily by net price realization benefit of 5.9%. In addition, volume sequentially improved 0.4 points from last quarter, slightly greater than our expectations. New product introductions in the U.S. and international markets, along with seasonal volume gains, were partially offset by core volume declines in line with our price elasticity models. The impact of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates in the quarter was about 0.6 points. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.70 increased 15%, primarily due to price realization, supply chain productivity and lower advertising, which more than offset the impact of higher input costs and additional marketing-related investments.  For the full year, net sales increased 7.2% or 6.9% on a constant currency basis. And we're balanced between volume and net price realization, leading to adjusted earnings per share of $2.82, an increase of 10.6% versus last year. J.P. already provided details related to our marketplace performance. So I will focus on a review of P&L and balance sheet, starting with gross margin. During the fourth quarter, adjusted gross margin was 41.7%. While we achieved our productivity and cost savings goals in the quarter, adjusted gross margin decreased 50 basis points, as productivity and net price realization were more than offset by higher input and supply chain costs. This is a greater decline than previously expected.  Specifically, greater-than-expected fourth quarter volume requirements resulted in higher commodity costs than we had forecasted. For the fourth quarter and full year, total input costs were unfavorable, about $45 million and $150 million. In addition, the impacts from year-end LIFO inventory and higher discounts and allowances were greater than our previous estimates. The higher discounts and allowances primarily reflected a packaging change in our full chocolate packaged candy presentation as we swapped out harvesting, packaging and substituted with additional Halloween-focused packaging, which did not resonate as well with consumers. For the full-year 2011, adjusted gross margin was 42.4% versus 42.8% in 2010, a decline of 40 basis points. Higher net price realization and productivity gains were more than offset by higher input costs. Fourth quarter adjusted EBIT increased 8.9%, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin of 16.4%, a 50-basis-point improvement versus last year as lower advertising expense more than offset go-to-market and other employee-related costs.  In Q4, advertising declined 13% versus last year. However, our on-air presence was strong as the fourth quarter of 2010 included a significant step-up investment. The decline was slightly greater than our earlier estimate as we shifted spending to invest in global selling capabilities and our Insights Driven Performance initiative. As a result, advertising expense for the full year increased about 6%. Adjusted EBIT for the year increased 8.3%, with adjusted EBIT margin up 20 basis points to 17.9% from 17.7%. The increase was driven by solid net sales growth, partially offset by higher input and supply chain costs and investments in SM&A. Now let me provide a brief update on our international business. Our international markets outside of the U.S. and Canada generated more meaningful sales growth during the quarter. Excluding Canada, international fourth quarter reported net sales increased double digits on a percentage basis versus last year, driven by our focus markets, Mexico, China, Brazil and India. On a constant currency basis, partially driven by seasonality in gifting, fourth quarter net sales in Brazil increased more than 40%, about 30% in China and 15% in Mexico. For the full-year 2011, net sales in our businesses outside of the U.S. and Canada increased close to 25%. Our commitment to investing in these markets continues to drive solid top line growth, enabling our brands to gain momentum and greater recognition among consumers. Fourth quarter interest expense decreased, coming in at $21.3 million versus $27.6 million in the prior period, reflecting the bond tender offer costs in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the year, interest expense was in line with expectations, totaling $92.2 million versus $96.4 million a year ago. In 2012, we expect higher interest expense of approximately $95 million to $105 million, primarily due to higher interest rates in some of our international businesses and increases in the company's finance lease obligations.  The adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 32.2%, down 40 basis points versus year ago due to an increase in domestic production, as well as a mix of income among our various U.S. and international businesses. For the full year, the tax rate was 34.8%, down 40 basis points versus a year ago and within the range of our previous estimate. In 2012, we expect the tax rate to be about the same as the 2011 annual rate. However, the rate will be about 36% in Q1 and 2 and about 34% in Q3 and Q4. In the fourth quarter of 2011, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 229.1 million versus 230.8 million shares in 2010, leading to adjusted EPS of $0.70 per share diluted from operations, an increase of 14.8% versus year ago. For the year, shares outstanding were 229.9 million versus approximately 230.3 million shares in 2010. Adjusted EPS diluted for the year was $2.82, an increase of 10.6%. Before moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow, I'd like to share some details regarding a change in our pension cost disclosures in 2012. Similar to a number of other S&P 500 companies, we're going to exclude non-service-related pension expenses in our defined benefit pension plans from adjusted earnings. These non-service-related expenses include the amortization of actuarial gains and losses and interest on participants' balances, which are offset by expected earnings on pension assets. Such expenses can vary significantly from year-to-year based on actuarial assumptions, asset performance and interest rates. We believe that excluding these costs and including only service-related costs better reflects the ongoing operating costs to our business, given the well-funded status of our plans that have been closed to new entrants since 2008. As a result, we'll exclude them from adjusted earnings beginning in 2012. On this basis, 2011 and 2010 full-year adjusted earnings per share would have been $0.01 and $0.02 higher, respectively. In 2011, the actual return on pension plan assets was below our assumptions, and interest rates declined, resulting in higher non-service-related pension expenses in 2012. Therefore, our reported outlook reflects non-service-related pension expenses of $19 million or $0.05 per share diluted. This amount is excluded from our 2012 adjusted earnings outlook. For your modeling purposes, details reflecting this change from 2006 to 2011 are available on the company's website within the Investor Relations section. Let me also note that going forward, the company will exclude the impact of M&A-related deal costs from its adjusted earnings per share diluted. We believe excluding these will provide investors a better understanding of the underlying profitability of the business. Therefore, our reported outlook of $2.79 to $2.89 per share diluted for 2012 includes nonrecurring acquisition, closing and integration costs related to the Brookside acquisition of $0.04 to $0.05 per share diluted. Now turning to the balance sheet and the cash flow. At the end of the year, net trading capital increased $115 million versus last year due to an increase in inventory of $115 million, resulting primarily from Project Next Century production transition. Accounts receivable was up $9 million and remains very current. Accounts payable also increased about $9 million. In terms of other specific cash flow items, total company capital expenditures, including software, were $82 million in Q4 and $348 million for the full year. These include Project Next Century capital expenditures of $24 million in Q4 and $179 million for the full year. In 2012, we expect ongoing CapEx to be $215 million to $225 million, excluding Project Next Century capital additions that are expected to be an additional $65 million to $70 million. Therefore, the total CapEx estimate for the company is $280 million to $295 million in 2012. Depreciation and amortization was $58 million in the fourth quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to Product Next Century of approximately $12 million. Adjusted operating depreciation and amortization was $47 million in the fourth quarter. For the full-year 2011, depreciation and amortization expense was $216 million, of which accelerated depreciation and amortization was $33 million. Therefore, adjusted operating depreciation and amortization was $183 million. In 2012, we are forecasting total adjusted operating depreciation and amortization of about $195 million to $205 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $76 million, bringing the full-year total to $304 million. During the fourth quarter, approximately $27 million of our common shares were repurchased to replace shares issued in connection with stock option exercise. We did not acquire any stock in the fourth quarter related to the $250 million outstanding repurchase program. Cash on hand at year-end was $694 million, down $191 million versus year ago due primarily to the aforementioned inventory increase, along with higher capital expenditures and stock option repurchases. As we exit 2011, we are well-positioned to manage the capital needs of the business. Now let me update on Project Next Century program. We are pleased with the progress we're making on the West Hershey plant expansion, which remains on track. The building is essentially complete with the majority of equipment now installed. The startup of multiple production lines began during the fourth quarter and continues to roll out and implement [indiscernible] as expected throughout 2012. The forecast for total project pretax debt charges and nonrecurring project implementation costs is $150 million to $160 million. By 2014, we expect ongoing annual savings to be approximately $65 million to $80 million. These figures are essentially the same as previously communicated. Please see the note in Appendix 1 in today's press release for further details. Let me close by providing some context on our 2012 outlook, starting with some details on the Brookside Foods acquisition. On January 19, 2012, we successfully completed the acquisition and established a project management office to facilitate the integration of the business. If you’ve tasted the Brookside products, I'm sure you'll agree they’re great-tasting snacks with a strong – and a strong addition to the Hershey's portfolio. Hershey will invest to grow the brand in the U.S. and Canada, as well as international markets. In 2012, we'll focus on integration, adding additional manufacturing capacity and market research. Therefore, in 2012, we expect Brookside to generate sales of approximately $90 million at current exchange rates and be neutral to our adjusted earnings. As J.P. outlined, we have initiatives in place that we believe will drive net sales growth across our businesses in 2012. We have planned merchandising and programming events throughout the year and plan to work closely with retail customers and monitor brand performance, given the higher price points for seasonal products. We expect 2012 advertising to increase low double digits on a percentage basis versus the prior year, supporting new product launches in core brands in both the U.S. and in international markets. We'll also invest in new advertising campaigns for the Jolly Rancher and Rolo brands. We're confident of our plans, and excluding Brookside, expect volume to be up for the year, resulting in net sales growth of 5% to 7%, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. We have good visibility at this time into our full cost structure, and despite higher input costs in 2012, expect adjusted gross margin to increase about 75 basis points, driven by productivity and cost savings, as well as net price realization. Therefore, we have increased our full-year adjusted earnings per share diluted outlook and including the aforementioned change in pension cost disclosure, expect it to increase 9% to 11%. Before we open up to Q&A, as you work your models, note that due to the timing and full implementation of the price increases, we would expect volume to decline in the first quarter and then improve to be up in the second quarter and for the full year. Despite higher seasonal pricing in Q1, based on investments and merchandising plans, we expect a good start to the year.  Thank you for your time this morning, and we will now open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions for you. First, can you update us on the progress you're making with the Ferrero partnership?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that as we talked about earlier, we're doing the distribution center agreement with them in Canada. Progress -- that project is progressing, and so I think that we're on track. There's nothing new in terms of the context of that relationship beyond that.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One of your -- there was a press report out earlier this week with one of your sales directors quoted in it, talking about having conversations for distribution expansion in Europe. Is that something that you guys are seriously exploring right now?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. Let me add a proper context to that. So ISM was this week and one of our sales directors had talked about distributors that they were talking to really around our export business. So I think it was easy to maybe take that out of context. So in terms of our overall strategic direction, focusing on the core markets that we've talked about, nothing has changed there. So I think as you read that, it might have been misleading, and that was really nothing more than our continuing export business discussions.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One more housekeeping and then I'll pass it on. That 25% rest of the world growth, was that constant currency or with FX?
Humberto P. Alfonso: That was with FX.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney from Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: When you talk about the retail takeaway, the 6.5% for the fourth quarter, can you give us a sense what kind of volume is associated with that? Because I just -- I think the biggest point of contrast with your business and some of the other businesses out there right now is the volume. And I just want to know how you -- what you can tell us about that, and what you're thinking for maybe category volume trends over the course of the year.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, if you were to -- I'll start with, if you look at the FDMxCW takeaway in Q4, it was up about 6.5%. If we were to look at our net sales in the quarter, it was just slightly below that, but really, almost the same. So from the metric of what you're selling and what's being taken away, we felt pretty good. Most of that would have been price.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: But volumes were up on a takeaway basis, you would say?
John P. Bilbrey: Seasonal volumes, which is an important part of the Q4 volume, were all up. But I think as we talk about the combination of price and volume and as we do price conversion, I think, Jonathan, what you'll remember is, is we said about 60% of that will occur in 2012. The balance is happening in 2011. The modeling shows that we're really on track. And we think that as we get to 2012, unit volume in 2012 will be back to flat...
Humberto P. Alfonso: '13.
John P. Bilbrey: Or '13, I'm sorry, when we get to 2013, we'll be flat again, and that's right on the modeling.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And just I want to -- when you think about the risks to the category, it seems like you've got a number -- you've got a top competitor who's also been very aggressive with pricing and aggressive with spending back against the category to drive value. I mean, have you seen any uptick in sort of intrusion, if you will, from other categories like salty snacks or nuts or anything else that's adjacent to candy that -- as these prices come up?
John P. Bilbrey: I don't think so. We continue to outperform, as I mentioned in my remarks, salty snacks and cookies and so forth. So the consumer continues to participate in our category. I think it's good news for us and the retailers. So we really haven't seen anything that would be different than what we've been experiencing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I got a follow-up, I guess, on Jonathan's question. So -- and I may have touched on this last time, but so international, which is mostly volume and is probably 8% of the total of the business today, maybe a little bit more since it's growing so much, was up 20% or more. Seasonal volume was up. So that has to mean that your non-seasonal everyday business, volumes were down pretty materially? Can you talk a little bit about that? And then as a follow-up or related to that, I heard that Mars was having some difficulty in terms of their seasonal shipments. So assuming that they correct that, wouldn't that mean that your volumes could actually struggle a bit?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. What I would say, Eric, is with respect to that combination of international and U.S., and we have talked about it, we have taken a little pricing in some of the international markets. But volume certainly was up, and we saw a sequential improvement. You're quite right, seasonal volume in the U.S. was up in the quarter. And from what we're seeing, we continue to see the progression of volume recovery, as the models would indicate. While we did mention that in the first quarter, given the new pricing on the Easter season, that we would expect volume to be down in first quarter '12 and then sequentially improve. And then J.P. sort of went a little beyond that and said we think we'd be back to pre-price increased volumes around end of year first quarter. But no, we've seen improvements across volume. And to get to your second part of your question, I'm not familiar with any distribution or shipping issues, but that's not something that we've seen.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then on the -- just to clarify and understand a little bit more, Mark and I talked about it offline earlier. But on this pension expense, I guess McCormick reported last week, it seems like it's the same issue, but they're including it in their GAAP or their adjusted or whatever earnings outlook with the way most analysts were kind of, I guess, taking that in and putting it into their models. So I'm not exactly sure why you're trying to exclude the volatile component. And then I'm also, given how U.S.-based the company is, why would you not move away from FASB and take an IFRS accounting approach?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. Actually, your latter point is a very good one. In fact, the methodology that we're following or that we've changed to is far closer to IFRS than GAAP reporting. And so what we've chosen to do, given the fact that we have a well-funded plan, and I'm speaking primarily U.S. plan, which is by far the largest if you read the K, we've not had any significant contributions to the plan because of its funded status, it's been closed to new entrants. And so the service cost, which is the cost or the liability of the members that are in the plan, and again, there are no new entrants into the plan, is quite consistent year-on-year. And we believe it's a better measure of the underlying operating performance of the company. The other measures are quite volatile. I mentioned that in '10, '11, they actually added to earnings. And then we've shown the reconciliation of the $0.05 impact. And so a number of companies have gone in the same direction with slightly different techniques. We think ours is pretty clean in terms of it's in the GAAP numbers, and we show exactly what it is coming out. But again, what we wanted to get away from the some years positive, some years negative aspect of it. And IFRS is part of our thinking. It is much closer to that -- those reporting requirements.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I guess we'll just see how the rest of the industry does it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. On the gross margin, it was pretty far below our expectation for fourth quarter. You mentioned some Halloween issues. And I think offline, I heard that there were some obsolescence issues also. Can you kind of break apart the gross margin miss? How material was the allowances you had to give to the retailers and the obsolescent charges compared to just higher commodity costs? And then secondly, can you give us some commodity cost guidance for 2012? Will the cost hit be higher than it was in '11?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. Let me put it in context on the gross margin. And as I mentioned, we expected sequential improvement, so the decline was higher than our expectations as you would have heard in the third quarter. There really was a multitude of factors. I mentioned the more significant one, so there wasn't 1 significant factor that really impacted the most. We did have some higher volumes particularly in the U.S. And so we procured at closer to spot prices for that volume. So that had a commodity impact. As we chewed up our LIFO calculation at year-end, that charge also impacted our costs. And the obsolescence and Halloween issue are actually the same issue. We made some changes. In prior years, we’d had harvest packaging, which was included if you look at the syndicated data in the Halloween numbers. And frankly, what we found was that moving away from harvest and having more Halloween packaging was actually less -- resonated less with consumers. So as we changed out of that packaging, we did provide some cover for the retailers. So it really was a multitude of those items. There really wasn't one in particular that I would say was the predominant one. In terms of 2012, really, nothing has changed versus what we said in the past. We do expect higher commodity costs, but we haven't given specific guidance on the inflation factor. But at this stage, those commodity costs, we think, will be significantly mitigated by our productivity programs, which remain on track and including Next Century, as well as J.P. already mentioned about 60% of our price realization comes in 2012. The one bit of information that we have added that we haven't spoken to in the past was that we said we think we'd be up about 75 basis points on gross margin. If you think of all those factors, commodities offset by price realization and savings, and so that gives you some indication of where we think gross margins will be next year.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So Bert, you don't want to give us an absolute dollar number for commodity costs for '12?
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, we're not providing that at this stage.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just this might be nitpicking, but if seasonal sales were actually pretty good, I think you gained share, why was there an issue related to the packaging? Why do you think that didn't resonate well? Is it possible you just over shipped and overestimated how much they would want…
John P. Bilbrey: Well, yes, first of all, we felt good about the volumes that went into Halloween. The total category was up. I mean, essentially, with a bit of humility here, we underestimated the value that the consumer had in the harvest packaging in previous years. They use it for decoration, and it actually kind of broadened the season, if you will, in terms of packs that the consumer was used to seeing. We also had fewer items in our total Halloween offering this year. We had a higher percentage of sales in the large bags, which were $20 bags, which obviously you sell fewer units when you get into those larger dollar range, et cetera. So there were a couple of things that, while the latter one was good, I think that what we would do is return to the harvest packaging in subsequent years. And I think this is one where we have some learnings. But overall, it's a very positive quarter for overall seasonal sales. And I think in Halloween, while we feel good about the total Halloween program, there are some things we're going to need to do to improve and take these learnings on board.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Investment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just to build on Eric Katzman's comment on the pensions. I would just kind of add to you guys that I appreciate the disclosure, but these non-service pension costs are -- I believe that they really are ultimately real financial impacts to the company. So while I understand your desire to want to exclude them from maybe a current period in time, it does appear that at some point in time, they probably should run through the P&L. And then I think that we come down to kind of imperfect plans on this, which is why they do run-through on a current basis. But I go to what Eric said. He mentioned McCormick, but I think you could go on a lot of companies. Just to put this on an apples-to-apples basis, it seems like the first call estimates have to continue to include these things unless we see broad agreement across the sector that all these things need to be excluded. Still, I think the strongest argument would be if these were not truly real costs that were never materialized. But I don't think you guys are actually making that argument right now. If you are, I'd love to hear it. So that's just maybe a personal statement there. And then getting into just kind of some key questions, what is your confidence that you have in, for 2012, that the pricing will hold, i.e., can you talk about the stickiness of pricing in comparison to the desire to want to be promotional?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, David, I think that the best barometer that I always look at is what's happening in convenience because it's the one where you see it first. And so if you look at the growth and the offtake in convenience, it would lead you to believe that it's fully cycled. The pricing at this point and king size continues to grow very nicely and contribute importantly. Obviously, that's at the upper end of the price range. So I think in that example, the pricing has been 100% sticky, right? So that's pretty encouraging. And then as we look at the channels, and there's a lot of noise in the timeframe by which these different channels convert just because of the different dynamics, but we're seeing that the conversion is right on or slightly better than how we've modeled it. And so for everything we know at this point, I think we feel good. And as you can imagine, we are all over this in terms of monitoring how it goes. Easter will be the first season where we're at the new pricing. And so far, what we're seeing is, we've got really solid programming, and volume looks very good. And so all indications are in terms of all of those things you would be executing against as we go through the year. We feel good.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When you talk about advertising, last year, at this time, you made the comments that advertising would run at a much more normalized rate of increase. But now, in your 2012 guidance, you're talking about double-digit increases. So can you discuss this a little bit? I thought kind of last year, you proved that the advertising budget was really in the right place, but now you're really kind of going a different direction and it's going to be a very big increase in 2012.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, actually, let's think about it in 2 parts. So if you look at the core brands in the advertising levels that we have planned, they would look very similar to where we're at this year. In the U.S., we're adding Jolly Rancher advertising, we're adding Rolo advertising. And so we're actually extending advertising further across the portfolio versus increasing it necessarily on existing brands. So on brands like Reese's and Hershey's, we believe we're sustaining investment levels. And so the marginal benefit of that extra dollars spend would be less on those kinds of brands. So we're really extending across the portfolio. And then importantly, in our international businesses, we continue to be investing there to build brands and grow penetration, and so some of that investment importantly is up against those businesses. If you look at it on a total basis, and part of it is remember where we're coming from, in 2008, '07 and '08, we were spending about 2.5% of net sales in advertising, which was significantly below any brand building levels. And then today, we ended up 2011 probably 6.8%, 6.9% of net sales in our advertising spend and we’ll be slightly above that in sort of, call it, the 7% to 7.5% range. That would be very, very normal CPG brand-oriented company spend level. So we really feel good where we're at and that we're executing against our long-term strategy.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Very clear answer. One final question for me. Bert, Brookside, $90 million in sales. Given the low cost of funding, you say this is neutral to EPS. I'm struggling here just a little bit well on the math on this one. Are the margins on this thing really bad? Or are you guys just wanting to say that -- I mean, like I can't get to neutral unless I assume that the margins on this thing are really quite bad given the funding costs. What am I getting wrong here?
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, Dave, I wouldn't say that we're disappointed in the margins of the business. We are investing in the business in a way that will create future opportunity, particularly in the North America where it's already pretty successful and then doing research outside of that. So it really is brand investment. The business is cash flow positive. There is a certain amount of goodwill amortization that hits the P&L in the first few years as a result of the purchase, which is non-cash, as you might expect. And we're also adding some capacity to be able to expand the brand. So we're happy with the margins. Obviously, we can improve on them with some synergies in terms of our scale. But it is a sound business and one that we think is going to really pay dividends for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just had a couple questions for you. The first one, I just wanted to ask about, as of last quarter, we saw some retailers pushing through pricing at a little more aggressive rate. That didn't seem so obvious this quarter given how your sales and some of the measured channel kind of lined up pretty well. Is that just because of the heavier seasonal sales in the quarter?
John P. Bilbrey: That's absolutely correct.
Humberto P. Alfonso: That's correct.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I wanted to ask about the cost savings. I know you have some Next Century savings next year. You'll have some, I assume, some ongoing productivity savings. Anything unique or can you give kind of a rough range of the cost savings coming through in 2012, particularly in relation to the gross margin being so strong?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. The 2012 savings program from a dollar range perspective is actually pretty close to '11. So we were expecting $80 million to $90 million of savings. There's some minor differences in terms of the contributors. We always have our normal productivity within the 4 walls of the plant. Project Next Century savings actually increases from about $15 million to the $20 million to $25 million range. And then we had an active program that we've talked about the last 3 years. That was against nonmanufacturing spend, which we've captured about $100 million. And while there is savings from that program, that program is not providing as much savings as it has incrementally in the past few years. But the total program remains in that $80 million to $90 million range. And that certainly is a big contributor to the gross margin. But, again, I’d point you to the price realization based on our conversion models, where about 60% of that comes in 2012.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. And my last question is in relation to balance sheet and how we should think about it. I mean, maybe you could characterize the acquisition pipeline for the year. I would contend you could do a lot of share repurchase. So I'm just trying to understand, you've got a modest amount of share repurchase authorization available. But is there a full pipeline we should expect you to be trying to execute against, if you will?
John P. Bilbrey: When you mention pipeline, are you talking M&A?
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Acquisitions, you got it. Yes.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, well, we're not really going to -- we're not going to comment on specific M&A. With respect to the balance sheet, yes, we continue to be a very predictable strong cash flow performer. In 2012, we had slightly less capital but still a good amount of capital, close to $300 million as we finish up Next Century. While we didn't execute against the 250 million buyback program, we did buy back 285 million of shares in the open market against the replenishment program. And then we announced a 10% dividend increase. So we continue to have a sound balance sheet. We continue to explore opportunities for M&A, and we'll be able to finance those in appropriate manner where we find value to shareholders. So all of those are important to us, and we'll continue to focus across that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I have just 2 questions. First one, in terms of the pension costs, just to understand it, when you initially gave guidance, was that included and so it's like-for-like? Or is the increase related to the $0.05 decrease?
Humberto P. Alfonso: When we initially gave guidance, we were just really communicating within our 3 to 5, 6 to 8 long-term guidance. And so at that time, we wouldn't have given any indication around pension. We frankly hadn't finished the debate, and it's something that we talked about internally and came to what we thought was the best conclusion. Obviously, the current numbers do, and there's a reconciliation in the press release that gives you pretty good detail of what that is versus what we're currently saying, 9 to 11, which does include that adjustment on a pro forma basis.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And the second question is, it seems like, obviously, your international sales growth is actually moving at a greater pace than you anticipated going forward. Can you give some sort of at least qualitative view on how you're thinking of the margin structure of each of the business? Mexico, Brazil, China, India are progressing relative to your expectations. And do you expect a quicker return on the margin or operating profit line?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, first of all, as we’ve said, our overall international businesses are profitable today. If you look at the focus markets that we have, we're in an invest mode. And so you would expect those margins to be lower, but they're certainly taken into consideration within the guidance that we're giving to you. And then the other comment I would make there is, we believe we're well-positioned for any both opportunities and challenges. At any given time, if we wanted to change our current model of investment in those markets, those markets could be profitable today. But the intent is, is that we have a commitment to grow those markets. And therefore, you would expect those key markets, which are in an invest mode, to be in a lower margin than in fact the average of the company.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. And one way to think about that is depending on where you're measuring. So obviously, at a gross margin level, they're much closer to U.S. rates than operating because of that invest-growing profile.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. And then in terms of China, specifically, there is going to be another additional sales force expansion as well there, in line with R&D. So is that a 2- to 4-year period? Is there a period of time that you actually think that you'll be established at a run rate level by 2014? Or is it going to be an investment period beyond that for China?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, Bert and I both probably will take a whack at that. On the investment in the selling capability, our business is largely along the Eastern seaboard today. We continue to move west as we think that's appropriate. And then within each of those key geographies, if you think of it as concentric circles, we increase our density there as well. So I think that we'll continue to be investing in our go-to-market capabilities in a very planful way. We don't have an idea of where we get well out over our SKUs or so far ahead of ourselves. So the great thing for our company in a country like China, and this really applies to our focus markets, is you have this dynamic market growth. But the important thing is to participate in it at attractive cost versus get out ahead of it. So it's really not about winning share at a high cost from competition as much as it is participating in the dynamic growth. And that enables you to, in a very planful way, expand the organization. So I don't think you would see us doing something that would get us out of a line with how we feel the size of the business is for us.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I wouldn't add anything to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A couple of questions. First of all, on the revenue guidance for this year, I'm assuming that, that includes the sales from the Brookside acquisition, which I think is about 1.5%. And then given that the international business is growing so rapidly, that may be adding another couple of percentage points to the total company top line. So would I be right in thinking that the U.S. sales guidance is more in the 2% to 4% kind of range? Is that the right way to think about it?
Humberto P. Alfonso: No. Let me try to give you a few more data points. First, the 5% to 7% that we've mentioned, it would be an organic growth rate and so it would not include Brookside.
Mark K. Pogharian: Although it’ll be -- Alexia, this is Mark. That 5% to 7% does include a little FX, so it's not truly organic. But...
Humberto P. Alfonso: Right, it's not constant currency, but -- and again, and we expect a little bit of a drag versus last year, particularly in the first half from currency. But it is -- think of it more as organic in terms of x Brookside and you would add Brookside to that. J.P. mentioned that the category continues to trend above historical, which we think of as 3% to 4%, and it certainly performed above that 4%. We expect a continuation of that in the U.S. market, and we expect to be able to be competitive within that range. And so I wouldn't think of the U.S. as a 2% to 3% grower, where we're saying the category grows a bit of a 4% historically and that we are very competitive within that range.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on the pricing situation. Just been hearing some commentary that maybe the #3 player in the chocolate market in the U.S. is pulling back a bit on the price increases that they tried to take. Are you seeing any of that? Or at the moment, is everybody following you on your price lead?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, we don't think of it as following or anything like that. I would say that all of the category players have taken some pricing, but we haven't seen any of -- we haven't seen retailers shy away from those. And so we think everybody's converting at some pace, and we're pretty happy with our conversion.
Mark K. Pogharian: Yes, Alexia, this is Mark. I mean, I think if you look at the IRI/Nielsen data that you guys continually to get on a quad basis, I think it indicates that there is pricing across all manufacturers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede from Jefferies & Company.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just 1 quick question for you. I understand that the CMG category has different dynamics than overall packaged foods. That being said, though, some of your packaged food peers have been talking lately about going to smaller pack sizes, going to lower opening price points, yet you talk about getting growth benefits from selling more king size packages. Help me understand why the king size works in CMG and chocolate but not in other packaged food categories?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, let me give you just a couple of things to think about. First of all, it's important to remember that we're not a food group. We're less than 2% of total caloric intake for Americans. And we're an accessible indulgence. So the category has some dynamics that are probably different than some of the other categories that we were talking about. So I think that's just a fundamental element here are the differences between us and some of the other snack-type items.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. The other -- the only thing I would add is, when you mentioned what we specifically call king size is in the consumable\-pack type, you may have been thinking J.P.'s referral to larger pack sizes during some of the Halloween seasonal, which in our mind isn't what we think of as king size but larger pack size in any case.
John P. Bilbrey: And I'll just add that -- a little more specifics onto that is that the value of king size is an obvious and good value to the consumer. They can do the math easily, and then therefore, again, it's at a low price point. It's accessible. And I think, again, the reason people purchase and participate in the category may be a little bit different.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So even though your regular sizes show the regular price elasticity, the price sensitivity that the overall packaged food industry is talking about does not seem to apply to these king size products then.
John P. Bilbrey: I think that's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer from UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple questions. First, a follow-up on your answer earlier. You mentioned that seasonal mix was higher. Was there a dynamic about -- in your take home packaging where the seasonal did not have pricing but some of your other packaging, sort of the lay-down packs, did, and you saw a shift in packages, in mix that might have been a little greater than expected?
John P. Bilbrey: We wouldn't have seen a shift for that reason, but you're right that we did not take pricing on the seasons. They're still under price protection, but a lot of our everyday packaged candy would have been at higher prices, yes.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So you don't look at that as a price elasticity thing, rather, just a function of the marketing and...
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. I think it's really season-specific. And so consumers buy for the season. They don't necessarily buy more seasonal packs because they're not priced up yet versus the every day. They're just -- they're different usage occasions. So they wouldn't stock up on seasonal to avoid the everyday pack price increase.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And second question on your C-store trends. I'm wondering if you can give some feeling about how you -- that channel may play out in 2012. I know you're not going give exact channel guidance, but perhaps some ways to think about it. As I'm thinking about it, you have strong momentum in the second half. And exiting the year, it looks like you had some fantastic growth in that channel. But you're going to be lapping some innovation. And then I just wonder about king size. It's been such wonderful lift for many years now, at least as I perceive it. Do you see that dynamic continuing to play out on a favorable way for that channel? Any thoughts would be helpful.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I'll make a couple of comments. First, we've experienced very good trends in C-store. And so we're going to be lapping some pretty challenging comps. So it would be nice to assume that we'll continue to have those that look the same, but my guess is some of those are going to be pretty tough comps to lap. With that said, I think the momentum in the C-store channel is going to continue. I don't see anything that suggests their business model or traffic will change. So I'm pretty optimistic about the overall dynamics of the convenience store channel. With regard to king size, again, I think because of the accessibility of our category, it’ll be far more about the category performance than it will be any individual pack size. And because these products are accessible in every measure and we continue to have about 8 points of presentation or activation in the average C-store across the country, that we feel good about our programming and I'm quite optimistic about the channel.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Is that mostly the big cup -- big pack Reese's stuff in the king size? I mean, what is really -- what are your key king size drivers?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, there's really -- over the last several years, there's really been a couple of really key drivers, I think, between our -- behind our C-store success. First of all is we had, you may remember, we used to talk about the big 33 program. So I think what happened is, is we got far better at having a very constant range across C-stores in general, and then that enabled our advertising to work harder for us. It enabled the consumer to be able to find the things that we were talking to them about. And so our distribution was really important. We also got far, far more focused around the retail programming that we had. And if you -- sometimes when we're out having visits with you guys, we'll show you some of those programming calendars. And we execute really, really well against those. And remember, we increased our selling organization coverage and size across C-store. So we're covering those with our dedicated sales force at a higher rate than we had in the past. So I think all of those things have just really helped us activate in the category, and then we have a disproportionate representation in king size. So if you were to look at the total category, our king size participation there is greater. Therefore, as this value dynamic or as the consumer looks at the category, we have gotten a disproportionate share of that growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'll just keep this quick. I just -- given Hershey's sort of desire to be more aggressive from an M&A perspective in emerging markets, and it would seem like perhaps you guys are a bit disappointed that maybe you haven't been able to do more in that arena so far. And if that's the case, I'm just trying to get a sense of maybe what it is that you're seeing there that's preventing you from doing it or not seeing there that you had hoped to see. Just to try and get a sense of how we can think about that going forward. Is it just that they're opportunistic and they haven't been there? Or are there some structural things maybe that you're seeing in some of the businesses that might be available that just aren't really doing it for you?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think, Andrew, first of all, if we were disappointed, it hasn't caused us to be desperate. So I think that again, without being overly specific, I think that we’ve said we're actively looking at a combination of bolt-ons all the way through to larger types of events. And these things take time. You certainly want to do them well. We want to be choiceful and smart as we go. So we're actively paying attention to all the opportunities that we think could be good for our company. And as we think about making those choices, we really want to make sure that they're really good choices and that they really deliver against the company's long-term objectives.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 quick points of clarification. First, on the pension expenses. Just want to be clear, on the piece that you're going to be excluding, are you going to be marking to market your pension assets on a quarterly basis and so that’ll be volatile? Or are you still doing the smoothing and so people can at least allocate that $0.05 as sort of a visible cost that can be just allocated each quarter?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. It's really not a mark-to-market. Some of the companies have taken that approach. As I said, as companies have taken slightly different approaches to adjusting earnings, there are some that have done that. No, ours would be smoothing. And as I said, our point on that is that they're primarily noncash -- they're noncash charges. You could – in the K, where there is an impact, if this were to go in one direction for a long time, obviously, it may have some funding implications. But [indiscernible], we haven't seen that. And the fact that we have some years up and some years down is really what led us to pull that out in terms of what's the real operating cost to the business of the service costs within our pension plan. But it is a smoothing.
Mark K. Pogharian: It's Mark. Just to be clear, I mean, similar to other restructure charges and how we show the -- we take you that reconciliation from GAAP to adjusted, I mean, we will do the same with this as well.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. And the lines that predominantly get impacted are the ones you would think, right; gross margin because of our factory, employment and SG&A.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just 1 other point. Just in terms of the seasonal business in the quarter, did the snowstorm, the bad weather on the East Coast at all affect Halloween for you or for the industry?
John P. Bilbrey: No, absolutely not.
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, we didn't see that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Dickerson from Consumer.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Yes, just 2 quick easy questions, hopefully. So the gross margin, I know you're guiding to 75-basis-points improvement driven by increased pricing, volumes up and productivity. But I just -- I'm curious, I mean, do you think that there's obviously  [Technical Difficulty]  I'm just curious, I mean, do you think that there's actually a little bit more upside to that? Because, I mean, we've just seen cocoa now down 30% in June year-over-year, and the class 3 is expected to be down 7% to 8% for '12. So I'm just curious, you didn't really call out lower expected commodity costs. When you talk about high expected costs, are you speaking just higher absolute levels or what? So just a little clarification on that.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. We think of it as more the combination or the cost basket as we call it. And while you're quite right that we've seen some declines in cocoa and a little bit on the sugar side, we typically look at it, what's the 2-year average across that commodity basket. And you'll find that, by and large, we're above those levels, cocoa being the exception at least for the moment. And still, things like peanuts and dairy, in fact, and some of the others are still quite elevated. So we've seen a little bit of tapering, and that's good for you certainly in any case. But it really is based on the basket, not any individual commodity.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, perfect. And then secondly, I guess this is back to Chris's question originally, just on the buyback. I mean, I know you used to buy back shares. You haven't really bought back shares now in 5 years. So I guess a more direct question is just like, what would get you to buy back your shares or buy back more shares that would be accretive to earnings?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. I mean, we did buy back some shares this year. And you're right, we haven't been as active. We certainly stayed out of the market a couple of years ago when the financial structure was a bit more up in the air. This year, we completed the '06 program that was the $100 million, and we were actually pretty active deploying cash in terms of option replenishment. As you might imagine, the shares were up nicely, and so there was more option exercising. So it's one of the elements that we look at in terms of giving back to shareholders and we discuss with our Board of Directors. So we've not done as much as you pointed out and we had in the more recent past, but it's not one that we would shy away from.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And then lastly, and really just to kind of sum up all the comments that you've had in Q&A. If I think about just EPS guidance that you had in Q3, more in line with long-term targets, 6% to 8%. And now, if we look at guidance now, you're guiding 9% to 11%. You just back out the $0.05, let's say, because that's probably -- everyone else was already factoring that in. You’re at 7% to 9%. So if I look at the 6% to 8% relative to the 7% to 9%, what really was, kind of in a nutshell, what was that 100-basis-points improvement to 3 months ago?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, again, in the third quarter, we traditionally don't give a lot of details around the guidance. And so your observation is accurate in terms of we're looking at sales guidance, which is above the range. And so that's different than what we talked about. We gave more detail on gross margin. Last time, we said we were focused on it. This time, we're actually telling you that we're expecting to be up, close to 75 basis points. And we're investing in the business both in the U.S. and outside of that at appropriate levels. We're pleased with the financial performance that we're projecting for the year. And really, that's the additional detail that we're providing today.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Mark K. Pogharian: All right. Well, if that's it, operator, we thank you, we thank everyone for joining our conference call today. And myself and Matt Miller will be available for any follow-up questions that you may have. Thank you very much.
John P. Bilbrey: Thank you very much, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John P. Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer and President Humberto P. Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President  Mark K. Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John Baumgartner  Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Todd Duvick - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Denise, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hershey Company Third Quarter 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark K. Pogharian: Thank you, Denise. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast.  Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements, which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risks and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2010 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we've said within the Notes, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss third quarter results excluding net pretax charges related to Project Next Century of $13.5 million in 2011 and $4.5 million in 2010, as well as our third quarter 2011 net pretax gain on the sale of non-core trait licensing rights of $17 million. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me now turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John P. Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Before I start, I just want to make sure that this question doesn't come up later. Bert Alfonso is the Executive Vice President, CFO and CIO, so nothing happened to him on the way to this call. Results for the third quarter were solid, and I'm pleased with our financial and marketplace performance despite the macroeconomic challenges that persists. The CMG -- candy, mint and gum category continues to grow above the historical growth rate and is outpacing salty snacks, cookies and crackers. Our business is strong in all classes the trade and our collaborative partnership with retailers continues as they value the importance of the confectionery category in the leadership that Hershey provides.  Hershey's third quarter results reflect the continued momentum of our brands. Net sales increased 5%, slightly ahead of our expectations. Seasonal volume which were sold in at previously agreed upon price points and represents about 1/3 of our total U.S. net sales in the third quarter increased and, for the year, will be greater than our initial expectations. Price realization on nonseasonal items in the U.S. was also ahead of our estimates. Importantly, volume elasticity on these pack types was in line with our modeling and better than the historical staples group average.  For a profitability perspective, earnings came in a bit better than our expectations. Our overall commodity cost profile was significantly higher this quarter than in 2010. However, cost savings and productivity initiatives as well as net price realization helped mitigate the impact. Our solid results enabled us to be flexible in our approach to incremental brand investment. In 2011, we estimate that advertising will increase high single digits on a percentage basis versus the prior year, enabling us to support new advertising on Jolly Rancher and Hershey's Cookies 'N' Creme. This is greater than our previous estimates of a mid-single-digit increase.  Full year adjusted SM&A, excluding advertising, is also expected to increase slightly versus our initial estimates as we accelerate investments in our go-to-market strategies and capabilities. Year-to-date, CMG is up 4.4% in the measured FDMxC channels, greater than historical growth rate of about 3% to 4%. In the third quarter, CMG was up 4.5%. As we look to 2012, we would expect historical growth rates to prevail in the category, although the underlying drivers of growth may differ as pricing is implemented in the marketplace.  In terms of Hershey's marketplace performance, total CMG retail consumer takeaway for the 12 weeks ending October 8 and year-to-date periods for our custom database and channels of accounts for over 80% of our retail business was up a strong 8.7% and 8.3%, respectively. As a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass, here including Walmart and convenience stores. In the channels measured by syndicated data, FDMxC, or food, drug, mass, excluding Walmart and including convenience stores, Hershey's Q3 CMG retail takeaway was 8.4%, resulting in a market share gain of 1 point. On a year-to-date basis, we've also gained 1 point of market share. Specifically within the food class-of-trade, CMG grew by 2.3% in the third quarter less than the historical category growth rate due largely to gum performance.  Chocolate category performance within the food channel was solid, up 4.7%, driven by new products and seasonal items. Investments in the category in the form of innovation and advertising are present for most major manufacturers. Hershey's food channel retail takeaway increased 3.8% in the third quarter, driven by our chocolate and non-chocolate performance, up 3% and 8.7%, respectively. This resulted in a Q3 food channel market share gain of 0.4 point. These results were driven by core brand performance, new advertising on PayDay and Jolly Rancher and our in-store merchandising and programming. For perspective, PayDay retail takeaway was up 37% over the last 12 weeks and retail takeaway on Jolly Rancher, up 20%. Today, retail customer Halloween order shipments and sell-through is on track, although we've not had a complete read on sell-through for another couple of weeks. Seasonal specific advertising, coupons and programming support is greater than last year. And we believe this is the right mix that sets the stage for another winning season.  In 2011, we estimate that our seasonal market share will increase for the fourth consecutive year, and it will elect that 2011 with at least a 32% share of the total seasons. Turning now to the C-store class-of-trade where the CMG category was up at solid 6.5% in Q3. Hershey's C-store takeaway increased for the 13th consecutive quarter and was up 12.8%, resulting in a share gain of 1.5 points. In Q3, Hershey's C-store chocolate, non-chocolate and mint takeaway was up 13%, 15.4% and 13.8%, respectively. These gains were driven by price realization, net volume gains due to king-sized growth and strong in-store merchandising. Within the C-store channel, the king-sized candy bar has emerged with the fastest growing pack type. Year-to-date, king size is up about 18%, greater than the 3 year COGR [ph] of about 11%, and on pace to be a $1.1 billion business in convenience stores by year end. Here, Hershey is the king-size leader with a 54 share of the segment.  In 2011, Hershey's C-store king-size retail takeaway has increased 22% with market share up 1.6 points. As it relates to our March pricing action, king-size conversion has progressed nicely due to merchandising, continued distribution gains, innovation and consumer recognition that this is a good price value proposition. At the drug class-of-trade, the CMG category continues to expand with growth of 6.1% in the third quarter. Hershey's drop channel recap takeaway with solid up 11%, resulting in a share gain of 1.1 points. Our performance was balanced with retail takeaway, up about 9.4 percent in chocolate and 16.8% in non-chocolate. Our  Ice Breakers net platform driven by the new Ice Breakers Frost product continues to do very well as evidenced by our 19% third quarter net retail takeaway in the drug channel. We're leveraging the momentum we have in mints to drive our Ice Breakers, ice cubes gum business. During the quarter, we achieved the desired distribution level of Ice Breaker ice cube bottle pack in a couple of our key drug customers enabling us to secure key point of sale position, resulting in a gum share within this category, up 0.2 points.  In the fourth quarter, we'll be active in all classes of trade in solid brand-driven initiatives including core brand merchandising, programming and consumer promotion along the Hershey's S'mores tailgating, of Reese's NCAA Football Perfect Seat promotion and Ice Breaker's frost New Year's Eve in Las Vegas promotion and a holiday in baking season.  Now for a quick update on new products. The Hershey's Air Delight launch commenced during the summer and on-air advertising begun in September as we reach targeted distribution points. Early trial numbers are outpacing our initial modeling, driven by higher value FSIs. In Q4, we'll focus on C-store distribution and a high-value coupon program to build awareness and trial. While we're very excited about this launch, it's important to remember that Air Delight is a new and unique form and texture for U.S. consumers and will require brand building efforts.  Reese's Minis and Hershey's Drops has been in the market for a little less than a year and it's been an overwhelming success. Both products have exceeded our expectations and we'll support them with strong year 2 advertising, multiple SSIs and strong merchandising support. This investment will ensure the brands continue to grow in 2012 and beyond. The take-home and the consumable king-size pack type is still doing well in the marketplace. We were particularly pleased with the Reese's Minis king-size where dollar velocity ranked second among all king-size offerings in C-stores and sixth in FDMS.  Lastly, late in the fourth quarter and into 2012, we'll launch some close end line extensions that will bring variety and excitement to some existing brands including Hershey's Drops, Cookies 'n' Cream at a king-size pack price, Hershey's Pieces Milk Chocolate with Almonds and Jolly Rancher Crunch 'N Chew.  I'd now like to spend some time on our International business. Outside of the U.S., our International business remains on track. I'm happy to reaffirm my comments from last quarter and tell you that in our focus markets of Mexico, China, Brazil and India, we are ahead of plan and are forecasted to grow a combined 20% to 25%. That is in our model assumptions. Therefore, if our business outside the U.S. and Canada continues to grow with the current organic rates, we could achieve our target of $1 billion in sales earlier than our 2015 objective.  As we've done to date, we'll do this in a disciplined way maintaining balance across our overall business. Thoughtful consumer insights and portfolio expansion and building our go-to-market capability is where we're focusing our efforts.  Now to wrap up. The CMP category continues to grow across all retail channels in the U.S. despite the economic challenges facing consumers. The category is proven to be resilient in difficult times and we would expect this to be the case going forward. As we look at the remainder of the year in 2012, consumers will see higher everyday and promotional retail prices.  With our fourth quarter sales growth, we now expect full year 2011 net sales including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates to increase around 7% and earnings per share diluted to increase around 10%. Over the coming months, we'll closely monitor category performance and work with our retail partners to continue to win in the marketplace. Our initial expectation for 2012 is a net sales growth in our 3% to 5% long-term objective. While we anticipate higher input costs in 2012, we're very focused on gross margin and have pricing, productivity and cost savings initiatives in place within our margin structure.  Therefore, based on our current views and expectations for 2012, we expect growth and adjusted earnings per share-diluted within our current long-term target of 6% to 8%. Now let me turn it over to Bert who will provide some additional financial detail in perspective.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Thank you, J.P., and good morning, everyone. First, we closed another quarter of volume results as net sales increased at the higher end of our long-term target. Topline growth was balanced across the U.S. and international markets and retail takeaway continued to be strong leading to market share gains. These results allow the flexibility and the timing of incremental brand investments during the third quarter and over the remainder of the year. The third quarter 5% net sales gain was driven primarily by the continued growth of our core brands and new products. Net price realization, primarily in the U.S., was about a 5.4-point benefit. As J.P. mentioned, price realization are non-seasonal items in the us was ahead of our estimates. Seasonal volume gains that were better than initial expectations were driven by Halloween and new products, primarily Reese's Minis and Hershey's Drops, that continued to perform well in the marketplace. Offsetting these gains were modest volume declines in line with our price elasticity model resulting in an overall volume decline of about 1 point.  In addition, favorable foreign currency rates contributed approximately 0.5 point. Importantly, on a portion of the portfolio where pricing was in effect, we were pleased that net price realization involving elasticity, which was relatively in line with our estimates. Turning to margins. Third quarter adjusted gross margin was 42.5%. As expected, the third quarter adjusted gross margin decline of 20 basis points, sequentially improved versus Q2 and was in line with our estimates. Net price realization and productivity improvements were offset by increased commodity and supply chain costs.  Input costs were about $45 million unfavorable in the quarter and in line with our expectations. We have good visibility into our cost structure for the remainder of the year. And there's no change to our full year commodity cost outlook. We've achieved approximately $70 million year-to-date productivity in cost savings, primarily within cost of goods. And we expect an additional $20 million to $25 million to be generated in the fourth quarter. Therefore, we continue to expect adjusted gross margin to sequentially improve in Q4 and be about the same as last year for the full year. In the third quarter, adjusted earnings before interest and taxes increased about 4.4%, resulting in adjusted EBIT margin of 19.6%, a 10-basis-point decline versus last year. Advertising expense increased about 7% versus the year-ago period. For the full year, we now expect advertising to increase high-single digits on a percentage basis versus the prior year. This is greater than our previous estimate of a mid-single digit percentage increase.  As expected, adjusted SM&A, excluding advertising, increased about 3% versus last year driven by cost related to non-advertising brand building and go-to-market capabilities in both the U.S. and international markets. We expect the year-over-year increase in Q4 to be greater than Q3. Although for the full year, adjusted SM&A, excluding advertising, will be up less than the increase in net sales.  Now let me provide an update on our International businesses. Overall, our sales outside the U.S. and Canada increased about 25%. Our reported in constant currency basis, net sales increased meaningfully in our 4 focus markets, Mexico, China, Brazil and India. The investments we've made in these markets are enabling our brands to gain momentum in the marketplace. We'll continue to make disciplined investments to drive brand awareness and trial that will position the company for future growth. As a result, organic net sales in our businesses outside of the U.S. and Canada are on track to increase at least 20% in 2011, pretty much well on pace to achieve our goal of $1 billion in organic sales by 2015.  Operating income outside the U.S. and Canada increased slightly year-over-year, driven in part by our export business model. The combining presence on our 4 focus markets during the third quarter unfavorably impacted profitability. Moving further down the P&L. In Q3, interest expense was $23 million, up 3.5% versus the prior year. In 2011, we now expect interest expense to be down about 4% versus 2010, slightly less than our previous estimate of $95 million. The adjusted tax rate from the third quarter was 34.2% or 90 basis points less than the prior year, due to the income mix among our various U.S. and international businesses. Excluding the tax rate impact associated with business realigning charges and the trademark licensing gain, we continue to expect full year tax rate to be about 35%. In the third quarter of 2011, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were $229.8 million versus $230.5 million in 2010, leading to adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $0.84, up 6.3% versus a year ago.  Now let me provide a quick recap of our year-to-date results. Net sales increased 7.8%. Adjusted gross margin was 42.6% year-to-date versus 43% last year. Higher commodity cost was partially offset by productivity gains and net price realization. Advertising increased approximately 15% on a year-to-date basis. Adjusted EBIT increased 8.1% resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin gain of 10 basis points to 18.4% from 18.3%. Adjusted earnings per diluted share for the 9-month period increased 9.8% to $2.13 per share.  Turning now to the balance sheet and to cash flow. At the end of the third quarter, net trading capital was relatively in line with last year. Accounts receivable was up $15 million due to higher seasonal sales and remains extremely current. We continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging and despite current macroeconomic conditions, we have not seen an impact on our customers payment patterns. Inventory increased by $60 million due to some earlier seasonal bill in the upcoming Project Next Century production transition while accounts payable increased by $80 million. We expect net trading capital to improve in the fourth quarter as we cycle through the peak seasonal period of our business.  In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software were $86 million in the third quarter and $266 million year-to-date. The third quarter announced included $48 million of Project Next Century capital expenditures. For 2011, we're targeting total capitalization to be $340 million to $360 million. This range includes base ongoing CapEx of $150 million to $160 million plus Project Next Century CapEx of approximately $190 million to $200 million. Depreciation amortization was $55 million in the quarter. This includes a solid depreciation related to Project Next Century of about $9 million. Adjusted operating depreciation and amortization was $47 million from the quarter.  In 2011, we are forecasting total operating depreciation amortization to be about $210 million while accelerated depreciation and amortization related to Project Next Century is expected to be $25 million to $30 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $76 million. During the third quarter, approximately 165 million [ph] of our common shares were repurchased to replace shares issued in connection with the stock option exercises. We do not acquire any stock in the third quarter related to the 250 million outstanding repurchase program.  Cash on hand at the end of the third quarter was $292 million, relatively in line with the year-ago period and lower versus Q2, as we pay down $250 million of long-term notes that were due in September. We continue to monitor the credit markets, and we anticipate issuing notes in the near future given the current record low interest rate environment.  Let me now provide an update on Project Next Century. We are pleased with the progress we are making at the West Hershey plant expansion, and it remains on track. The building is essentially complete and equipment is currently being installed. Initial production line start up during the fourth quarter of 2011 with continued rollout and implementation during 2012. The forecast for total pretax GAAP charges and non-recurring profit implementation costs remained at $140 million to $160 million. During the quarter, we recorded net pretax charges of $13.5 million for Project Next Century consisting mostly of accelerated depreciation. By 2014, we continue to expect ongoing annual savings to be approximately $60 million to $80 million.  Now to summarize. We are pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results. Our consumer-driven strategy and investments in global brand building continue to deliver the desired results. As we did in the third quarter, over the remainder of the year, we plan to make incremental investments in our brands and business capabilities. For the full year, adjusted SM&A, excluding advertising, is expected to increase greater than our previous estimates and full year advertising is estimated to be up high-single digits on a percentage basis versus the prior year. This is greater than our previous estimate of mid-single digit percentage increase. These additional investments will enable us to carry our marketplace momentum into the fourth quarter. In addition, Halloween has gotten off to a good start, with solid greater than initial expectations.  As a result, we expect 2011 net sales including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates to increase around 7% versus 2010. Commodity markets remained volatile. However, we have visibility into our cost structure for the remainder of the year. While we anticipate meaningfully higher input costs, productivity and cost saving issues are in place, and we expect full year 2011 adjusted gross margin to be about the same as last year.  In our strong year-to-date performance, we continued to expect 2011 adjusted earnings per share-diluted to increase around 10%. As we look to 2012, we'll continue to focus on our core brands and leverage Hershey's scale at retail in the U.S. while working closely with retail partners to ensure achievements of our elasticity model. Recall that our first season at higher price points will be Easter, which is 2 weeks earlier than 2011. In addition, we'll continue our disciplined approach related to investments within key international markets. Therefore, our current expectation for 2012 is for net sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term target. While the spot prices of most key commodities have declined from the 2011 peak, many are still trading at price levels greater than the 2-year average. However, we are gaining visibility into 2012 cost structure and will focus on preserving our margin structure. While we anticipate higher input costs in 2012's price realization, as well as productivity and cost-saving initiatives including incremental savings and Project Next Century are in place to help mitigate the impact of increased commodity costs.  As we all know, the financial markets remain volatile. And depending on where markets end the year, pension expense could be a headwind in 2012. However, we would expect any charges to be noncash given our well-funded status.  To conclude, based on our current assumptions and views, we expect 2012 growth and earnings -- adjusted earnings per share-diluted to be within our 6% to 8% range, consistent with our current long-term target. We will now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The retail inventory levels, how do they look lately? I guess, I'm really getting at do you see your sales tracking with what looks to be very healthy consumer takeaway numbers?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, I would say, yes, David. Our shipments are roughly in line with that consumption pattern, and so we've not seen a change of what we consider good inventory levels at the trade.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then going forward, I guess, that price elasticity that you talked about in this quarter -- I mean, if we were to take a step back and look at consumer price elasticity and think of it that way, how do you see that playing out in terms of that changing your volume momentum for that change in price realization? What do you think that price elasticity is?
John P. Bilbrey: I mean, are you referring to Q4? How we think about next year?
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: For this year like how do you think it is indeed playing out because it doesn't look like from the consumer data that you're nearly having the price elasticity, for instance, you had in the previous price increases.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. If you look at how we had talked about this historically in models that even though all the way back to 2008, as you know, we talked about it kind of being a one-for-one sort of relationship that current reported increase you would see a point of volume decline. As we've revised our both models and experiences and we've mentioned this a couple of times as well, it's really much closer to about a half in volume decline for a point of increase. And then we continue to see that the pricing is -- it's being passed through faster following each of our experiences with recent price declines. Then the other point, I think, that is important to think about and we're also learning from, when some of the commodity cost inflation begin, our investment levels and advertising in our brands were certainly significantly lower than it is today. So I think reminding consumers why they participate in the category in the face of the news of pricing, et cetera, has really helped us. So we think that's really been fundamental to the better conversion that we've seen over time.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And if I could just squeeze one more. As far as the inflation you're expecting for 2012, any comments there? And then if there's even a feeling as to how the earnings growth for next year might be weighted back half first half, that would be helpful.
John P. Bilbrey: Yes, in terms of -- we said we're really expect today -- we do expect meaningful commodity cost inflation to continue from this year into next year. Having said that, we're very focused on our gross margin, and we believe that maintain the gross margin structure is important to us. We have a lot productivity programs next year. We've got an episode fixed from Project Next Century as we bring some lines in. It's a little early -- a little early for us at this stage to start providing any seasonalization to the earnings for next year. But needless to say, we do expect continued inflation. But we also believe that we have good progress in place to help mitigate those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: We've seen reports that you're setting up a supply chain and distribution collaboration with Ferrero here in the U.S. Could you tell us a little bit more about the arrangement, how that's going to work and the potential costs savings?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I won't detail the specific cost savings piece of it. Bert may talk about that within a more holistic basket. But as we look at our overall distribution opportunities, we look across the total CPG group for opportunities that we may be able to combine efforts. As you know, in China, we have a joint asset with Lotte and as we were looking at building additional distribution capability. And, by the way, this distribution facility will be in Canada, but it will serve a broader market. We found that we had similar needs. It's pretty common in a number of other geographies where manufacturers go together for some of these noncompetitive types of things where you can get synergies via cost sharing, et cetera. And so that's really -- there's not a lot more to it than that. That's really the complexion of what we're looking at with that particular project.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. Last quarter, you mentioned that there might be some changes in how you participate in India. Could you perhaps comment on how you're thinking developing on that?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, we continue to be very excited about India. If you look at the combination -- and I'll talk a little bit about this -- is that the Indian market for us, we have a joint venture with Godrej. That business is doing well this year. It's up versus previous year. We've learned a lot. We continue to be committed to the Indian market. We're going to be assessing over time what's the best way for us to participate in India. But right now, our joint venture with Godrej is the way forward for us in India.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I have a couple of questions on the top line. I mean, maybe I'm just not correctly understanding it. But let's just talk about the category first. The category I think you said off take was up like 8% or so, and yet your sales are up 5%? And then, Bert, I think you talked about how you were shipping to consumption. So is it that the retailers are taking greater price if what you're shipping in terms of volume is equal to what's being taken off at retail? I'm not exactly clear how these 2 figures kind of match up.
Humberto P. Alfonso: What we said was that the category in the quarter had performed at 4.5%, and year-to-date, around 4.4%. So it is -- the category is tracking ahead of the 3% to 4%, which we see historically. So a little bit ahead of the 4%. The 8% is the Hershey takeaway number. And so obviously, we're gaining share within the category, about 1 point year-to-date and about 1.25 points. And so what I'm referring to in terms of inventory levels across the different classes of trade. And obviously, you have some of the impacts of Halloween going in that we don't see a big change in inventory levels at the trade level and that we're shipping in approximately what consumption patterns are. But the category itself is not the 8% number. That's our number.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm talking about your takeaway. Europe 8 or 9 at retail and your sales at revenue-to-revenue are up, let's say, 4 to 5? Because you got the international component which is going to be my next question. But, right so you were -- either retailers are taking higher pricing than you're putting through or the volume, you're under shipping volume, right?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, and I think J.P. did refer to that. What we are seeing -- and I think I spoke to it. I said if you look at the quarter, net price realization was about 5.5 points. We got a volume -- we had a point of volume decline, and then about 0.5 point of FX to the positive. So that's how we get to our 5. But J.P. did mentioned that we are seeing greater performance at convenience, because within that 8%, we were up almost 13%. And we are seeing that price is something that the retailers are being more aggressive about, so you're right about that point and I think we alluded to that.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So volume for volume is roughly okay, but the retailers are taking more pricing and that's why you're seeing greater dollar revenue growth at retail for your business versus what you're reporting.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. And the mix we think influences that. Because while our total takeaways is around 8%, convenience stores, where we do see a lot of pricing coming through, is almost 13%.
John P. Bilbrey: And king as an example was up 18% in conveniences, part of that price mix equation.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Right. So there is a mix benefit as well in terms of the channels.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow up. On the sales that you mentioned for international, you talked about, I think, Bert, 25% growth and is that on the -- does that include Canada and export or whatever, so that's like 15% to the business?
Humberto P. Alfonso: It does not include Canada but it would include exports. And markets -- some of our markets are export markets and -- but in Mexico, Brazil and China, we actually have production on the ground so that includes the focus market, exports, but not Canada.
Eric R. Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So is it -- given that, that's -- I have to imagine that's mostly volume. Does that mean that your U.S. volume was actually down, let's call it, 2 or 3?
Humberto P. Alfonso: We didn't give an exact U.S. number. We did say 1 was the composite number. And so -- yes, but U.S. would have been a little bit more than the 1 and the international numbers would have been positive volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. Bert, wanted to go back to the 2012 commodity costs. So you mentioned both in the press release and then in your prepared comments about the costs in comparison to the 2-year average. You guys are always a little bit murky about how the commodity costs kind of flow through the system and how we should look at it. This is, I think, the first time I've seen you like mention kind of a 2-year trailing look at where commodities were on the spot versus that historical basis. Can you just expand upon why you choose that kind of a timeframe? How that flows into the company's thinking on commodity costs and then consequently, pricing?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. The reason we made that comparison, David, was more to put in perspective the fact that there has been some recent decline. And so the spot market, as you know, ourselves and our competitors, they have some degree of hedging, in fact our 10-K says we could be anywhere from 3 to 24 months. And so it was really only a reference point because commodities have come down as a basket, but they still remain high. And that was really the key message that they still remain high. Cocoa has come off a bit, but we see sugar prices -- even oil yesterday closed about $92, so energy prices remain high. And so the message really for us was to put some perspective around the recent decline that, yes, there's been a recent decline but so on relative basis, we have high commodity costs and they're quite volatile. Even in today's market, you've seen cocoa creep back up as the dollar weakens a bit against the euro. So I think the real takeaway that we try to put across was that we're very gross margin focused and that we have good programs against those commodity cost increases.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is it then correct to say that the recent declines are not beneficial to Hershey because of the hedging program? Meaning to say, you'd already locked in a great amount at 2012, so don't get so excited about the recent declines because you won't see them. Is that the right message?
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, that's really not the message. Declines are always good so -- in any context. We're just not trying to put any one-to-one relationship between the declines in any particular period. That's all. But declines are good in any case.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You mentioned headwinds. You mentioned that in your prepared comments as well. What do current rates suggest about the EPS headwinds from pensions? Can you give us a ballpark?
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, we're not giving any specifics on those. The markets today are relatively flat. And you would expect that our pension assumption has some return. And so if they ended today, we would have some impact. I would say that it's still -- we still believe within that context that we will be within our 6 to 8, and it could go any way. Could end the year up, 10%. In which case, it may not be an issue at all, but it could end down 10%, in which case it might be a bigger issue. But as of today, it's relatively flat rate. Our 6 to 8 still feels good.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So that's not a discount rate issue. That's the return issue and how it's amortized over the life of the...
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, it's both. It's both. The fact that the rates have come from roughly 5% to 4%, it has a pretty significant impact.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, I would've thought that was the bigger one. And then final question, you mentioned the likelihood of a note issuance. Can you talk about the size? And I believe that that's just incremental to the balance sheet, so I would expect interest expense to rise upon the completion of a note offering. Am I thinking correctly?
Humberto P. Alfonso: I wouldn't figure that's an interest rate increase and no, I'm not going to comment on the size.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I want to circle back to Eric's question because it sounded like on the back and forth, the takeaway was -- that yes, indeed, retailers are pricing ahead of you and therefore margining up the category. Is that what's really happening or is this just a factor of 2/3 of your shipments went out at an 8% to 9% price increase, which is what we see in consumption data, and 1/3 went out with 0, which has yet to pop up in the consumption data?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think that's probably a reasonable assumption to make, that a higher percentage is going out at the higher price, and that would be affecting also the mix that we would have forecasted for the quarter. And then I come back to the fact that retailers seem to be converting price at retail faster than they had before. The seasons, of course, are going to be a deal price. So the good news is that the conversion is good, especially on the instant consumables, which have already taken the pricing, and people are participating in the marketplace. And then for me, one of the most encouraging things around the pricing environment is the fact that king continues to do so well as consumers see it as a value and it's not an obstacle to participate in the category.
Jason English - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The king information's interesting and I think you said 18% in C-store. I know last time you guys took price, we saw a tailwind on that. That was a nice margin boost. But your margins remain sort of confoundingly lower than I would expect. You gave us an inflation number of around 45 and prices around 83 million on that 5 4. Just mathematically, not even accounting for productivity, that gets me to a margin number that's above where you came in. Is there a mix effect? Is this maybe the international factor or are there expenses in the COGS line that are incremental or maybe haven't called out?
John P. Bilbrey: No, I wouldn't say that. There is some mix as we grow more rapidly and internationally, we said 25%. It's not the same margin. So I would -- that part would be true. And in any case, our margins, we said, would be flat versus last year. We continue to believe that. We continue to see sequential improvement. I think we're down a bit over 100 basis points in the second quarter and about 20 this quarter. We expect a further sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. And so there is a lot of commodity inflation built into this year. And while we do have strong productivity programs, we expect to be about flat margin to the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just had a couple of quick questions. First one is why not guide to the high end of your normal sales guidance for 2012? You've said today that you're seeing a better elasticity of demand relationship than you have historically. You are taking market share. You say that the category is performing quite well. And now you have the international on top of it. It seems like if anything -- you've also had 2 years where you have been above your range. So it seems like we're going to have another year just like that. And then secondly, can you tell me, is there any negative impact to your mix from the shift of consumers to king-sized items? And then also, we noticed in the Nielsen data a lot of bagged items growing faster than your regular single serve. Have you done the math on that?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, let me take the king-sized first. So there's no negative impact to the growth of king from a margin standpoint. And we'll provide additional perspective on how we're looking at 2012 when we get together the next time. We've still got a couple of months of the year left. We don't know what Halloween sell-through looks like yet, although we feel very good about where Halloween is headed. And we don't know how consumers are going to act through the holiday as they look at their total macroeconomic perspective. So we feel very comfortable about the outlook of our business, and we'll provide greater texture to that the next time we get together.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Capital Markets.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: When I look back over the past few quarters now, looks like this consistent pattern of you guys are beating at the gross profit line and investing more at the SG&A line. I think particularly in advertising, if you look at the past 2 or 3 years but the marketing and advertising this quarter and, I guess, do you reach a saturation point both as a category and a company, where there's a diminishing marginal return to those investments and maybe you pocket some more of that? Or are there would -- are there other places to invest at the expense line as we look forward to 2012 that would impact the way you're going to talk about guidance?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Jonathan, let me talk about it in a little bit of a broader sense that may give you some perspective there. I look over the 5-year plan that we have in place. There's really 4 things that I'd like you to think about. First of all, we want to drive predictable, profitable and sustainable growth in our North American business. We continue to believe there's a lot of potential with our North American business. We also want to deliver geographic expansion in the key markets we talked about. And one of the ways you do that is by creating density in each of those markets around the organization, economic density and the coverage that we need in our business. And then we want to create and expand consumer preferred portfolios in each of those markets. So in a lot of these markets, our portfolio on some level is not as broad as we have the potential for it to be within our own existing portfolio and the new brands that we would be able to add to that. And then the fourth thing that we're very focused on is building the people, the processes and the capability to leverage the intellectual capital we have. So what I feel really good about is this enables us to deliver a very strong foundation to be very consistent that we deliver the things that we say we're going to deliver, and we create a company that has a better platform and foundation than the one we even have today. It's as good as we feel about it. And if you think about the potential of that story, it makes our brands available to an incremental 1/3 of the world's population by focusing on only those key markets and building out our business there. And as we do that, it's going to change the mix of some of the investments we make from what we've done historically. But if we do that in a thoughtful and mindful way, we believe it's a very compelling boost for our company.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. And I think the -- just one follow-up that I had. The 8.7% retail takeaway numbers you give, the IRI data correspond into that is 6.3% as I see it in sales and a 10-basis-point decline in volume generally given the mix shift. Can you tell us what the volume component if you haven't them already of that 8.7% is?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I spoke to it earlier. And you're talking about the quarter, yes?
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes, on the quarter. The 12 week ended September 30.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. The 8.7% that J.P. refer to was our custom database, which would include Walmart. And so that would be different than the syndicated FDMxC at 8.4%. And then the volume impact in the quarter was the minus 1 point.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: But that's shipment volume, right?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, yes.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give us the volume component of that 8.7%, the same way IRI gives us the volume component of the correspondent 6.3%.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, I mean...
Mark K. Pogharian: I was going to say -- Jonathan, it's Mark. Again, J.P. referenced how we look at the volume elasticity and -- I mean, if you'll assume you got -- you assume that all gist on the pricing component of the business, because Halloween has yet to show up in those numbers in a meaningful way. And again, just being liberal here for our discussion. You'll assume that's all 9 points of price almost, okay? Let's assume it's less than a one-for-one relieve volume to price relationship that staples group averages. But it's not quite 0.5 to 1 so it's somewhere in between that.
John P. Bilbrey: Let me just add one additional piece of texture that may or may not help you on this, but the only thing it was different in Q3 that if you go back over the last couple of years, you've heard us talk a lot about how we needed to do better in the drug channel than we've been doing. 2 particular pieces of our business were not only in Q3, but as we begin to build a better base here going forward, we've now -- I'll call it turned our business around a more positive results in the food channel. It made significant strides in drug as well. So if you look at the way the business is performing, we've been performing well across channels. We've really also benefited from a bit of a channel mix change as well as we do better and better in those particular channels. So we're almost participating in those segments in a way that we haven't for quite some time.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, I get all that but -- and maybe it's because I've had like 6 Kit Kats this morning. But I think the -- is it -- am I asking for a number you've already given us or you're not giving me the number?
Mark K. Pogharian: We didn't get into that level of specificity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a clarification on how pricing -- how the price increases flow through your P&L. I guess, when -- after the -- you had disclosed or announced your price increase back in March, that the, I guess, the impression or the commentary that you guys were making about how that would flow through your P&L, was essentially that there wouldn't be much in the, I guess, second and third quarters because of the mix. And it seems like it's come in better than what we had modeled and better than what you would expect it. So I guess one thing I'm trying to understand is how much of that is just that the mix has been different. You've done better in single bar and in convenience store, how much of it has been that you haven't had the support the price increases much with promotions. Meaning, your net -- you've been net more effective. You've net seen more of the pricing flow through your P&L.
Humberto P. Alfonso: It's certainly did more about the mix than the -- we can give us supporting the price increase. And so think of Halloween in the third quarter, if that's the old prices and mechanically from accounting perspective the way that would work is that between gross and net, we would have a higher trade promotion number that supports that price increase. But it's more mix than it is that we're spending less to promote -- to protect the prices if that's your question.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So relative to what you were expecting going into the quarter, your mix was just much different than you thought it was going to be?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, the mix was different, yes, and you know part of that you can see in the almost 13% takeaway in convenience. J.P. also talked about drug stores which also has a decent amount of consumable on the front end. So it would certainly be mix that will be important. And then within the context of that one-to-one of historical CPG price conversion and the 0.5 point that we talked about. Mark mentioned we're somewhere in between there, so a little bit better than we anticipated.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then with retailers pricing up or taking more price at the shelf and being successful with it. Is there any chance that on your seasonal items is this -- I guess, as we go through Halloween and the holidays that we'll see more -- some of that as well that if they've been successful pricing on -- raising prices on the nonseasonal that it makes sense to maybe go up on the seasonal as well?
Humberto P. Alfonso: I mean that's not something that's predictable for us. Obviously, retailers set their own prices. What we do is provide the price protection because we've already agreed on the demand equation 6, 8, 9, 10 months ago on a particular season. So that could happen but again, J.P. may want to speak to some of the programs.
John P. Bilbrey: As I look at some of the pricing and all that we're seeing in the market, it really looks as though that the prices are the prices we would have anticipated because we had not taken up prices on Halloween. So I don't think that's an area where people are taking pricing earlier. I think they're really looking at it as a good destination for the consumers. They want to have a proactive pricing. It's competitive. And so you wouldn't really see against the Halloween promotion any kind of pricing inflation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta with Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Clearly, your overall category growth has been stronger than historical averages. And you also alluded to it being stronger than what you're seeing in some substitute categories like salty snacks. I'm wondering whether you could give some color as to why you think you're outperforming salty snacks and what's going on in some of these substitute categories or your category that's enabling that?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I think what I would say is that as we move through the last couple of years with broad economic pressure on the consumer, our category has really, on some level, benefited from the fact that it's an accessible indulgence. And rather than contrast things against cookies, crackers, et cetera. I just think that our category participates in this kind of environment almost at a higher level than it does on a regular basis, because you pick up business from people who maybe have left something else. They still want to feel good. They know that it's something that's within an arm's reach of desire. We have broad-based availability for our products, similar to some of those other categories. But I think this is just one of the real magic benefits of this category is that it's accessible. It's affordable. Chocolate is one of the most business -- frankly, the most affordable country in the world on a cost per pound that participate in the category. And I think that's as important as anything. And then remember, we have ubiquitous distribution. So as we talked about being within an arm's reach of desire, we're in the front end of the store, near the checkouts or at the counters and a lot of places. And then the convenience store businesses continue to do very, very well. And then one of the things -- one of the dynamics we've seen there is some people had pressure on not filling their tank and making multiple trips per week versus -- or maybe they're making one and filling their entire take. They still seem to be going in the store. And we've also benefited from that. So that's really the color commentary I would give that versus trying to contrast us versus 2 or 3 other segments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Dickerson with Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just a couple quick questions. So I hate to beat the dead horse again, but back to the question on the takeaway of the 8.7%, I think you said it was 8.4% in FDMxC channels? And, I mean, what we're seeing in the 4 channels though is that volumes were actually still a little bit up in the quarter. So if that's the case, I mean, does that imply then that volumes could have been a little bit pressured at Walmart? Or are we just missing something?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Walmart was fantastic in that number. The 8.7% is with Walmart.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Right. But the 8.4% that you mentioned.
Humberto P. Alfonso: 8 4 is the FDMxC. That excludes Walmart. The 8 7 includes Walmart.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Right. I'm just saying, we actually look at the 4 channels. And the 4 channels that we're looking at show volumes up a little bit. So that would -- I guess, the question is if there were any volume pressure in that 8.7% number we're seeing and that would imply that the volume pressure would not be in FDMxC, it would be in Walmart. I'm just trying to get a little color on it.
Humberto P. Alfonso: I think -- we're not going to talk about any specific retail volumes. But I think in total, we continue to feel very good about the Q3 trends and the areas of issue.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, fair enough. I'll leave it at that. And then another question back on interest expense. You said earlier that you -- that we shouldn't look at the potential credit raise as an increase in interest expense now. With rates where they are, it could also mean a decrease in interest expense as we get into 2012. Is that credit raise factored in already into the 6% to 8% EPS growth for next year?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, in terms of what I mentioned is that we paid down the $250 and we're looking at the credit markets, we like the current rates and that there's certainly potential to reissue. That would be neutral to next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede with Jefferies.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: First I'll ask a question about your new products -- revenues from new products. Can you tell us what the revenue contribution was from new products during the quarter? And now that you're about to lap the minis and drops introduction, what do you expect for the next few quarters?
John P. Bilbrey: Sure. First of all, let me go back and anchor us in our overall objectives and that is we get about 1 point of our growth algorithm from innovation. Certainly in 2011, we're well ahead of that. We're very pleased with the innovation stream that we have in the pipeline. What we're doing is probably differently from the path is where I think that category in many ways is focused on just introducing a number of items. I think we're far more consumer-centric than we were before. And when we have the innovation that's working hard for us, we want to make sure that we continue to invest in that in year 2 and year 3. So we're very comfortable and I think our retail partners here are pleased with the innovation stream that we have. We do have new things that we're introducing it. In the fourth quarter, we will be lapping the introduction of both minis and drops, and we won't have in the fourth quarter the same innovation contribution that we did in 2010. And then we believe we have a good pipeline of products that enable us to continue to deliver against that growth algorithm going forward. I think there's going to be some years we do better than that. Certainly, this is the last couple of that, that's been true. And there's going to be others that we are about on that pace and that's why we talk about it that way. Our goal is not about quantity, but it's about quality and ensuring that they have net contribution as after cannibalization to our business. So when we talk about those numbers, that's not a gross number of new things selling within the year, but it's really about sticky innovation that's additive to both ourselves and retailers.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: But can you give us an idea if the new products innovation contributed -- how much more contributed than the target 1% during the quarter?
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I'm not going to give the exact contribution level but I can tell you we're very, very pleased and it was well above what all of our bases testing and forecasting would have told us. So we're -- we just feel really good about it and rather than break that out. I would leave it at that. We have innovation coming in June of next year that we're excited about that we think will also be good news for us. We haven't introduced that in the marketplace yet. We've certainly gotten some retailer input during the development phase. But you'll see us back in the middle of the summer with some things that we'll be taking to retailers.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that is helpful. One more question maybe on the retail takeaway. You said that the retailers' priced higher than you actually price. Did volumes for retailers were, therefore, lower than what you saw for your own shipment volume?
John P. Bilbrey: I think what we're really saying is that the timing of when pricing is happening in the marketplace seems to have changed over the historical reference points. Because with all of the broad level of pricing that's happened in the market and with all the broad commodity basket inflation, I think what's happening is that retailers are taking that pricing maybe sooner than it would have happened historically. And, therefore, we're seeing that passthrough. That's really the effect. I don't think anybody is necessarily taking pricing beyond what's being passed through from manufacturers.
Thilo Wrede - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Is the timing -- but does that mean that there's also timing issue about the volume impact of this pricing?
John P. Bilbrey: No. We believe that as we look at the conversion modeling that we've done, it continues to be on track versus what we've said. And then we said it's moved from broad stables number of what's historically been a one-to-one effect to really a 1 to much closer to 0.5 effect in terms of pricing volume ratio.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, Phil. And that's what's built into our forecasts, so we would expect the volume trends to actually improve going forward, especially here into the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Duvick with Bank of America.
Todd Duvick - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Quick question on the balance sheet. Just with respect to financial leverage, obviously your leverage is lower now since you paid off the note, but it's been coming down the last couple of years. So as you look at the credit markets, can you tell us what you're looking at in terms of how much you may look to issue? Is it -- is there a leverage ratio or is there a credit rating? And is that coming from the management team or the board or a combination?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, I would say that the -- let me start with your latter point and I'll work back to your initial question. Certainly the capital structure of the company is ultimately a board level decision. Now management has a view, and we certainly inform the board what we think is the appropriate position to take. We think of it less in terms of a debt-to-equity or a particular metric, although clearly you have to pay attention to those with the rating agencies. But we think about more in terms of the desired credit rating. And we're an A1P1 issuer. We like the A credit rating. We've talked in the past about with strategically for M&A purposes, would you come off those ratings. We said that for something that was strategic and transformational you would. You'd want to see a clear path back. And so right now, we're at about 1.5 in terms of debt-to-equity. And we paid down the bond, but we're looking at the credit market to see if it's not an appropriate time given the interest rate environment to get back into the marketplace. So it's more about the credit rating and, absolutely, to your point, it is ultimately a board level decision.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up little bit on Rob Moscow's question on guidance. When you look back, your initial guidance for both 2010 and '11, you pointed to 6% to 8%. And then you finished or will finish healthily above that. Look back to 2009, you got it to below 6% to 8% initially and you finished well above that. And now you're guiding to that 6% to 8% range again for next year. So given your history, why should we not believe that you're being fairly conservative? I appreciate you don't want to give a lot of detail on that today. But any insights into the thoughts on what's some of the general pushes and pulls there would be helpful that maybe we're not thinking about. Just something on the tax line or is it just something in the general market for confectionery items. I know I'm fishing here. Just hoping for a little nibble.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes. In terms of the guidance, what we've said in the past was that the 3% to 5%, 6% to 8% gives us the flexibility in terms of investment posture. And we've increased some of the -- increasingly have been investing more not that just in the U.S. but outside of the U.S. And given the scale differences, there are different margin structures in non-U.S. markets. The guidance around -- last year, I think around this time, we did give guidance for around the 3% to 5%, 6% to 8%. And as the fourth quarter ended and we had more visibility into the year, we did change to sort of the upper end of those ranges. And we gave that indication early in the year. And so our intent would be somewhat similar. And as we see the year come to a close, as we get a better read on next year, whether it's cost basket wise or how we see our sell throughs on an important season like a Halloween and a holiday, that we will provide further detail and further color around how we feel within those ranges. So I understand the point in terms of being more specific. For us, it's really time of year. It gives us the flexibility to invest buying our business. We think we do that in a disciplined way. And we want to be predictable and to the extent that we can manage our business within those ranges.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just one more brief question. Can you talk a little bit about currency? I don't think you mentioned this yet. Forgive me if you did. How it affects, right now, given spot rates, your top line and margins next year?
John P. Bilbrey: Yes. The currency markets in the first, let's call it -- certainly the first half of the year, we saw that the dollar was weakening. We saw somewhat of reversal of that as you know in the third quarter, mostly precipitated by concerns around Europe, obviously, in flight to safety. And then we've seen that tail off a little bit again to where the dollar's started to weaken again. And so right now, we would anticipate that we have less exposure obviously than some of our competitors in the international market. And yet, this year we've seen about a 1 point benefit from FX, less so in the third quarter. We think that, that trend could continue in terms of a flat-to-down dollar. And so -- but it cuts both ways. On the one hand, while it may provide a better top line, there is some commodity inflation that occurs from a weaker dollar because of the commodity markets just straight in U.S. dollars. So it's not that it drives you in one direction. It really depends on how much commodity and prices are influenced by lower dollars versus the benefit that you get from translation.
Kenneth Goldman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Interesting. I would have thought you had suggested that currency would be a little bit of a headwind given spot rates into next year, but doesn't sound like you're saying that.
John P. Bilbrey: Well, I guess, it's a little bit unpredictable. You have to believe to some degree that the flight to safety element stays in place versus whether people can be convinced that the European markets can take care of themselves and then the focus may get right back to the U.S. deficit. So we don't think there's going to be a dramatic change at this point. But should you know, needless to say, it affects you both ways, translation wise and unfortunately, commodity wise.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Telsey Advisory Group.
John Baumgartner : I just wanted to ask about your thoughts on estimate expense for 2012. Maybe this relates back to John's question a bit but in the U.S. specifically, do you feel you're at a place right now or maybe you're comfortable at the sales force given you've continued share gains here or is it more opportunity maybe going forward to either increase the size of the sales force or at least your hours spent within each store next year?
John P. Bilbrey: I think that from a coverage standpoint, we feel very good about where we're at, the results we're getting and we probably have a more flexible sales organization today given some of the technology investments that we've made and we've had in the past. So I do think we're at a good place and certainly over the last couple of years where we thought we could benefit from incremental coverage we've done that. As the same time, as I talked about earlier, as we think about building density around our coverage in key markets, we want to continue to be able to be flexible to do that. So I think what you'll see that may be a bit different is that we build out our distribution in China as an example where our business is growing very, very nicely in what is a growing category. We'll continue to be making certainly investments there, as well as couple of other places. So again, I think going back to driving a predictable, profitable and sustainable business in North America, we feel good that we're doing that. And then the second goal that we have around delivering geographical expansion in key markets to be places where we make investments around coverage and capability.
John Baumgartner : J.P., thinking about the retailers that we kind of merchandise in the confectionery category here, do you tend to see that we're seeing increased shelf base for the category? That you're more end caps, more free standing displays than historically? I mean, is there a way to think about the extent to which retailers might be using the category more of the traffic driver or capacity.
John P. Bilbrey: One of the things that's been clear over the last couple of years, 2011 was certainly no exception is that because the category has performed well, it's been one of the most attractive categories in the entire box. And so we've benefited from that. I think where we've seen some retailers who have gone through periods where they said, well, we may do less of this and more of something else. I think the category has really proven itself there. One example I'd give you, which I find really interesting and compelling is that as we've done some of our IDP work, we work with one of our large retailers and we realize that while they were doing a really good job in gum and mint on what we would call a snack grab trip mission, They weren't doing so well in the overall, it's a consumable candy bar segment. So we put together a cross-functional team. We worked with them at their headquarters. We used our center of excellence group here, and we did a number of pieces and research as well as some testing. And now as we've implemented those results of the test and the way we think is the right way to go about it. And if you look at the total instant consumable categories, these are your category results. We're not talking specifically just our brands. But in the year 1 roll out of that in these clusters of stores. The sales increase for the category is up 15%. And as we've gotten now into the second round of expansion again, taking this IDP approach to getting very specific consumer insights and trip missions and combining those, the results were up almost 20%. So you're now -- it's an [indiscernible] to engage further around specific trip missions where we take our consumer insights, their shopper data, we look in store clustering and really are able to move the levers across individual and unique stores. So the interest in the category for our retailers continues to be very high and the performance of the category certainly has allowed all of the store and things that we think are good for all of our mutual businesses.
John Baumgartner : Great. And then, Bert, last question. Thinking about your input costs for 2012, you mentioned in the press release the 2-year average. Can you say at all whether you may have been buying below market for some of your input costs in 2011 at all? Because I feel like dairy is usually the wildcard here and that seems to be tracking deflationary year-on-year for 2012. So is there anything somewhere in your hedge basket or in terms of your source that could maintain that this cost push in the new year.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yes, we really don't talk about our hedging programs or how far out we are and so on and so forth. And a part of that, obviously, is some of our competitors report any of that information. Needless to say, we have an active hedging program and we take a view on there's value in the marketplace and look at all the things that you expect us to look at whether it's fundamental supply and demand, or really fits along the technical factors given all the financial money out there in terms of the asset class. Dairy, you're quite right. It's the one that that's least hedge-able and always presents the most uncertainty. The really -- the message that we wanted to put across was that this year has been an inflationary year for commodities and next year will be as well, but that we do think we have the right programs and our focused on the margin will continue to be just as strong next year as it has been this year. Okay. Well, Thank you for joining us for today's conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available all day to answer any follow up questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Humberto Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations John Bilbrey - Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Baumgartner  Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Angie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company's Second Quarter 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Pogharian. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Angie. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. J.P. Bilbrey, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast.  Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements, which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2010 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we've said within the Notes, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings that exclude certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our second quarter results excluding net pretax charges. The 2011 charges were associated with the Project Next Century program, and the 2010 charges were associated with this program, as well as the non-cash goodwill impairment charge.  In the second quarter of 2011, we recorded a net pretax credit of $1.8 million and in 2010, a pretext charge of $86.2 million. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to J.P. Bilbrey.
John Bilbrey: Thanks, Mark. I want to thank all of you on the phone line and webcast for joining us today. Before we discuss the details of our second quarter results, I'd like to give a brief overview of why I believe The Hershey Company will continue to be successful into the future. As the 11th CEO of the company, I believe that there's never been a better time to be part of the Hershey team. The decisions we made several years ago in the North American business to invest in the consumer, our brand and organization capabilities has enabled us to provide our retail partners winning consumer and shopper insights. This approach has provided us with the framework or roadmap for today's success. Our business model and strategy is sound and I feel it's being executed by the best people in the industry. I'm very pleased that we're working as a focused team and fully integrated business. Across the entire company, we have experienced leaders in place who have strong record of success. Our International business continues to progress ahead of plan and I'm satisfied with the disciplined approach we're taking to relate it to the investments that we're making in our organization capabilities. Our businesses in China, Mexico and Brazil are on plan and we're making progress in India. We like the growth outlook and prospects in these key markets, which are an integral part of our international footprint. Sales growth in these focus markets is solid and we're optimistic about the potential to accelerate our international presence behind our disciplined approach to organic investments, acquisitions or joint ventures. Our Insights Driven Performance initiative or IDP is delivering results in North America and will be fundamental to our knowledge-based approach. This proprietary process is enabling us to engage with select retail partners to determine a solutions-based method to drive growth for the category and for Hershey. The collaborative approach is unique within the confectionery space and differentiates Hershey from its peers. We're creating a knowledge-based company based on deep insights. Our intellectual capital brings us together with our retailers to deliver solutions they need to meet consumer demand. We're building a global organization that were equipping with resources and tools to win in the marketplace. The combined investments in our brands, capabilities, international market growth and people will ensure that we remain on track to deliver our financial commitments and build shareholder value. As it relates to the second quarter, I'm pleased with Hershey's strong operating and marketplace results despite the macroeconomic challenges that continue. Net sales increased 7.5%. Bert will give you the details, but growth was primarily due to volume gains in both the U.S. and the international markets. New products were also a positive, driven by the solid performance of Reese’s Minis and Hershey's Drops. Consumer demand resulted an accelerated distribution and merchandising in the quarter versus our original expectations. In the U.S., volume also benefited from earlier-than-expected shipments to customers due to a change in the timing of their promotional calendars. This essentially offsets the shift in order patterns discussed last quarter. Therefore, Hershey's marketplace or takeaway performance was relatively in line with shipments or net sales. However, over the remainder of the year, we expect the category to grow in line with the historical 3% to 4% average due to the unpredictability of seasonal sales. Recall, we're honoring previously agreed upon nonseasonal merchandising price points through much of the third quarter and we do not expect seasonal net price realization until Easter of 2012. Therefore, while we realize some net pricing in the second quarter, we would expect it to temper over the remainder of the year. Following the longer Easter season, which was an opportunity for greater levels of in-store merchandising and program, CMG, candy, mint and gum, category growth has been relatively within the historical 3% to 4% category growth rate. Specifically for the 8 weeks ended July 9, CMG category growth within food, drug, mass excluding Walmart and convenience stores or FDMxC, increased 3.3%. Over the remainder of the year, U.S. category and Hershey growth is driven by seasonality, Halloween, holiday, back-to-school, et cetera. As a result, in the second half of the year, we would expect category growth and Hershey retail takeaway to be more representative of the historical averages.  In terms of marketplace performance, the reported IRI in Nielsen's second quarter accounts for the 12-week period ended July 9, this does not encompass the entire Easter season in both the year-ago and current periods. Therefore, my remarks today will refer to year-to-date marketplace performance for the 28 weeks ended July 9, 2011.  Hershey CMG retail takeaway for the 28 weeks ended July 9 for our custom database and channels that account for over 80% of our Retail business, and as a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass, including Walmart and convenience stores, increased 8.1%. Our year-to-date retail takeaway in FDMxC, and here, this would be excluding Walmart, was up 7.9%. We're obviously very pleased with this performance. These results also benefited from a longer Easter season where Hershey is the seasonal market share leader. Given our solid execution and sell-through, Hershey gained one full share point this past Easter season. We have now won Easter in increased market share for the third consecutive year. I'm also pleased with the overall category performance. For the year-to-date period ended July 9, CMG category growth within FDMxC increased 4.5%, greater than the historical category growth rate of 3% to 4%. As a result of our strong retail performance, Hershey's CMG market share within FDMxC increased 0.9 points for year-to-date period ended July 9.  In the food class-of-trade, CMG category growth, again, for the 28 weeks ended July 9 was up 4.1%. Hershey year-to-date food class-of-trade retail takeaway was up 4.5%, resulting in a market share gain of 0.1 points. Our performance in these channels sequentially improved from the first quarter to the second quarter, reflecting solid in-store merchandising and programming around core brands, Easter and our new products. In the C-store class-of-trade, year-to-date CMG category growth was up 4.3%. Hershey's C-store performance was particularly strong with takeaway up 10%, resulting in a gain of 1.5 share points. C-stores CMG category growth was driven by chocolate and non-chocolate candy, which were up 7.5% and 6.9%, respectively in the category. Hershey's C-store chocolate and non-chocolate takeaway was up 10.1% and 15.4%. These results were due to king-sized pack type growth and distribution gains, strong in-store merchandising and some price realization. In the drug class-of-trade, year-to-date, CMG category growth was up 6.9%. Hershey drug retail takeaway was a solid up 14.9%, resulting in a share gain of 1.7 points. Our performance reflects greater retail collaboration and the IDP category management and consumer insights works we've completed over the last year. In the second half of the year, we would expect growth to temper somewhat as we begin to lap these initiatives. As we look at the remainder of the year in the U.S., we have many exciting products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels, such as our Hershey's S'mores program and Almond Joy and Mounds Tropical Escape, where 2 lucky winners received a 7-day Caribbean cruise, and convenience store king-sized bar program to win free gasoline for the entire summer and the continued launch on the rollout of our Hershey's Air Delight.  We're satisfied with our disciplined approach to new products, which entailed a detailed and thorough understanding of the consumer and the category. This process has, and will continue to lead, to a consumer-based sustainable pipeline. Our Air Delight products are now available in an instant consumable Hershey's Bar and Kisses chocolates. The rollout is underway and advertising and a coordinated FSI will run in September. We're excited about this launch and the potential it has to succeed in the marketplace. I'd now like to spend a moment on our International business. Outside the U.S., our International business is on track and performing well. Year-to-date, our focused markets, including Mexico, China, Brazil and India, are ahead of plan and forecast to grow a combined 20% to 25% in 2011. This is greater than what we discussed when I spoke to you at CAGNY. Over the last few years, we've nurtured this businesses and focused on differentiated product forms and packaging. We've also invested in distribution and go-to-market capabilities. In the select geographies, we're replicating some of our U.S. strategies relating to the confectionery demand landscape. We'll continue with this disciplined approach to global expansion. This has worked well in Mexico, a country we've been in for over 40 years. We have a diversified product line that includes chocolate candy, sugar confections and drinks, supported by an on-site R&D facility. We plan to replicate our success in other geographies, especially in China, our fastest growing international markets. As such, we're in the process of determining the location, scope and size of an Asia R&D facility that will support our businesses in that region. We believe this is a logical next step in building out our international footprint. An R&D center closest to our fastest growing regions will enable us to collaborate with in-country sales, marketing, operations, research universities, all leading to a sustainable core brand growth and innovation relevant to local consumers. Now to wrap up. I'm pleased with the way the confectionery category and Hershey continue to perform. As we look to the remainder of the year, category growth is impacted by seasonality, especially in the third quarter. Thus, we would not expect much net price realization. We'll continue to monitor consumer behavior and purchasing patterns as we work with our retail customers to ensure that the implementation of the price increase is supported with customer trade promotions and merchandising that will continue to grow the category. As discussed at CAGNY, we're on track to increase full-year advertising expense for the total company in mid-single digits, on a percentage basis versus last year. As a result, we expect 2011 net sales, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, to be greater than the company's long-term 3% to 5% objective, an increase to about 6%.  Commodity markets will remain volatile. However, productivity and cost savings initiatives are in place. And at this time, we continue to estimate that the full year 2011 adjusted gross margin will be about the same as last year. Combined with our strong first half performance, we now expect 2011 earnings per share diluted to be greater than the company's long-term 6% to 8% objective, and increase to about 10% for the full year. Let me end by saying I'm optimistic and excited about our future. It's a great privilege to lead our company. We're focused and know what we need to do to succeed. We have strong plans in place that enable us to win wherever we compete. We're investing in our brands and capabilities, leveraging our intellectual capital and building a global company. I'll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some additional detail on our financial results.
Humberto Alfonso: Thanks, J.P., and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that Hershey posted another quarter of quality results. As net sales increased greater than our long-term target with a good balance of growth in both the U.S. and other key markets. Retail takeaway and market share gains were strong. Leverage and some timing of expenses within SM&A resulted in 130 basis point improvement and adjusted SM&A excluding advertising. And we continue to be efficient in deploying brand support to generate top line growth, utilizing a blend of trade and consumer select programs. The second quarter sales gain of 7.5% was driven by volume increases including new products and net price realization of 3 points, primarily in the U.S. That exceeded expectations. Foreign currency exchange also added about 1/2 a point. In the U.S., volume also benefited from earlier-than-expected shipments to customers due to a change and the timing of their promotional calendars. These accelerated in-store programs were greater than expected and also resulted in higher trade promotion as we honored previously-agreed promotional price points. Halloween shipments in Q2 were in line with the prior year. Over the remainder of the year, U.S. category and Hershey growth is driven by a greater proportion of seasonal sales, which we expect will be within the historical category growth rate of 3% to 4%. Also note that in the third quarter, we will begin to lap the successful launch of Reese's Minis and Hershey's Drops, and we do not have a new product launch in that time frame this year.  Turning now to margins. During the second quarter, adjusted gross margin declined 130 basis points. This is in line with our expectations and we continue to expect full year gross margin to be about the same as last year. In the quarter, higher commodity costs were only partially offset by net price realization, supply chain savings and productivity. Input costs were about $25 million to $30 million unfavorable, also in line with expectations. And there is no change to our full year inflation outlook.  With respect to gross margin, it's worth noting that we've recognized about $40 million year-to-date of productivity. The majority, or about $35 million, has been achieved within the cost of goods while the remainder benefits SM&A. Our full year productivity and cost savings targets remain unchanged at $75 million to $95 million, and we expect to achieve savings towards the top end of that range. As a result, we expect quarterly year-over-year gross margin basis points change to sequentially improve over the remainder of the year. As we previously stated, commodities will be higher in 2011. There is no change to our full year commodity cost outlook versus last quarter. And over the remainder of the year, we have visibility into our cost structure and continue to expect 2011 adjusted gross margin to be about the same as last year. In the second quarter, adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes or EBIT increased about 8%, resulting in an adjusted EBIT margin of 17.1, in line with last year. Advertising expense increased about 8% versus the year-ago period, in line with mid-single digit percentage increase forecasted for the full year. We would expect advertising to increase about the same amount in Q3, and then decline in Q4. As we lap the higher investment that occurred in last year's fourth quarter. Adjusted SM&A, excluding advertising, declined 130 basis points as a percentage of sales versus last year. This is partially due to timing, as we expect cost related to non-advertising brand building and go-to-market capabilities to be higher in the second half of the year versus the first. We still expect adjusted SM&A excluding advertising to increase at a rate less than net sales for the full year. Now let me provide an update on our International businesses. On a reported and constant-currency basis, net sales increased meaningfully in Mexico, China and Brazil. These investments we've made in these markets are enabling our brands to gain momentum in the marketplace. We'll continue to make disciplined investments in these markets in Q3 and Q4 to drive brand awareness and trial.  As a result, organic net sales in our businesses outside of the U.S. and Canada are on track to increase at least 15% in 2011, putting us on pace to achieve over $1 billion in organic sales by 2015. Operating income outside of the U.S. and Canada was driven by U.S. export business, as investments in targeted focused markets during the quarter dampened profitability. Moving further down to P&L. For the quarter, interest expense was in line with expectations, coming in at $23.4 million versus $22.8 million for the prior period. For the full year, we expect interest expense to be around $95 million, slightly less than our previously estimated range of $95 million to $100 million. The adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 36.5%, slightly lower than a year ago, and in line with the outlook we provided in April. Excluding tax rate impacts associated with business realignment charges, we continue to expect the full year tax rate to be about 35%.  In the second quarter of 2011, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were $230.3 million, consistent with 2010. Leading to adjusted earnings per share-diluted of $0.56, up 10% versus year-ago. Let me now provide a recap of our year-to-date adjusted results. Net sales increased 9.4% in the first half. Adjusted EBIT increased 10.5%, resulting in adjusted EBIT margin gain of 10 basis points to 17.7%. Advertising increased 19% on a year-to-date basis. Adjusted gross margin was 42.7%, year-to-date versus 43.2% last year or 50 basis points lower as supply chain cost savings productivity and a price utilization were more than offset by higher commodities. Adjusted earnings per share-diluted in the first half increased 11% to $1.28 per share.  Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the second quarter, net trading capital decreased versus last year's second quarter, resulting in a cash inflow of $63 million. Accounts receivable were down $24 million. We continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging, which remains extremely current and of high quality. Inventory increased $55 million, and accounts payable increased $95 million.  In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software were $98 million in the quarter. These amounts included Project Next Century capital expenditures of $62 million. For the full year, we expect Project Next Century capital additions to be in the $190 million to $200 million range. In 2011, we expect CapEx, excluding Project Next Century, to be at the high end of our previously communicated $150 million to $160 million range. So our total CapEx estimate for 2011 is $340 million to $360 million. Note, however, that the total CapEx for Project Next Century program remains within our initially communicated range of $250 million to $300 million.  Depreciation and amortization was $52 million in the quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to Project Next Century of approximately $7 million. Adjusted operating depreciation and amortization is $45 million in the quarter. In 2011, we are forecasting total operating depreciation and amortization of $185 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $76 million. We did not acquire any stock in the second quarter, replace shares issued in connection with employee exercises a stock options, nor did we acquire any stock related to the current share repurchase program. There is one $250 million outstanding on the current authorization. As part of our long-term plan, our objective is to acquire all shares related to stock option exercises.  Cash on hand at the end of the second quarter was $790 million, up versus year-ago period and relatively in line with the balance of the end of 2010. As we exit the second quarter, we are well positioned to manage the seasonal working capital needs of the business, which peaked in the third quarter, as well as the higher capital expenditure requirements of Project Next Century.  Now let me provide an update on Project Next Century program. We are pleased with the progress we're making on the West Hershey plant expansion, which remains on track. Major equipment delivery and installation is on schedule, and we anticipate initial production line startup during the fourth quarter of 2011, with continued rollout and implementation throughout 2012. The forecasted total pretax GAAP charges and non-recurring project implementation costs related to Project Next Century has been narrowed by $10 million. This is primarily due to a reduction of our regional estimates for employee separation costs. As a result, total pretax non-recurring charges are now expected to be with $140 million to $160 million. Note that this morning's press release appendix was updated to reflect our most current thinking of the expected timing of events. By 2014, we continue to expect ongoing annual savings of approximately $60 million to $80 million.  Now to summarize. Our goal in the second of the year is to maintain our marketplace momentum. As we enter the third quarter, we are well positioned to increase U.S. market share and deliver on our financial objectives for the year. Over the remainder of the year, growth is more driven by seasonal items. While consumers will see higher retail price points on our everyday instant consumable and take-home packaged candy, we do not expect this to materially impact our financial results. Therefore, we expect 2011 net sales, including the impact from foreign exchange, to be about an increase of 6%.  Commodity market still remain volatile. However, we have visibility into our cost structure. While we continue to anticipate higher input cost, there is no change to our full year inflation outlook. Productivity and cost savings initiatives are in place and we expect full year 2011 adjusted gross margin to be about the same as last year. I stated earlier in 2011, we expect advertising expense to increase mid-single digits on a percentage basis versus last year. As a result, we now expect 2011 earnings per share diluted to be greater than the company's long-term 6% to 8% target, to increase around 10%. Before we go to Q&A, I'd like recap and remind you of some timing and unique items discussed earlier that will impact Q3 and 4. So as you work your models, please note the following: Over the remainder of the year, U.S. category and Hershey growth is driven more by seasonal business, and consumers will see higher price points on non-promoted items. As a result, in the second half, we would expect sales growth to be more representative of the historical category growth rate of 3% to 4%.  In Q4, we will be lapping the successful launch of Reese's Minis and Hershey's Drops, and do not have a new product launch in that time frame compared to last year. We'll achieve higher levels of productivity at the gross margin line in the second half of the year with sequential gains greater in Q4 than Q3. Advertising will increase mid-single digits on a percentage basis in Q3 and then decline in Q4.  The effective tax rate will be 33% to 34% range in Q3 and 4, lower than year-to-date rate, but still in line with our full year rate of about 35%. As a result of these moving parts within quarters, we would expect the increase in adjusted earnings per share diluted in the second half of the year to be driven by fourth quarter growth, as we start to generate pricing and achieve higher levels of productivity. We will now open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Terry Bivens with JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a question here on kind of the calculus between price realization, your volume growth and new products. I guess, you're signaling that the second half, you're going to see more of the price realization from your -- obviously, from your March pricing action. As we look through the second half, how do you balance the normal elasticity, the volume hit you'll take against the ongoing success of some of your new products like Reese's Minis and Air Delights. You confused me a little bit there by saying that there wasn't -- I know in the fourth quarter, you won't have a product launch like you had a year ago. But won't Air Delights essentially be incremental?
John Bilbrey: Yes. Terry, we believe Air Delight will not only be largely incremental. But if you even look back at Minis and Drops, we felt very good about the contribution it's made to our overall growth profile this year. And in fact, as we said, there will be some years where we're going to do a little bit better than others. We really look in our growth algorithm to have about 1 point of growth coming from innovation. And what's happened for us, it's very, very positive, is that both Minis and Drops have exceeded our expectations. And we want to make sure that even though we have a robust pipeline of innovation, we want to make sure that we're supporting that innovation on a going basis. And so carrying that one forward and the same with Air Delight, we would expect both of those to give a strong performance.
Humberto Alfonso: I'm sorry, the only thing I would add to that is, the comment around Drops and Minis was really more reflective of fourth quarter, which is when we launched it last year. But everything that's been said about Air Delight is absolutely true. In terms of the point that you around price utilization, we did mention that it was a little bit higher in the second quarter than we anticipated. But if you think about our third quarter, which is when we shipped almost all of our Halloween and even some of our holiday, it has the largest seasonal component. And so we've said in the past that price utilization would come more toward the end of the year, on our fourth quarter versus third being so seasonal. And then I did mention in my remarks that it was a bit higher in the second than we earlier anticipated.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And just to finish the point, of that 3% to 4% growth you're looking at, how would you characterize that between pricing and volume? Do you expect volume to be up for the year?
John Bilbrey: Certainly, we expect volume to be up for the year. The only -- the differentiator that we're making, obviously, the first quarter had the Easter and we're all familiar with that. And volume will be driven all year, but we will get the elasticity impact of the price increase. But for the year, we do expect volume to be up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: J.P., as a newly appointed CEO, maybe you can share with us your perspective on, and how you're approaching the international expansion strategy. I think you talked about your satisfied with the discipline approach so far. But are there any plans to maybe accelerate an investment both organically and from an M&A perspective. Maybe you can give us also some perspective on what's going on with India, with some of the press comments there. So just in terms of if you can talk about your international strategy.
John Bilbrey: Sure. Let me just take a bit of a step back and go through several of the things that we've said, which I think will continue to be consistent. But obviously, the strong North American business is fundamental to our success. It's the engine that makes so many things for us possible. We really want to continue to expand our geographic footprint outside of the U.S. And when we talk about that, we're really talking about the most attractive markets for us where we can get growth, where there's, what I would call, lower cost of entry. There's not consolidated trade, not necessarily as consolidated the competitive set. And if the story is still really in the front of us in terms of overall market growth. So expanding our geographic footprint outside of North America, we continue to look at Mexico, China, Brazil, India and then, of course, Latin America and Asia would be the way we describe those as regions. The third pillar is to build a consumer relevant portfolio in both confections and as appropriate adjacencies that can also give us capabilities like distribution, and also could include everything from healthy snack bars and convenience all the way through nutritional beverages that might focus on dairy and proteins. So we're also very interested in looking at a broader portfolio. Innovation continues to be very, very important to us. And then we're going to look for ways to accelerate that growth both organically. So in China, we continue to expand our organization today and then, obviously, via acquisition or joint ventures, whichever is appropriate. So as you make the comment around accelerating growth, certainly, we have that at the top of our mind. Just commenting briefly on India. First of all, we have a great deal of respect for Adi Godrej and the Godrej family of companies. We think India is an important market and we'll continue to participate in the Indian market. How we participate there could potentially look different, but we feel very good about the potential of our businesses in India.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And just in terms of the acquisition potential, both from, I guess, from a pipeline perspective and then your decision either to go organically or through M&A, maybe you can talk about how you're approaching the framework there, one versus the other?
John Bilbrey: Well, I think that it's really parallel paths, so we continue to work on our businesses every day to make good choices and expand the business model that we think is replicable. And then we have a very extensive filter that we use to assess companies. And if we believe that there's one that's appropriate, or multiple companies that were appropriate, we'll run that through our normal process. And we're always open minded to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: It looks like you had 3 big trademark innovations over the last year or so, with the Hershey's Drops Reese's Minis and now Air Delight. And it seems like these new products are trumping the Pieces innovation from the year prior. Do you think that this pace and this sort of pace of new product news is going to be typical of The Hershey Company in the coming years?
John Bilbrey: Well, I think the thing that I would emphasize -- so first of all, let me start by saying yes. And the reason I say yes, it's important to reflect on what we've said about being a knowledge-based company where we're really going to be consumer-insight focused, really try to understand where our brands fair within the overall demand landscape. And so we're not going to be doing what we may at one time lovingly called stuff where we just had pretty rapid introduction of things and then they were falling out as fast as they were going in. Pieces continues to do very well. There is certainly interaction with the new -- the introductions that we've made. But they're doing well. And I'd also --there's a couple that you didn't mention Jolly Rancher Awesome Twosome is doing well and our IB Frost is also doing well. And I go back to my earlier comment, we want to really make sure that we're supporting each of these initiatives to make them successful over time. And in this kind of economic environment, one of the things that's obvious and we've certainly learned is our retailers have precious dollars to spend, and we need to make sure that each of these innovations are as productive for them as they are for us. So churn is certainly not something people are looking for, but real news around real brands that are sustainable.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: Just of sort of related question, the gum category, there is a lot of energy in that category of few years back, innovation at that period. But that category seemed to lose it. They seemed to lose that energy. I know you don't have a huge gum and mint business, but do you have an opinion about why that was? Why that category sort of lost the magic? And is there any license here?
John Bilbrey: Well, I think the gum segment had a lot of innovation, a lot of news. And that would certainly -- driving the business to test for all of us, of course, is what the velocity per SKU is on an ongoing basis. But we feel good about our mint business, so we have a #1 position in mints. Mint grew very nicely for us from a share standpoint and contributed nicely. In fact, retail takeaway for us in FDMxCw, our mint was up over 13%. So we feel good about the things we're doing there. There's nice price realization for the retail and us in that category.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess with your background in international, J.P., I guess it's one of the advantages you bring to Hershey. I guess, I'm in a little bit surprised that there isn't a little bit more disclosure, like of the 4% volume growth in the quarter. How much of that is U.S. versus international? Or maybe you could kind of detail that. And then also, you're talking -- when you talk about the second half '11 category growth of 3% to 4%. Is that units? Is that dollars? Are you including international in that? Or are you just focused on the U.S.? It's a little bit -- I'm not exactly understanding what happened in the quarter with international so strong versus the U.S. market, and a little bit of kind of how we should think about the second half with these various swing factors?
John Bilbrey: Yes. Let me first talk a little bit about the International businesses. As you know, we don't break those businesses out separately. But if I refer back to the remarks I made earlier, at CAGNY, we were saying that in order to get to $1 billion in business, we were going to need to grow at about a 15% rate, and we've really been growing closer to 20% to 25%, and so we feel very good about that. Every one of our markets contributed to that growth and they were an important part of the growth of the overall company within the quarter. So we were very satisfied with the position of the businesses we have. I can tell you I'm very committed. With a number of my other colleagues, uniquely, I'm the first CEO of the company that started by running the International businesses at Hershey, I had a chance to run North America. So I've got a lot of sweat like a lot of other people in those markets. And I'm excited to see what we're doing organically, but I'm not satisfied that, that's going to be enough for us. And so we are going to try to accelerate our growth there to a number of different efforts. As you look at the back half of the year and, of course, the U.S. business is a significant percentage of our business, we have a good understanding of what we've sold in given the nature of the seasonality of the business, so you have Halloween, you have holidays significantly in there. And the other thing that may not be as obvious is the category slowed a little bit over the last 4 and 8 weeks. And so on some level, I think it's important none of us get out over our skis there as well. So the second half profile is simply very different than the first half. It's far more predictable, price points have been protected and seasonal, 2/3 of the seasonal business occurs in the second half. And that's not affected by pricing so you won't have the price realization affecting the dollar sales there. So those would be a couple of comments I would make around the profile of the business. And then I would just tell you that our International businesses, we hope continue to contribute at greater and greater levels.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Let me just, again, follow up on this briefly. If I take your CAGNY presentation and I look at the growth targets of that billion dollars, I mean, I think, the math works out given how much international you have. It adds about over time like 1% to your consolidated top line growth. So again, when you're talking about the 3% to 4% category, you're just talking U.S. and we should view anything international consolidated on top of that?
Humberto Alfonso: No, Eric, that's not way to think about it. Let me give you kind of a macro view, and then more important to the second of. So when we talk about the second half, we are talking about the total company and the seasonal component, well we do have Chinese New Year certainly is far, far bigger than the U.S. If you think about on more macro within the 3% to 5% that we talked about on a long-term net sales, we do think about being able to build growth certainly at the 3% to 4% category rate. And grow some share in the U.S., but at that 3% to 4% rate. And we do hope that we continue to get that 1 point that gets us closer to the 5% within that 3% to 5% range from the International business.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: All right. That's helpful. And then just one last follow up and I'll pass it on. Bert, is it reasonable to look at the pricing because I thought Dave and you last quarter did a very good job of kind of laying out how pricing is going to flow through over the next couple of quarters. So basically, is it fair to summarize that the second quarter pricing was greater than you expected, that kind of stalled from the third quarter? But the fourth quarter is in line with what you were talking about when you kind of talked about situation last quarter?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about it. We did have more price realization in the second, and we did certainly did expect it at the instantly consumable level C-store where it tends to change faster. Where we saw more price realization than we expected probably was in other pack type. And as you know, there's been an awful lot of pricing across a number of categories. So retailers perhaps are being was a little bit more aggressive on those things. But the third quarter is very seasonal, and J.P already mentioned price protected. So we expect a lull there not like the second and the third. And then as we get into the fourth, you'll start to see more price realization. There is less -- while the holiday does sell in the fourth, we do shift some in the third. And so we do expect a little bit of a rebound in the fourth on price realization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: On the price elasticity, just what was your expectation on the price elasticity? It sounds like the volume was the degradation or the volume impact was less than expected, why would you think that would change going forward?
Humberto Alfonso: In terms of the elasticity, I would say that it might have been a little better. It was not that different than our expectations. We did have in the quarter the volume, more or less, as we anticipated. It was a good mix of U.S. and non-U.S. growth. It's a little early to have real confirmation around what our model projections are, only because again it's early in the price increase. And you see it more on the consumable side. I already said that we sold a little bit more on packaged candy. But I think we're tracking more or less the way we expected. And by the time we get to the end of the year and you get past the seasonal price protected component, then we'll start to get a much better idea if we're tracking well against the model. But right now, we're not terribly different than we thought.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My next question is, J.P., I guess if you think about how you expect your -- is there any difference between how you think Dave managed the business and how you will. Is there any point that you could say, "Hey, maybe I'll go in this direction." I know it's a very general question, but is there a way that you could give us any sort of directional change? I assume, if you give us some representation of how you look at it going forward?
John Bilbrey: Well, let me make a couple of comments. First, Dave was great boss and he was certainly a great friend, he did a great job of leading the company. So in a number of ways, I hope there is some similarities, or at least if I'm smart, I should claim some. But there's really probably a couple of things to think about. First of all, Dave and I worked really closely together, and in many ways, because of the way he was so collaborative, we were co-architects of the number of things that we're doing. But there's really a couple of different areas where we might be different. And first, if you look at my background, after a foundation of kind of classical training at Procter & Gamble for 22 years, I spent a significant portion of my career working and living outside of North America and mostly in developing and emerging markets. So that's certainly one way we're different and so I probably think about those things differently than some people. In the second -- real difference is that I grew up in the business in commercial roles, and I began my career in sales. And both of this had a chance, I think, over the years touched most parts of the business through a number of different roles. So we both had really broad-based experiences in the business. So while we have slightly different paths, I'd say that we both have broad experiences in operating roles. Certainly, I'm probably, by default, more focused on some of the commercial and brand-building initiatives that we have, and I kind of like to describe myself pretty much as a general businessman. And I love the International businesses and the roles they can play in creating balance for the business. So I'm very committed to seeing the company, if I look back on what I hope to be able to leave as a legacy is that we've got the right international footprint and portfolio for the next areas of growth. And that's how I'm going to spend a lot of my time.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Any chance we'll actually see it break out of international growth, the international profits anytime?
John Bilbrey: Well, I can probably ought to let Bert say that, but I assume that if we get the right level of scale, certainly, that's where it would take us.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. I wouldn't make any comment beyond that. It's really more of an accounting question. And certainly, as that business becomes bigger, we will provide more information.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: First question, just around the gross margin. I wanted to make sure I heard you right on the commodity side. I think you've said that commodities were underfavorable by $25 million to $30 million. Was that absolute or net of pricing and productivity and things? Because if it's absolute, one would think that your 3% price utilization in the quarter could easily have covered that? So a little clarity on that would be helpful.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, that's an absolute number on commodities. Now there's another component of what I'll think of as supply chain costs, which include -- we think of it as co- manufacturing. We do some packaging and some things outside, which also kept some commodity implication, which is a bit separate. But the margin itself in the quarter was more or less within expectations. It is a little lumpy the year. And we continue to expect that the full year will be about the same as last year. Productivity is a little different in terms of the profile. I did mention that we had about $40 million in the first half and that our outlook range being $75 million to $95 million, and we think we'll be toward the upper end of that, so it gives you a sense that productivity will be higher in the back half. And that's how we'll sequentially get back to more or less equal to last year. But the margin number was not that much different than we thought it would be.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Was the productivity more first quarter weighted? I'm just trying to get a sense of the gross margin shift year-over-year? I know it's against a very tough comp last year certainly.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. We're a little bit more in the first quarter than the second and within that $40 million that we talked about for the half.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just a follow up on elasticity. I know so far it's early, but more or less in line with what your models said. Do the models assume though that elasticity should be more reasonable sort of this time around versus the price increase a couple of years ago, just because, obviously, you've done a lot around your brand and spend around reinvestment, innovation, the step-up in the sales force and various channels. So I assume the elasticity, the models might suggest something different by the way you're planning, or maybe not, but I'm curious on it
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, I think that's a good observation, Andrew. And while the methodology is fairly similar, we do look at it by brand and by channel impact type and such. You point it right, I mean versus the 2008 price increase, our business is certainly better supported than it was at that time in terms of advertising levels and the like. The economy I think is the wild card frankly, that while in 2008, we were sort of in the midst of the financial crisis. We're still a little cautious on the consumer perhaps, given unemployment levels. But the model does reflect those differences in the support of the business. So that's a good observation.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Last thing is just -- I think, you'd probably say it's just too early for this. But as we think out to 2012, at this stage, are there a couple of things even preliminary or directionally, that you kind of know will be sort of change factors one way or the other? In other words, we know you've got fuller slate of the pricing coming in next year, so we kind of factor that in. Is there any way to get a sense of broadly of your full basket of commodities? Is there going to be huge step-up one way or the other or other things that we might not be able to see at this stage?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. I mean this is not the time of the year that we talk a lot about 2012, and we will as things develop. You already mentioned the pricing and you're right. The lion share realization does come next year. And we're certainly -- we expect that commodities will continue to be a headwind next year, that's the way we think about. The cost basket will get more detail as we get further into the year. But having said that, we're not thinking any differently about our long-term targets as we get into '12.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just had 2 questions for you. One was a bit of a follow up to Andrew's question on the gross margin, which is, is there any change to your cost inflation in the second half of the year? Something that could be different there that can affect our view of the gross margin there?
Humberto Alfonso: No. I mentioned that the outlook really hasn't changed much from Q1 when we last spoke. Productivity is a little bit more back-end skewed, but we expect sequential improvement based on that and to end up the year with what we've been saying all along, which is more or less with the gross margin ratio similar to last year.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then a question for you on the second quarter, the one just completed, you had your Air Delight shipments at least in part in the quarter here, you had -- there was a comment about the change in promotional timing. And of course, you also had international growth. It looked quite strong across the various markets. So if you really dug down underneath that, I'm just curious is the underlying volume growth rate in the U.S. maybe a little softer than you expected but you had a couple of things that help lift that? Or are there a little more detail you can give on those factors that helped the second quarter?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, what we mentioned in some promotional activity that came into the second, probably would have occurred in the third, really if you go back it kind of offset what we talked about between the first and the second. As well we got a little bit of that, so it was a little bit neutral to the quarter but comes out of the back half. In terms of underlying business, while certainly there's been a strong contribution to the U.S. business from the new products, because Minis and Drops continue to perform well and we did have the pipeline and the launch around Air Delight, the underlying core business continues to be where we expect it to be.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And was there a benefit from Air Delight, is that a large benefit or a quantifiable benefit for the second quarter?
Humberto Alfonso: Well, you do get some of the pipeline still. And obviously, without a lot of the takeaway, yes. So yes, there are some for sure.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Is that a point of growth though or is it something less than that.
Humberto Alfonso: We're not really going to comment on the amount that it impacted the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: J.P., congratulations on the promotion to CEO, well deserved. I want to follow up on the second quarter and third quarter commentary. So just to make sure, Bert, second quarter, it had a 1.5 volume shift into the first quarter, and you told us about that last time. And that was supposed to be a negative headwind on second quarter. Then you had an offsetting impact of third quarter volumes shipping into second quarter of an equal amount. So far, if I'm saying that right, then it sounds to me like third quarter revenue growth, that's the place where the negative is going to show up. We're going to see a lower revenue growth in Q3 versus pretty much any of the quarters in the year. Is that right?
Humberto Alfonso: No. I don't think I would think about it exactly that way, David. But first, let me talk about the first comment that you made. The shift first to second, third to -- or second to first, third to second, if you will. They're approximately equal, not exactly, but approximately equal. And really what that was is we had a couple of large customers decided that they wanted to run some price protected program sooner, and we work with them to be able to have them do that. The third quarter, although there is a little bit of a shift there, is very much a quarter that has a larger seasonal component, because we shipped almost all of the Halloween, which is a large season, and then we also shipped some of our holiday. And so we wouldn't read that necessarily that, that really puts all the pain on the third quarter versus the rest of the year. But the shifts ware approximately equal.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then the final comment on the pattern issue is that, you said advertising spending of 8% in the third quarter, and that suggests some EPS pressure in the third quarter, and I think that's the reason why in said most of the growth is fourth quarter?
Humberto Alfonso: Well, there are 2 things. We said, I think advertising was higher in the first because you know we have some new brands, we have Syrup and I think PayDay being advertised as well. We started to advertise Minis and Drops. So the first quarter had a higher than mid-single digit rate. And then the second quarter was in the mid-single digit. So we expect to finish out the year. I did mention though that SM&A was lower by 130 basis points in the quarter. And that some of that was timing, it's not advertising related, but it is other programs that will be in the third quarter.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: All right, that's clear. J.P., back to international, I want to pickup on Judy's comments on Godrej in India. There's press reports that specifically state that this thing is going to get dissolved. Your press release today didn't actually say that. It just said that you took a write-off on it. I'm confused. Is it dissolved? Are you still -- is the JV ongoing, is it going to remain ongoing? And how is that business going? I don't think that you've launched the number of the Hershey brands on that joint venture, and I'm just kind of curious just to understand kind of why and what's the strategy?
John Bilbrey: First, what I would say is that the write-off for impairment you're talking about actually was in the previous period not this period. And I want to make sure that I'm not making too many comments around our joint venture relationship, it's just a matter of policy, we frankly don't do that. Certainly we've done our share of learning in India, but we think that the brands and the position that the joint venture offers us certainly is a good starting point. So I'm not going to make comments to predict anything about that particular relationship, but what I would come back to you and say is that we continue to believe India is a great market. It's a market we want to participate in. I think the story in India is a longer one than, say, compared to a China. So I think patience is going to certainly be a virtue there, getting it right. Many of our brands there are co-branded between Godrej and Hershey. And one of our largest brands there, Mahallato [ph], which is a chocolate sugar confectionery type brand, is one that we probably made some positioning errors, I would say, in changing sizes and some things that didn't work to our advantage when we were in an increasing sugar cost environment. We've reversed those. We had a very good second quarter. The business had a lot of traction. And we felt good about that. So those are just a couple of comments I would make there around the Indian business. But we like the market certainly.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Did Hershey bid on the -- and I don't know if I'm going to say this right, Hsu Fu Chi that's the business that Nestle just bought, I believe a 60% stake in. Were you guys involved in the bidding? Or was the CEO transition -- J.P., did at anyway did that prevent you guys from getting in on the bidding process there.
John Bilbrey: Well, as a matter of company policy, we don't comment on M&A or acquisition by others. Certainly, we were aware Hsu Fu Chi and we are very excited about our potential in China, and one acquisition by another company certainly doesn't change our outlook on the market. And as you know that company had a number of different pieces to it. So what I would tell you is, is that we continue to have our head down in China looking for opportunities and we're growing nicely there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I noticed that you made a little side comment about the end of second quarter. You thought that you saw the last 4 weeks the category slowing a little bit. Can you give us an order of magnitude about what your data is seeing, I didn't see much of a slowdown. And then secondly, can you also comment on the price realization at the shelf. The data I saw indicated that retailers were keeping prices pretty high, or maybe even raising prices higher than what you were charging them. I saw price realization up around 8%. Is there any risk that retailers go ahead and raise price ahead of the fact, even though that you're price protecting them?
John Bilbrey: Well, let me just kind of give you an FDMxC view on what we're seeing in terms of the category. If you look at the 4 weeks ending in June 11, we saw the category was up about 2.3%. It bumped up a little bit higher than at the end of 7, 9 and then if you really do a weighted average of the last 8 weeks, it's about plus 3.3% and the category had been running a little bit higher above 4% prior to that period of time. So we're just seeing a little bit of moderation there.
Humberto Alfonso: Rob, your point on price realization, I think, what I mentioned was we certainly were expecting it. In a similar business a lot of that being C-store related. We did see more price realization on other pack types, and that was the part that was a bit [indiscernible]. I mean, retailers set their own prices certainly with respect to how they manage their businesses, with or without our price protection. We protect price as we've agreed on certain merchandising event that have a demand curve behind them, and those are agreed upon before pricing. So they certainly can set their prices different than whatever is price protected.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Do you see that happening in the marketplace right now that they are actually...
Humberto Alfonso: I think we've seen a little bit of that, but again, there's been a lot of pricing in a lot of categories. And so perhaps, retailers are moving in that direction a little sooner than they might have done in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Just wanted to ask J.P., you opened your comments this morning with a reference to the insight-driven performance program. I'm just trying to get a handle on how much more meat there is from programs like that. It seems that strengthening of relationship through improving category management practices have been a theme of Hershey for the last several years. So perhaps you could tell us a little bit about what's different about the new program, maybe some examples of the kind of insight that you're now able to generate that you weren't able to before. And kind of how many innings through this process are we, particularly, now that I think you said that you've picked up the category captain via the larger U.S. retail relatively recently.
John Bilbrey: Yes. First of all, as you know, The Hershey Company has been active in the category captain for a number of our retailers for a long period of time. And IDP is one element of the next generation of category management, but it's really even broader than that. But what would really be great is that sometime when we're altogether we can talk in more depth around IDP because it's going to be a fundamental piece of our business going forward for a long time. So we could do a justice in that environment probably more so than the call. But what it really does is it establishes a different kind of relationship, where we're talking far more from a longer-term strategic standpoint about how do we create and yield demand opportunities between shoppers and consumers. It really links retailer strategies with our category strategies. And then it enables us to invest in research that's mutually beneficial to all of us based on some of the insights that we have. So a lot of the spend we have rather than going up ourselves and say we're going to go learn about consumers and then go tell somebody about it, and there's a transaction. This is really a collaborative approach where we really make decisions around those investment dollars. Together we decide what the research looks like and it's a far more harmonized in strategic relationship and it's longer-term or some of the things we agree to do, we're doing over time. So that by the time you get to the point of, the items you're going to sell, the innovations you're going to make, they're well understood by everyone, and it's less about the transaction, and it's more about the next logical step and solutions you're providing to both consumers and also to shoppers. So it's really been a powerful tool for us because it's changed the dialogue we're having with a number of customers, and it's changed our role in the store in some instances, and they go even beyond our category, but certainly benefiting our category as well. So we're excited about it. It's the way we run the company and it's part of us creating scale around intellectual capital and being a knowledge-based organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a quick follow up on some of the comments you've made about gross margins in the second quarter. I just want to make sure that I'm understanding it correctly. Cost inflation or input cost inflation came in roughly in line with what you were expecting. And net price realization was a little bit better than you thought. But I guess the difference, and cost savings were where you thought, but the reason why gross margins were still sort of in line with what you were budgeting was because the mix was a little bit negative, is that right?
Humberto Alfonso: Well, not so much the mix. If you think about the quarter, Bryan, we certainly would have expected some volume impact and between gross and net in terms of higher trade promotion that works way down to the gross margin line. And so in our case, it's more around some of the seasonality around productivity, which I talked about. And in the back half of the year, we expect to have a bit more of that where we'll get some sequential growth. So it really was not so much about mix. In fact, the Instant Consumable business, which is our higher margin business and you see that in sort of the takeaway numbers in C-stores was actually pretty good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Feeney with Janey.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I just wanted to dig in a little bit, following up on elasticity result. When you talk about your elasticity model, the one area, I mean, obviously, it's been great and the architecture and category attributes are great. If there is a concern over the next 12 months it's at a category level, elasticity maybe start to bump in to salty snacks and other things in the store where -- I don't know how to think about the interplay because clearly confectionery has been realizing price better than others, and actually that runs into adjacent categories. And if Hershey's ever had problem in the past, in my view, that's kind of been it. So I specifically want to ask, does your elasticity model capture, first of all, the relative performance of the confectionery category versus other categories as far as pricing goes to the consumer? And secondly, does this time around, your Hershey specific elasticity model sort of capture that Masterfoods is already out there with announced pricing in a way they weren't the last time around?
Humberto Alfonso: Jon, we do some of the -- some of the modeling does take into account, obviously, how the products interact with other categories packaged foods. But I would tell you that the majority of the emphasis really is on a brand-by-brand, channel-by-channel and pack-type analysis. We do, obviously, take into consideration and we've already talked about it a little bit earlier, the support behind the business that we have today versus where we might have modeled it previously and what we learned about the actual elasticity versus modeling in the previous increase. But not nearly, I think, the level of emphasis that the way you tried to explain it versus the other categories.
John Bilbrey: Jon, there's a couple of interesting things that might get to a bit of your question. But interestingly, both chocolate and non-chocolate over the last quarter have seen increases in household penetration. So chocolates had a 1.1 point increase in household penetration, chocolates been about the same. If you look at the balance of the snacking categories without calling out anything specific, those 2 would certainly be at the top. The other thing that's interesting is that we're seeing is that trips for buyer and dollars spent also in our category is doing quite well. And then also in terms of the total dollars spend, we're seeing that being the same actually. And so, with increased frequency, that's one of the things that's really helping us. You'll probably see that more within convenience early than any place else. But in terms of again, the robustness of the category, it really puts us in the pretty advantage place and some of that data is quite encouraging.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta of Wells Fargo Securities.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Most of my questions have been answered at this point. But I wanted to revisit the second quarter gross margin question. It looks like your gross margins were -- you comment today your gross margins were done pretty much in line with expectations. Could you sort of help us bridge what some of the drivers were of the gross margin decline other than the input cost inflation which you quantified?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. It's not really, Eric, in terms of trying to give you something that was a bigger driver, it really does come down to we had volume and some price realization and we did have some productivity, which more comes in the back half than the first. But simply, the cost impact in the quarter in terms of commodity inflation, which is not dramatically different than the first was greater than what we were able to offset it with our productivity programs. So for the most part it really is that, it may feel a little bit lumpy during the year but as we get greater productivity in the back half, we expect that sequential improvement and end up the year just as we've been saying all along. So it's really are the same drivers that you talked about.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Well, I guess what I'm getting at is were you at all disappointed that the slightly better-than-expected volume and maybe earlier-than-expected price realization that you saw during the quarter, didn't translate into perhaps some better gross margin performance and some better EPS upside than what you actually ended up posting?
Humberto Alfonso: No. I wouldn't say so. I think while we would all like it to be a lot smoother, it wasn't a lot different than we anticipated before the quarter begun. And our view was that we would get that sequential improvement in the back half.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then as we look to the back half, is it fair to say that you're expecting more fixed cost leverage even though volumes are going -- you know you're going to feel some elasticity impact, you're going to have a some greater productivity savings than you did or productivity savings are going to ramp.
Humberto Alfonso: I'd say on balance, I think, that's true. Certainly, we've already mentioned the productivity has a bit of a skew in the back. And the volumes around the back half of the year, a bit more predictable, that they're being the higher seasonal component. So I think that would be the case.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Telsey Advisory Group.
John Baumgartner : J.P., 2 questions. I think, first, internationally in emerging markets, given these investment in those emerging markets and then I guess the time required and your experience with that ROI, is there any sort of time horizon you may have where we might start seeing material profitability out of those investments? Are we 3 years away, are we 5 years away, 10 years away? Just trying to get a feel for that. And then secondly in the U.S., just curious, any thoughts on the premium chocolate segment. I know a few years there was quite a bit of focus behind the Starbucks and the Scharffen Berger and the Bliss. And I guess since then it's really kind of fall off as a talking point. I mean is that no longer a relevant area of focus for you? Is it just sort of a tighter discretionary spending here in the food economy?
John Bilbrey: Well, let me take the first question. We don't put a specific time line around what those businesses would look like. What we're really focused in is having the right business model in place, investing in the brands and ensuring that we're committed. So there's been some times in the past we've had forays into some markets, but I would say that our commitment level hasn't been as high as it should. And then, of course, how you do it is important as well. Whether you're doing organically, whether you have an acquisition that's attractive from the very beginning, or sometimes joint ventures offer some of those benefits as well. So it really would be almost impossible to talk about it in term of timing. I really think about in terms of making the profitable investment -- making the appropriate investments and brand building. And we talked a lot about a disciplined approach. Don't read that as a timid approach but read it as a very thoughtful and balanced approach to ensuring that we're building a solid portfolio for our business. The second point around premium is the premium segment is about 6% of the total Chocolate business. We think it's important to participate in premium, as premium is looking as though it's starting to grow little bit again, but recall in trade-up in premium, it's about flat. 90% of the volume is really for the category and the mix of our wheelhouse and we've continued to really insure that we've made investments that are sustaining on those brands first. But going forward, we continue to think about the importance of premium, and we'll participate there.
Humberto Alfonso: 6% of the chocolate category.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Gentlemen, do you have any closing remarks?
John Bilbrey: Thank you for joining us for today's conference call. Matt Miller and I will be available the rest of the day for any follow-up questions that you may have. Thank you.
Humberto Alfonso: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Humberto Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President John Bilbrey - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President David West - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and President of North American Commercial Group Mark Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Erin Lash - Morningstar Inc. Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Angie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Pogharian. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Angie. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to those of you on the line and on the webcast to The Hershey Company's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Dave West, President and CEO; and Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO, will provide prepared remarks. And then both of them, along with J.P. Bilbrey, COO, and myself will answer any questions you may have during the Q&A session. Let me remind everyone that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2010 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website, www.thehersheycompany.com, in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we've said within the Notes, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results, in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our first quarter 2011 results, excluding net pretax charges that are related to the Project Next Century program. In the first quarter of 2011, these pretax charges were $9.7 million. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. Lastly, there are broader peers [ph] reporting this morning, and out to respect to them, as well as to the analysts and investors who want to participate in those calls, we ask that you limit yourself to 1 question. With that out of the way, let me now turn the call over to Dave West.
David West: Thanks, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Hershey's first quarter results were strong and I'm pleased with our performance. The investments we've made in our business over the last 2 years continue paying dividends, as core brands continue to perform well in the marketplace. Our advertising continues to resonate with consumers, and we are getting solid lift from our in-store selling, merchandising and programming. Our marketplace performance and strong start to the year give us confidence that we'll deliver on our 2011 financial objectives.  I'd like to start by spending a moment on the pricing action announced on March 30. As you're all are aware, commodities market prices have been volatile, and we expect that volatility to continue in the coming months and quarters. Prices for many of the primary and secondary commodities we use in our products have increased year-over-year and since our last conference call. While we can hedge our future needs on most of our primary inputs, there are numerous secondary inputs where there is not a developed futures market. Given category dynamics related to the pricing flow-through and the view of our future cost profile, a price increase was necessary to protect our margins. This action was effective immediately on March 30. However, during the 4-week period ending April 22, existing customers were allowed, based on historic order patterns, to order up to 8 weeks of inventory at the previous price, if delivery occurs by May 20. As expected, some of our retail customers have ordered product under this scenario.  Prior to the increase as Q1 progressed, we saw a shift in order patterns by some customers, who chose to carry slightly greater levels of inventory in the first quarter. Given broad-based upward inflationary pressure in many food and packaged goods categories, we suspect they were carrying additional inventory in anticipation of a potential price increase. We estimate that about 1.5 points of net sales growth in the first quarter was attributable to volume, which normally would have shipped in the second quarter. Given the relative sizes of Q1 and Q2, that will likely result in about 1.5% less revenue in Q2 as inventories normalize. Also recall that we do not expect seasonal net price realization until Easter 2012. Additionally, the majority of nonseasonal merchandising will be offered at previous promoted prices through much of the third quarter of 2011. We therefore expect a higher Q2 trade promotion rate, which will further dampen revenue.  Consumers are starting to see higher everyday prices, primarily on instant consumables and on in-aisle, nonmerchandised take-home items. As such, we expect an initial price elasticity impact to result in lower volumes over the remainder of the year and into 2012. Therefore, we do not expect this action to materially impact our financial results this year. While it's a bit early to measure consumer reaction in response to the pricing action, we feel that our brand support, innovation, consumer spending and investment and go-to-market capabilities will enable us to deliver on our full year net sales objectives, which remains around the top of our long-term 3% to 5% range. Overall, the confectionery category continues to perform well, as recent gains have been within the category's historical growth rate. Investments in the category in the form of advertising and innovation are present for most major manufacturers.  Given the high household penetration and the impulsive nature of the category, as well as affordable price points, we believe retailers and consumers will continue to value the confectionery category. As a result, we would expect the category to consistently secure key merchandising and programming space, even as price points may rise.  We're satisfied with our performance and customer relationships in all channels, measured and nonmeasured. In fact, at 1 of our largest customers, we recently secured the advisorship for category captaincy for the entire front end. This includes not only candy, mint and gum, but all general merchandise.  In the first quarter, Hershey's net sales increased 11.1%. Bert will provide you with additional details, but the growth was primarily driven by volume. Core brands, on both in everyday and seasonal basis, grew in line with our expectations. New product performance and pipeline fill was solid and contributed nearly 3 points to growth. We also benefited from a longer Easter season. Recall in 2011, Easter occurred on April 24, and in 2010, on April 4. Therefore, the timing of Easter obviously has and will impact IRI and Nielsen data related to the March and April periods.  Preliminary analysis of Easter data indicates that we had a good season and that Hershey's sell-through will be solid. Our results were driven by Easter specific advertising, including both the Reester and Cadbury Clucking Bunnies, as well as our sponsorship of the blockbuster Easter-themed movie, Hop. Easter timing aside, Hershey's marketplace performance was solid. CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, retail takeaways for the 12 weeks ending March 19 for our custom-based database in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business. So as a reminder, the channels here are food, drug, mass, including Walmart, and convenience stores, we increased 3.7%, a very respectable growth rate, despite the impact of Easter timing.  Excluding Easter seasonal activity in both the current and year-ago period, a better yet still imperfect measure, our retail takeaway was up 6.7%. Perhaps the easiest way to assess performance given seasonal timing and therefore, all the noise in the data is by looking at absolute market share results. We gained market share, both with and without the Easter seasonal activity. All-in, including the seasonal activity, Hershey's CMG market share in FDMxC increased 0.5 points for the 12 weeks ended March 19.  I'm also pleased with the overall category performance in the first quarter. For the 12 weeks ended March 19, FDMxC category growth, excluding seasonal activity in both the current and year-ago period, was up 5%, greater than historical category growth rate of 3% to 4%. First quarter food class-of-trade CMG growth again, excluding seasonal activity in both the current and year-ago periods, was up 4.7%. Hershey's food class-of-trade retail takeaway in the first quarter was up 2.5%, resulting in a market share decline in the food class-of-trade of 0.6 points. Although down, our performance in food sequentially improved, as we exited the quarter, as we rolled out Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis. Also note that Hershey's Syrup performed solidly in food class-of-trade in response to our new advertising. However, the success of this brand is not included in CMG results.  In this Easter class-of-trade, where the Easter impacts are minimal, the CMG category was up 4.9%. Total Easter performance for Hershey was particularly strong with takeaway up 10.2%, resulting in a share gain of 1.4 points. These gains were driven by core brand advertising, in-store selling, merchandising and programming, including our successful promotional tie-in with the NCAA March Madness basketball tournament. This Easter class-of-trade also benefited from the king-sized pack-type launch of Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis.  In the drug class-of-trade, our performance sequentially improved from Q4 to Q1. While some of it was due to easier year-over-year comps, we do feel that it validates the Insights Driven Performance or IDP work that we started. Drug class-of-trade CMG category growth, excluding seasonal activity in both the current and year-ago periods, was within historical growth rate for the category. Hershey Q1 drug class-of-trade retail takeaway, again excluding the seasonal activity in both periods, was up 14.3%, resulting in a market share gain of 1.3 points.  As we look to the remainder of the year, we have many exciting products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels, including a sponsorship to the upcoming Green Lantern movie, a Twizzler summer landmark program, where families win a trip to the American landmark of their choice and the June launch of Hershey's Air Delight, in both in instant consumable bar and Hershey's Kisses format.  We're also on track to increase full year advertising expense for the total company mid-single-digits on a percentage basis versus last year, supporting new product launches and core brands, in both the U.S. and international markets. Advertising was up about 30% in Q1, supporting the launch of Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis, new advertising campaigns on Hershey's Syrup and PayDay and a longer Easter selling season. We expect advertising to increase mid-single-digits in Q2 and Q3 and then decline in Q4, as we lap the step-up investment that occurred in many markets in last year's fourth quarter.  During 2011, in the U.S., we'll leverage our core competencies and the infrastructure investments we've made in the business over the last couple of years. We would therefore expect a year-over-year percentage increase related to other SM&A expenses to be at a rate lower than sales growth. However, in a few key emerging markets such as China, this investment will be up double-digits on a percentage basis in 2011, as we add selling capabilities in points of distribution and increase the level of sampling and brand support to drive brand awareness and trial in these markets. We'll also continue to advance our IDP work in the U.S.  I'm pleased with the way the confectionery category in Hershey's continue to perform. As we look to the remainder of the year, recall that we do not expect seasonal net price realization until Easter of 2012. Additionally, previously agreed-upon merchandise price points are essentially in place on nonseasonal items well into the third quarter. However, consumers are seeing higher everyday prices on nonmerchandised items. Therefore, we do expect this portion of our business to experience a volume decline over the remainder of the year. In the coming months and quarters, we'll monitor consumer behavior and purchasing patterns and will work with our retail customers to ensure that the implementation of the price increase is supported with customer trade promotion and merchandising that continues to grow the category.  While the category has remained resilient, the health of the U.S. consumer remains fragile. There are many external factors that CPG manufacturers can't control that can impact consumer purchasing power, psyche and sentiment. While we believe pricing and volume elasticity now is a core competency of The Hershey Company, we can't predict future events that may occur and impact our elasticity assumptions. However, we are confident in our merchandising, programming, new products and the quality of our advertising.  Commodity markets remain volatile. However, we have visibility into our cost structure. While we anticipate meaningfully higher input costs in 2011, productivity and cost-savings initiatives are in place. And at this time, we estimate that full year 2011 adjusted gross margin will be about the same as last year. We'll leverage the investments in our brands and go-to-market capabilities that we made over the past few years. As a result, we expect full year 2011 net sales growth, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates and adjusted earnings per share diluted growth to be around the top of the company's long-term 3% to 5% and 6% to 8% objectives. I'll now turn it over to Bert Alfonso, who will provide some additional details on our financial results.
Humberto Alfonso: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. First quarter business results were solid, with consolidated net sales of $1.56 billion, up 11.1% versus the prior year, generating adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.72, up 12.5%. The earnings per share increase was driven by higher net sales, manufacturing efficiencies and SM&A leverage, partially offset by year-over-year increases in commodity costs and advertising spending.  First quarter sales gains were driven primarily by volume. Several factors contributed to the volume gains, which includes strong sales of core brands, driven by our continued investments; successful distribution and launch of new products, including pipeline fill, which contributed about 3 points of growth; a seasonal shift in volume from the fourth quarter of 2010 and to the first quarter of 2011; a longer Easter season enabling us to build on our #1 seasonal share position; and a shipment order patterns by some customers who chose to carry slightly greater levels of inventory that we estimate was about 1.5 point benefit in the quarter. We would expect this Q1 benefit to reverse in Q2. And finally, foreign currency exchange rates were less than 1 point benefit in the quarter.  Turning now to margins. In the first quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 20 basis points, driven by supply chain efficiencies partly related to fixed cost absorption, as volume was greater than year-ago levels, and higher levels of productivity, both normal and incremental, as we discussed at CAGNY. These margin gains are partially offset by significantly higher input costs of about $33 million. Commodity market spot prices have been volatile, and we expect that volatility to continue in the coming months. We now estimate that our year-over-year commodity cost increase will be greater than our initial forecast. Nevertheless, as previously stated, we have visibility into our cost structure, and despite these increases, we expect 2011 adjusted gross margin to be about the same as last year.  Our adjusted gross margin improvement was the primary contributor to growth and adjusted EBIT of 13% or 30 basis points. And as we communicated last quarter, SM&A, excluding advertising, is expected to grow at a rate less than sales in 2011. SM&A x advertising decreased 120 basis points versus last in Q1, offsetting a portion of these gains were higher advertising are about 30%, higher play-related costs and higher legal and other administrative expenses. As we have mentioned, we estimate 2011 advertising expense will increase mid-single-digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Over the remainder of the year, we expect advertising to increase mid-single-digits in Q2 and Q3, and then decline in Q4, as we lap the step-up investment that occurred in late 2010.  Now let me provide an update on our international businesses. On a reported and constant currency basis, our international net sales increased double-digits on a percentage basis versus last year. Growth was especially strong in targeted markets such as Mexico, China and Brazil. We're very excited about our businesses outside of the U.S. and Canada and are on pace to achieve over $1 billion net sales in our international markets by 2015. We continue to make the planned investments and necessary investments in these growth markets during the first quarter of this year.  Moving down to P&L. For the quarter, interest expense increased, coming in at $24.5 million versus $23.7 million last year. In 2011, we expect interest expense to be approximately $95 million to $100 million for the full year. The tax rate for the first quarter was 36.5%, slightly higher than last year due to the timing of certain tax events. Excluding tax rate impacts associated with business realignment and impairment charges, we continue to expect the full year tax rate to be about 35%.  Over the remainder of 2011, the tax rate Q2 will be about the same as Q1 and about 34% in the second half of the year.  In the first quarter of 2011, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 230.2 million versus approximately 229.6 million shares in 2010, leading to adjusted EPS diluted of $0.72.  Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the first quarter, net trading capital decreased versus last year's first quarter by $11 million. Accounts receivable was up $22 million and remains extremely current. The year-over-year increase is a direct result of Easter timing. Inventory increased $54 million due to finished goods increases in anticipation of customer buy-ins resulting from the March 30 price increase, the build of inventory related to our upcoming launch of Hershey's Air Delight and preparation for the gradual move of production into our expanded West Hershey manufacturing facility as part of Next Century. And lastly, accounts payable increased to $87 million.  In terms of other specific cash flow items, total company capital additions, including software, were $82 million in Q1. These amounts included Project Next Century capital expenditures of $24 million. In 2011, we expect ongoing CapEx to be within our previously communicated guidance of $150 million to $160 million, excluding Project Next Century. Capital additions are expected to be an additional $180 million to $190 million for Project Next Century, making our total 2011 CapEx estimate $330 million to $350 million. Note that the total CapEx for Project Next Century remains within our initially communicated range of $250 million to $300 million.  Depreciation and amortization was $51 million in the first quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to Project Next Century of about $6.5 million. Adjusted operating depreciation and amortization was $45 million in the quarter. In 2011, we are forecasting total operating depreciation and amortization of about $165 -- $185 million for the full year.  Dividends paid during the quarter were $77 million. The company repurchased $100 million of outstanding shares remaining on the $250 million repurchase authorization that was approved in December of 2006. Additionally, we repurchased 93 million of our common shares to replace shares issued in connection with exercised stock options. All $193 million of acquired shares were repurchased in the open market.  As noted in this morning's press release, the Board of Directors approved a new $250 million authorization to repurchase shares of common stock. The repurchases may take place from time-to-time, depending on market conditions. This authorization is in addition to the company's policy of repurchasing shares in the open market related to issues in connection with stock option exercises. As we look to the future, our financial position allows us to be flexible in our approach in creating value for all shareholders.  Cash on hand at the end of the first quarter was $752 million, down $132 million versus year end. As it relates to our short-term cash needs, the company is currently well positioned to manage capital needs of the business, as well as higher capital expenditure requirements due to Project Next Century. Our cash flow continues to be strong and will improve as we grow earnings.  Let me now provide an update on the Project Next Century program. I am pleased to confirm that the West Hershey plant expansion remains on track. We expect the new facility to be on the roof by the end of the second quarter of 2011, with the first major equipment deliveries scheduled for third quarter of 2011. We anticipate initial production to start up during the fourth quarter and continue implementation during 2012.  During the first quarter, pretax GAAP charges related to the program totaled $10 million, with the majority related to accelerated depreciation. These charges reduced Q1 earnings per share diluted by $0.02. The forecast for total project pretax GAAP charges and nonrecurring project implementation costs remains at $140 million to $170 million. By 2014, we continue to expect ongoing annual savings to be $60 million to $80 million. Please see the Appendix 1 in today's press release for a detailed summary of Project Next Century by year and by line item.  Now to summarize. In 2011, our goal is to maintain our current marketplace momentum. To do this, we'll continue to invest in our brands and businesses in both the U.S. and international markets. We'll focus our efforts on advertising, which we expect will be up mid-single digits in 2011, as well as consumer insights and brand-building initiatives that should enable the category and Hershey to grow this year and into 2012. Because of the U.S. price increase, we expect volumes to decline over the remainder of the year. In the upcoming months and quarters, we will partner with our retail customers to ensure that the implementation of the price increase is supported with appropriate levels of trade promotion and merchandising.  Despite this decline in volume, we still expect full year 2011 net sales, including the impact of foreign currency exchange to be around the top of the company's long-term 3% to 5% objective. Commodity markets remain volatile. However, we have visibility into our cost structure in 2011. And while we anticipate meaningfully higher input cost this year, productivity and cost-saving initiatives are in place, and we expect full year adjusted gross margins to be about the same as last year.  During 2011, we will leverage our infrastructure investments made over the last few years and expect year-over-year percentage increase related to SM&A expense, excluding advertising, to be at a rate lower than sales growth. As a result, we expect full year 2011 earnings per share diluted growth to be around the top of the company's long-term 6% to 8% objective.  Before we go to Q&A, and as you work your models, note there are many moving parts over the remainder of the year that we discussed this morning. Specifically, prior to the March 30 pricing announcement, we saw a shift in order patterns by some customers who chose to carry slightly higher levels of inventory in Q1. This Q1 benefit to net sales is about 1.5 points and will negatively affect Q2. Due to pricing elasticity beginning in Q2, we expect a higher trade promotion rate to reduce revenue. Per our policy, existing customers can take receipt of up to 8 weeks of inventory of previous price points if delivery occurs by May 20. Due to the aforementioned nuances, we would expect volume in Q2 to be lower a year ago, pressuring adjusted gross and EBIT margins.  While commodity costs remain volatile and will be meaningfully higher in 2011 versus 2010, we expect adjusted gross margins to be about the same as last year. Advertising, which was up 30% in Q1, will be up mid-single-digits in Q2 and Q3, but lower in Q4, with a roughly 85% higher advertising investment in the fourth quarter of 2010 versus 2009. And finally, our Q2 tax rate will be about the same as Q1 and about 34% in the second half of the year, while our full year outlook remains at about 35%. With that out of the way, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, my question has to do with the quarter's results to the extent that you had such stronger top line, certainly well above what we were thinking, and it sounds like it was above even what you were thinking, but there really wasn't that much leverage to the gross margin side of things or even the EBIT margin. I guess, the advertising explains the EBIT side of it. But how do we think about the first quarter performance and the lack of leverage to the gross margin and kind of how that affects the quarterly flow for the rest of this year?
David West: Thanks, Eric. With respect to the first quarter revenue, net sales, up about 11%, we were expecting very high single-digits ourselves. So we're only a few points really above where we would've expected to be. And as I think with both Bert and I have said, some that is inventory that kind of shifted into the first quarter from the second quarter. So we're fairly much in line with what we expected to see, and the growth is basically volume-oriented and it's roughly 1/3 seasonal, 1/3 core and 1/3 new items. So pretty broad-based across the board. We did have materially higher commodity costs in the first quarter, that's going to be the case throughout the rest of the year. And so the adjusted gross margin picture of about flat is -- plus or minus flat is consistent with what we've been saying. So we did not expect to see a whole lot of leverage through the P&L. And the advertising spending as you noted was higher. I think as you go forward, as Bert just pointed out some of the nuances in modeling, you'll see advertising spending more moderate in the second and third quarters, up in the mid-single-digits and then a decline in the fourth. And we would expect to see that cost and gross margin picture kind of maintained. So I think what you see here in the first quarter, a strong first quarter start, although really not that unexpected to us. But then as you look at the rest of the year, given as you'll start to see elasticity kind of moderate and flow into the business a little bit here, that the model is pretty consistent with what we've been telling you all the way along. And I think we're very pleased with the momentum in the business, 6.7% takeaway, FDMxCW for the first quarter, which is an acceleration coming out of the fourth. I think that's the most important thing for us is it's broad-based and we're very pleased with it.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Just wanted to ask about the situation in the convenience store parts of trade. Your performance this quarter was obviously very strong. If I remember rightly, the last time that gas prices spiked up to these kind of levels, spending on nongas items at the C-store was crowded out by those high gas prices. Is this happening again? And if it's not happening this time, do you have any views as to why it's not happening this time?
David West: Yes, I think the real tell in quarter and/or period -- or not the quarter, but the period will be the summer drive season, when you tend to see a lot more driving miles and folks out on the road on vacation. If you'll recall, we're basically almost 3 consecutive years now of share gains. We have Drops and Minis in the king-size format, the Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis launched, which I think will help us create news and continue to merchandise. Overall, traffic still feels reasonably good to us. Our business in the category is up. I mean, we had a great 10-plus percent tax takeaway. But I think if you think about certainly where we are from a confectionery standpoint, the last time you saw this spike, we had much better merchandising and selling capability in the convenience stores. I think we've got better innovation than we did then in terms of -- we were actually pulling back on innovation when that happened. So we look at the Reese's Minis and the Hershey's Drops, as well as our merchandising capability, we think it'll carry us through that period. So we obviously are watching it the same way everybody else is, though the consumer -- really, the consumer period will tell us a lot more is in the summer.
Alexia Howard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens with JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Dave, just in terms of your allocation of capital, clearly, you've got a bigger share repurchase here. But if you look at the numbers, it doesn't get you all that much accretion. So I'm just kind of wondering, obviously 1 of the big issues on Hershey is what you're going to do with that balance sheet firepower. Could you just give us an indication of how you're thinking about that right now?
David West: Yes. Our thought process, Terry, hasn't really changed, it's pretty consistent. We've always talked about 1 of our larger cash needs this year is Project Next Century and the investment that we're making in the new facility here in Hershey, Pennsylvania. So that cash, as well as the inventory build and the capital associated with that, is something that is very short-term that we're dealing with. We did increase the dividend in January. We repurchased $100 million on the old 2006 authorization in the quarter and have paid almost another $100 million with respect to the options replenishments. We do have a bond note that comes due later on in the year that we'll be dealing with as well with respect to the capital structure. And then we've always talked about share buybacks as a lever in our capital structure dialogue as a way of returning cash to shareholders. We did some of that obviously here in the first quarter, if you will reload it to do that going forward. So I don't think we've really changed what we've been saying. And M&A, certainly, bolt-on kind of acquisitions, which we think makes sense for us, as we grow our global footprint, still remains a high priority. So it's all about balance and flexibility, and I think we, certainly in the first quarter, between the dividend increase and the buybacks, have demonstrated that.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Couple of questions on the input costs. I think you called out that your input costs are coming in higher than you initially anticipated. So first, is there any way to quantify how much higher you're looking at your input cost increases this year? And then how much it really hit first quarter, just in terms of the phasing of the input costs on your P&L? And then thirdly, just 1 of the key inputs, peanut costs seem to be soaring here. So if you can give us any color in terms of what you're looking at, as far as the pricing outlook on peanuts is concerned and then how your supply situation is on that commodity?
Humberto Alfonso: Sure. In terms of commodity costs -- and you're right, we mentioned that they're a little bit higher than we anticipated when we would have been on the fourth quarter call. In the first quarter -- I mentioned higher commodities was about $33 million. And in terms of the impact, we had pretty good productivity against those and because it was a high-volume quarter, we also had an absorption benefit, which as Dave mentioned, we're a little bit higher on volume in the quarter. Most of it really, the 1.5 points that we talked about, on slightly higher inventories, but we expected high volume. And so there was a pretty big offset, I would say, from the volume and the productivity programs against those commodity cost increases. Going forward, we'll see a little bit more impact, I think, as volume comes off a bit, even a little bit as it relates to the price increase. And commodities have continued to rise a little bit more. Dairy, in particular is one that we've seen increases in the first quarter. So while we don't provide a specific number in terms of guidance around the total increase, I would tell you that commodities were up in the first quarter, pretty much a lot of it muted by the higher volumes and the productivity program, and then it will be a little bit less so going forward to some degree because of the lower elasticity on volume that we're anticipating after the price increase. Your question on peanuts. You're right, peanuts are very high. For us, I think that's more of a future issue versus a current year issue.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just had a question for you, in relation to the price realization that you're going to start to see, I guess, really kind of in the third quarter, I guess, I just wanted to get a better sense if we could as to like, is it percentage of customers that bought forward? Or I guess, I started modeling some pricing kind of midway through the third quarter. Is that a realistic assumption the way you see it today, especially on the instant consumable-type products?
David West: You get no seasonal price realization at all. So if you think about the second half of the year, the size of the Halloween and the holiday seasonal business, and even into Valentine's of early next year, you don't get price realization on that portion of our portfolio until Easter of next year. You will see the shelf price on instant consumables has moved up fairly quickly. It usually does move fairly quickly. And you'll start to see elasticity effects on the stuff that's moving at regular price on the shelf on the instant consumable part of the business already. And then really, on promoted, everyday promoted business, for the most part, as you work through with the customers, we've already programmed out through, let's call it, September. So roughly that timeframe. And so we'll honor the previous promoted prices and the programming at the previous promoted prices for the most part. So really, I think you're thinking about it correctly that you would start to see some realization maybe a little bit on the instant consumable part of the business right away, but not really until you get out into that September, October timeframe. So it really is a -- the second quarter is largely a volume-driven quarter as well here.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So you have to get past -- I guess, there would be some price realization in certain weeks or periods where you do not promote. But other than that, it's really Q4 then when that really starts to come through in instant consumables, correct?
David West: Well, you'll start to see some of it now. But for the most part, because of the way the category works with the seasonal business and the way we plan it out because of the merchandising intensity of the category, it takes us a while to get the price increase through. And that's why we continue to say it's really a 2012 event for us, in terms of the realization of this. The bit of realization that we get in 2011 really offsets some of those kind of secondary inputs that we can't hedge forward on, where we're seeing some price inflation on those, certainly in the last 3 to 6 months. And so those 2 things kind of offset each other.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Just a quick clarification, if I may. I think you said earlier that you'd expect volume to be down year-over-year for the remainder of the year. Was that just on the piece of the business that you just spoke of, like instant consumable piece of it? But overall, your seasonal business obviously doesn't get impacted by the pricing until next year. So I assume on that piece, which is a very large piece, do you still expect reasonably strong volume through the year? Maybe a little help on clarifying that.
David West: Yes, I think if you look at the first quarter -- let me make sure of that to be clear. The first quarter volume increases was up double-digits, so we won't expect to see double-digit volume the rest of the year. You will -- the seasonal business in the back half of the year is again, doesn't really get affected. So you're right, we would expect to see year-over-year volume growth in the seasonal part of the business, and then you'll start to see everyday instant consumables tail off in terms of volumes fairly quickly because that's already been priced. And then you don't see the rest of the everyday part of the portfolio really start to get impacted until you get out into the latter part of the year, September on. So overall, you're right, there's a blending of volume across those pieces of the portfolio.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay. And your elasticity assumptions, like relative to '08, I guess, is there any reason to think they'll be meaningfully different in one way or another? Or just based on, I don't know, different consumer environment or anything else you're seeing or generally you think about it the same way?
David West: Actually, they may wind up -- we actually do it by brand, by pack, by class-of-trade on some level in terms of the way we think about elasticity. So they will be -- if they're actually the same as '08, it'll just be dumb luck. There's so many things that are different versus the last time we did this. Our brand strength is much greater than it was, if you think about the advertising that we put in the business since then. I think our retail sales force is much more effective at selling and merchandising, so that's a strength. I think the chances are that as you take this kind of new increase, you might cross a decile [ph] here or there that you didn't the last time is another factor that's put in there. I think the biggest factor for us is just consumer sentiment and the fact that the inflationary environment is broad-based across a number of categories. And so I do think that -- I think you'll see -- I think that's why it's going to be much more important to think about and watch carefully what's happening in other categories and the size of the basket, and especially fuel as a part of it as well. I mean, we talk about core inflation, but the average consumer out there for our product in the mainstream part of the portfolio is feeling food and fuel pretty significantly, and we'll watch it carefully. But I think it will be different. And remember, the last time we did the price increase, it was a fall price increase, this is a spring price increase. So the seasonal impacts are a little different, too.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Great. Now that's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a follow-up on the phasing to really make sure I understand this correctly. In the second quarter, you're going to expect revenues to decline because you'll have some of the seasonal impact on volumes plus there's trade promotions. Gross margins will also, I guess, decline year-on-year because you won't have as much -- because of the increased trade promotions. So I guess, if I'm hearing that correctly, earnings could actually be down year-on-year in the second quarter but then up in the fourth quarter more because you're going to spend less on advertising. Is that, at least, directionally the right way to think about it, kind of shifting from 2Q to 4Q?
David West: I think if you think about Q2, 1 of the big factors, obviously, is as you see a little bit more trade promotion in Q2, as we spend on a rate basis, as we spend back to honor some of the previously agreed-to promotional price points. You'll also remember, we had 1.5 point of volume that kind of came out in Q2 and wound up in Q1. So Q2 will be somewhat pressured. But also remember Q2 is largely instant consumable quarter and therefore, it's a reasonably good quarter for us and we have decent momentum. But Q2 will bear some pressure here because of those factors. And then when you get out in Q4, obviously, we had a huge move in our investment in the fourth quarter last year. And so I think you're right, when you get down into the SM&A, you get a lot more leverage in the fourth quarter coming up. But I think you're thinking about the parts right in terms of what's moving around. I think we had a good Q2 a year ago. I think we were up a little bit over 5% on a net sales basis, so there's some moving parts off of that. And remember, we have Drops and Minis and some other things that are in the numbers. But overall, I think you got it right.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: I just wanted to talk a little bit about consumption because you had a plus 7 or so number there, multichannel takeaway. It looks like your base trends are fantastic. So I mean, there's a lot of noise here around the volume and the pricing. But from a consumption standpoint, from an innovation standpoint, it really does look like the bed is made for strong takeaway trends all year. How are you thinking about that? Are you really, in effect, trying to play conservative as you think about repeat levels, see how these products play out all year, as you think about gas prices and the C-store channel? How are you thinking about ongoing consumptions? Thanks.
David West: Yes, a good question. I think 1 of the things you do have to remember is the second half of the year seasonally, it's got a Halloween and holiday in it, and we wouldn't expect to ship -- our takeaway in the first quarter, FDMxCW, 6.7%. We wouldn't expect to ship 6% to 7% more holiday and Halloween into the retail customers in the back half of the year. So there's a natural moderation because of the seasonal component of the business in the back half. That said, we're very pleased with the programming, the strength of the business. We were up 6.2% takeaway all-in in those FDMxCW [ph] channels in the fourth quarter that accelerated to 6.7%. It's broad-based, it's base brand, it's new product. Some of it, international. So we feel good about the business. That said, it's a difficult environment for the consumer. It's a very inflationary environment. And we haven't sold, case one, really at a new price point yet. So I think we need to be prudent about how we think about the year. And with that seasonal mix coming in, there'll be a natural moderation to that top line trend.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, thank you very much.
David West: Thank you.
Operator: Comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: The last question has obviously been asked about the pricing. So instead of that, the new product innovation, can you talk about your successes right now? What are you seeing in the new products, the Drops? Also, you obviously increased your advertising behind PayDay, you didn't say anything about that. Just can you take it to some of the new products and what you're seeing in terms of success and if you're getting a payback on some of your advertising spend besides Hershey's Syrup?
David West: I'll let J.P. Bilbrey take that one.
John Bilbrey: Yes, we feel good about the progress that we're making on both Drops and Minis. And 1 of the measures that we look at is as we take some of our previous introductions -- and I'll use Pieces as an example, we're able to get these 2 launches into distribution faster, so the distribution build has been faster. And then the other thing that we're very pleased about is the takeaway and the repeat is also meeting and exceeding our expectations. So we feel like we're off to a really good start on both of those. Let me just follow-up on your PayDay question as well. As you look at the increased advertising, it was in Q1. Part of the reflection of that is some things that we added in terms of additional brands that would have been in the previous quarter. PayDay was certainly 1 of those. And so PayDay, Almond Joy, Mounds, all of those brands are responding very nicely to the advertising that we've added. And then we also feel good about the upcoming Air Delight introduction that we have in June. Retailers have responded very positively to that. We feel good about the programming that's in place. And that's also a new format for us, as well as the category. And so we're optimistic there as well.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And what white space does that kind of, the new product, the Air Delight, actually fill for you guys that you're thinking that you don't have?
John Bilbrey: Well, there's really 2 places for it. It'll be available in Kisses, so it's an innovation on Kisses. And if you remember in Kisses, we've been working on really rebalancing and rationalizing our portfolio there. We've been investing in advertising in Kisses, and we really haven't had an innovation like that. So Air Delight will be a new variant on Kisses that we're optimistic there. And then in the instant consumable space, with Air Delight, it gives consumers another way to enjoy the Hershey brand in a total different taste and mouth texture profile. So we think the positioning of that will be unique enough that we're again optimistic. And you recall, 1 of the things that we talked about is our discipline around innovation. And so we feel very good about the time and consumer inside work that we're doing on these. And so while we may have fewer innovations, they are bigger and better and more sustainable than we've had in the past. And that's certainly coming through with Minis and Drops.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Thank you. I wanted to ask about the IDP program. It's been a huge success in drug, up 14% in the quarter. And I think what your plan is, is to start marketing that strategy to food stores. When do you start doing that? And when can we start seeing the benefits of that? Thanks.
John Bilbrey: Well, you probably see most of the benefit for us more as we move to 2012 and 2013. We've done some early work with several of our retail partners, which is yielding some really good results. Drug was certainly 1 of the places where we went and really changed the dialogue with our customers in drug, around how we try to look more at a consumer-centric approach and really working with them on shopper insights. And so the combination of really being able to take our consumer data, their shopper insights has enabled us to have a different type of dialogue. And I would describe that part of our relationship historically has been more transactional in nature, and what's really changed now is it's more long-term collaborative business planning over several years. So as we make substantial investments in their shoppers, our consumers, it just really enables us to look at the total story differently than the role of our category within the store. It's really been a positive thing for us and the successes that we've had, we need to roll out. This also probably will be focused for us on, call it, a handful of customers, as we go forward because part of it is you have to be able to have the commitment on the retailers side and the resources to go up against it. But early indications are that this is a real step forward for our company.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: John, do you have kind of commitments from a handful of customers now to kind of start collecting the data?
John Bilbrey: Yes, we do. We're well on our way in being able to integrate retailer data with our data. And also working in some instances with syndicated data and third parties to build some unique systems that allow us to look at the business differently than we had before. And this is really in the interest of the industry to be able to find ways to take this data and mine it in a much deeper way than we had before. So at any rate, it takes time, it's a long-term commitment, where we've been able to work with some of our most sophisticated retailers. They're as excited about it as we are, so I think this is a great opportunity. We've talked a lot about being more brand- and consumer-centric, and this is essentially central to us, being able to deliver against that.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Maybe on last question on the pricing. Could you talk a little bit to the extent that you are aware, the competitive activity? Or has your large competitor matched your efforts or anything you're for the channel?
David West: I think our pricing model is specific to what we want to do on our portfolio. The line pricing nature of the category, I think, that on some level is going to take place and has started to take place. I think the retailers, generally once they see it, anyone in the category move, they generally move up. So I think you've seen the retailers start that initiative. We feel good about what we've done for our business. Remember, our business has a larger seasonal component than probably anybody else has in the category, as we're the share leader there. So I think what we've done is specific to what we wanted to do for our business. And I think overall, across the category, prices are kind of moving up, but not everybody is doing the same thing. But we're happy with what we've done.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erin Lash with Morningstar.
Erin Lash - Morningstar Inc.: I was hoping you could talk about -- well, provide some additional details about the recent announcement that you're leveraging your relationship with Walmart over in the U.K. And whether there are additional opportunities to expand that further globally?
David West: Yes, we have some product in Asda that we launched in the Asda stores. Walmart has a program, a global brand program. We've also been in several other markets or will be in several other markets with them in South America and in Asia. I think it's not appropriate for me to comment on what Walmart's potential plans are in the future. What I would tell you is as part of their global brand initiative, it's very opportunistic for us to play with them as they go into markets and have strength in some new core markets for us. We're very pleased with how it's gone. I think what it really shows from our standpoint is how flexible we would like to be and can be. It's very small to us. It's not material, but I think it's more important for us to demonstrate that our brands can play in a number of markets around the world and that we're flexible enough to make it work. And we're happy with the relationship with Walmart.
Erin Lash - Morningstar Inc.: Okay thank you very much. That's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment and Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Just a couple of odds and ends that I was hoping to kind of plug into my model, of which you guys have already said. You talked a lot about the quarterly shift from 2Q '11 to 1Q '11. But you didn't mention the fact that, I believe, there was a 4Q '10 shift into 1Q. How much was that shift? And then pricing also in the quarter, I think that was roughly 0. Can you confirm that? To J.P. on Reese's Minis, is it too aggressive to think that this is going to be a $100 million product this year? And then final question, ad spending is up 5%, but there's been a ton of shifting in the medium mix model. And so I'm thinking that GRPs are going to be up significantly more than that. Can you just comment on that? Thank you.
David West: You rattled us up, David. I'm not sure -- I hope somebody here in the room is writing it down. Let me try. Yes, there was a little bit of -- if you remember, a little bit of seasonal shift out of Q4 into Q1. Order patterns were different and Easter was a little later. So when we talked about seasonal volume being up roughly 1/3 of our volume growth, that's embedded in that number already. So a couple of points probably out of fourth quarter into first, which is consistent with what we would've expected. I'll answer for J.P. He's not going to tell you how big he thinks the Reese's Minis business can be. What he has already said is just how strong we're off to good start and how consumers are responding to it and it is exceeding our initial expectations. And so I think -- and with respect to the advertising, we probably had a little bit more advertising on air in the early part of the year than we might have initially anticipated. And I think some of that was opportunistic around the new brand, and they are responding. We do expect to be more efficient with our advertising with respect to GRP delivery. So while we're talking about this -- when we talk about the mid-single-digits, we're talking about the spend, dollar spend. We would expect to be much more efficient, and our focus here is to do a tremendous job over the last 2 or 3 years of really getting much higher weight, in terms of GRP increases versus where we would expect on the dollar spend that we've gotten. So you are correct in assuming that while we may be spending mid-single-digits on an overall dollar basis, it is much higher from a GRP standpoint.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Actually helpful. The only piece that I was also wanting to know, was pricing in the quarter roughly 0? Was it roughly flat?
David West: Yes, it's pretty much flat. I mean, we had a little bit higher trade promotion rate, a small amount. And that's largely a mix factor with the new products coming in and then with Easter later, a much larger portion of seasonal sales in the quarter than the prior year that tends to be on a higher promotional rate. So if you think about it, trade promotion was a little higher on a rate-rate [ph] basis, but it was mostly mix.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: And did you mention any timing related to the $250 million authorization?
David West: No, we did not.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Can you?
David West: No, we typically don't. We said that we'd be in the market from time-to-time, and that's what we agreed with the board. But we haven't put any definitive timeline on it.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Thank you.
David West: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks again for the follow-up. Just a quick question in terms of what you're doing now to accommodate retailers in terms of helping them absorb this price increase. I guess, it sounds like you're allowing retailers to buy in a little bit more ahead of time. You're also going to promote a little bit more to help ease the consumer into it. I guess, what I'm trying to get it is or try to understand is just are you doing more -- or what are you doing differently to help accommodate retailers to get this pricing through onto the shelf now maybe than what you're doing in 2008? Are you having to do things differently or accommodate more in order to get the price increase through?
David West: Actually, I wouldn't say we're doing anything differently than we did in 2008. And certainly, we're not promoting more to be clear. But what we are doing is honoring the promotions that we already had in place. And therefore, we'll probably spend a little bit more promotional dollars to make sure that we get to the price points that we had already agreed on with retailers. I mean, each retailer is unique, so we have a different program with them all. And so we would go back now and say, "At higher-priced goods, we want to run the same promotions." So it's not more promotional activity, it's just keeping the promotional activity there, which by the very nature of it will ease the consumer into it because they'll start to see everyday prices higher, but they'll still also be able to ease their way in because they'll still be able to get promoted volumes at a price they're used to. So I think we're not really doing anything really differently. And then we offered an 8-week buy-in, if you will. That's pretty standard. We've done that historically over the years. And that's pretty consistent with our past practices. So nothing new there in terms of what we were doing. And I wanted to follow up on a question. I think, it might have been Rob Moskow might've asked it. I don't know who asked it. Or it might have been yours, Bryan. With respect to the second quarter, we don't want to imply that second quarter volume is going to be down. We're up against a 5% comp a year ago and we'll have a little bit more promotional activity and a little bit of elasticity on the instant consumable part of the business. But I don't want anybody to be walking around thinking that the second quarter is going to be down. That's not -- I mean, we may have misspoken and implied that. I just wanted to clean that up a little.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you, David.
David West: Okay, Bryan. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Presenters, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark Pogharian: Yes, we thank you for joining us for today's conference call. And Matt Miller and myself will be available for any follow-up questions that you may have. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Humberto Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President David West - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and President of North American Commercial Group Mark Pogharian - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC John Baumgartner  Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Todd Duvick - Bank of America Corporation Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kelly, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2010 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Mark Pogharian to begin.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2010 Conference Call. Dave West, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I, will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2009 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website, www.thehersheycompany.com, in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the Notes section of the press release, we have provided adjusted or pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we've said within the note, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss fourth quarter 2010 results, excluding net pretax charges. 2010 charges relate to the Project Next Century program, while the 2009 charges are associated with the Global Supply Chain Transformation. These pretax charges were $7.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2010, and $26.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges.  With that out of the way, let me now turn the call over to Dave West.
David West: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Hershey's strong fourth quarter financial and marketplace results represent a solid end to the year. We exited 2010 with good momentum and have plans in place that we believe will benefit the category and Hershey in 2011. As has been the case all year, the CMG category, and that's candy, mint and gum, outpaced other snack alternatives. Despite lingering macroeconomic challenges and fragile consumer confidence, for the full year 2010, CMG category growth in channels measured by syndicated data increased 3.4%, solidly eclipsing salty snacks, cookies, crackers and bakery snacks, none of which posted growth greater than 2%. Overall, the confectionery category continues to grow, driven by a balance of investment in the category in the form of both advertising and innovation by most major manufacturers. The CMG category historically grows at an annual rate of 3% to 4%, and we would expect the same in 2011. Hershey's marketplace performance accelerated and sequentially improved from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. I'm pleased with our fourth quarter and full year financial and marketplace results. For the full year 2010, organic net sales increased 6.1%, driven primarily by volume and a couple of points of net price realization, which occurred largely in the first quarter of the year. Including the benefit of favorable foreign currency exchange rates, net sales for the year increased 7% with gross and EBIT margin expanding meaningfully and our balance sheet and cash flow very strong. We built on the progress and momentum from last year, and we look forward to, again, delivering on our financial targets. In terms of Hershey's marketplace performance for the period ending January 1, 2011, per our custom database and channels that account for over 80% of our Retail business, total Hershey CMG retail consumer takeaway was up a strong 6.2% for the latest 12 weeks and 5.3% for the full year, driven primarily by volume. As a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass, including Wal-Mart, and convenience stores. Within food, drug, mass and convenience, or FDMxC, here excluding Wal-Mart, the CMG category also continues to grow. For the 12 and 52 weeks ending January 1, 2011, the CMG category and FDMxC increased 3.7% and 3.4%, respectively, for the 12 and 52-week periods. Hershey's FDMxC retail takeaway for the first quarter and full year was 5.5% and 4.5%, respectively. As a result, our market share increased by 0.5 points in the fourth quarter and 0.3 points for the full year 2010. As we look to 2011, we would expect historical growth rates to prevail in the category. We're pleased with our marketplace performance in all classes of trade. Market share improvement in almost all of our measured channels drove overall success. The commitment and experience of our customer marketing and sales teams continues to be a valuable asset.  For the full year 2010, in the food class-of-trade, the category grew 5.3%. Hershey retail takeaway for the year was up 5.2%, and our share was therefore flat.  Fourth quarter class-of-trade CMG category growth in food was 4.4%. A portion of this growth was driven by the timing of other major manufacturers’ innovation, with launch merchandising concentrated in this channel. Hershey's food class-of-trade retail takeaway in the fourth quarter was up about 3.4%, yet this resulted in a slight market share decline of 0.3 points in food in the quarter. Note that in December, we launched Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis. Retailers are excited about these products and will reach our ACV distribution targets as we exit the first quarter. Dedicated Hershey's Drops, as well as Reese's Minis advertising, is now on air and should generate consumer excitement and solid retail takeaway in the coming months.  By segment, Hershey Q4 food class-of-trade chocolate takeaway was up 4.1%, again, a bit lower than the category. Our non-chocolate food takeaway declined, as we lapped the initial Twizzlers brand investment that started last year. For the overall Halloween and holiday seasons, as expected in Q4, total combined seasonal category retail sales were up slightly. Specifically, Hershey Halloween retail takeaway dollar growth was up 3.6%. Hershey FDMx Halloween performance was solid, and we gained 1.7 market share points in Halloween. Hershey's FDMx holiday sell-through was essentially on target, and our retail takeaway was up slightly. As a reminder, Hershey is the leading holiday manufacturer with a 24 point share of the market, about eight share points greater than the next largest competitor. Better-than-expected performance from the Gifting sub-segment drove total holiday category sales growth of 4.1%. Turning now to the C-store class-of-trade, where Hershey continues to leverage its outstanding customer relationships and industry-leading in-store sales force. Here, Hershey C-store takeaway was up again in Q4 and has now increased for 11 consecutive quarters. Specifically, for the 12 and 52 weeks ended December 25, 2010, Hershey retail takeaway was up 6.8% and 5%, respectively, resulting in a market share gain of 0.7 points in the quarter and 0.6 points for the year.  In Q4, Hershey C-store chocolate and non-chocolate takeaway was up 7.8% and 9.6%, respectively. These gains were driven by core brand advertising, in-store selling and merchandising and solid programming, including an NCAA football tie-in, a co-promotion with Coca-Cola and a Pre-Priced Standard Bar program. In the drug class-of-trade, we made very good progress in 2010. Our initial IDP, or Insights Driven Performance efforts, were concentrated on this channel, and we made good progress with key customers to jointly identify the areas to improve overall drug channel shopability, driving both category and Hershey growth. As a result, in Q4, drug category growth was 3.8%, with Hershey retail takeaway up 9.4% for a 1.2 point market share gain in drug. As we look to 2011, we have many exciting products, promotions, programs and merchandising in place across all channels, including various NCAA basketball and football promotions, our Hershey's Miniatures promotion focused on the NFL Pro Football Hall of Fame, where the winner will be deemed the First Family of Football and be honored at the Hall of Fame Game. We'll have the sponsorship for the upcoming Green Lantern movie, a Twizzler Summer Landmark program for family trips to an American landmark of their choice, and the continued rollout of Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis, as well as other upcoming new products, which have yet to be announced. Additionally, full year advertising expense for the total company will increase mid-single-digits on a percentage basis versus last year, supporting new product launches and core brands in both the U.S. and international markets. We remain confident in our core U.S. business, and advertising will be up in the U.S. again in 2011. The consumer-centric approach to brand activation that has worked in the U.S. is being rolled out globally, and it's working. In certain international markets, we are gaining momentum and expect it to continue in 2011, as advertising in these focus markets will increase double digits on a percentage basis, albeit off of a much smaller base. During 2011 in the U.S., we'll leverage our core competencies and the infrastructure investments we made in the business from 2008 to 2010. As such, we would expect the year-over-year percentage increase related to other SM&A expenses to be at a rate lower than sales growth. However, in a few key emerging markets, for example, China, this investment will be up double digits on a percentage basis in 2011, as we add selling capabilities and points of distribution and increase the level of sampling and brand support to drive brand awareness and trial. We'll also continue to advance our IDP work in the U.S.  Bert will get into the specifics on our balance sheet and cash flow. But obviously, I'm very pleased with our financial position and our ability to, again, generate operating cash flow of about $900 million. Our cash position and debt metrics allow us to continue our approach to disciplined global expansion, including organic investments, and the opportunity to explore other strategic opportunities. I'm also happy to announce that we increased our dividend about 8%. As we look to the future, our financial position allows us to be flexible in our approach to creating value for all Hershey shareholders. To wrap up my section, I'm pleased with the way the confectionery category and Hershey continue to perform. We have a solid position in the marketplace, and we're responding to retail customer needs to drive overall category growth despite macroeconomic challenges. Our solid results and customer-centric approach to growth is evidence that our strategy is working. We'll continue to build on this in 2011 to grow in both measured and non-measured outlets. We have a solid plan in 2011, and expect to drive top line volume growth by a combination of market share gains, strong innovation, including Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis, and other yet-to-be-announced new products that we hope to share with you at CAGNY, as well as by continued faster pace growth in emerging markets.  We also believe 2011 will get off to a fast start, as we achieve ACV distribution targets related to the rollout of new products in Q1. And as a seasonal share leader, Hershey should also benefit from a longer Easter selling season. And as we stated in October, Q1 will benefit from the shifting of 2011 Easter and Valentines seasonal orders out of the fourth quarter of 2010 into the first quarter of 2011, as we continue the refinement of customer logistical requirements. Commodity markets remain volatile. However, we have visibility into our cost structure. While we anticipate meaningfully higher input costs in 2011, productivity and cost savings initiatives are in place. And at this time, we estimate that full year 2011 adjusted gross margin will be about the same as last year.  We'll leverage the investments in our brands and go-to market capabilities we made over the past few years. As a result, we expect full year 2011 net sales and adjusted earnings per share-diluted growth to be around the top of the company's long term, 3% to 5% and 6% to 8% objectives.  I'll now turn it over to Bert Alfonso who will provide some additional detail on our financial results.
Humberto Alfonso: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Net sales and adjusted earnings per share-diluted from operations for the full year 2010 exceeded the initial ranges we communicated at the beginning of last year. Solid combined efforts from sales, marketing and finance resulted in good execution of retail and another year of market share gains. Overall, we're pleased with our financial results and marketplace performance in the U.S., as well as the progress we've made in international markets.  Fourth quarter consolidated net sales of $1.483 billion increased 5.4% versus the prior year. Our strong top line results allowed us to be flexible in our approach to category and brand building investments throughout 2010 and especially in the fourth quarter. As a result, Q4 adjusted earnings per share-diluted was $0.61, a decline of 3% versus last year, reflecting significant investments in brands and capabilities in key markets. For the full year, net sales increased 7% or 6.1% on a constant-currency basis, and profitability improved significantly, resulting in adjusted earnings per share-diluted from operations of $2.55, an increase of 17.5% versus the prior year.  Fourth quarter sales gains were driven primarily by volume increases in both U.S. and international markets. In addition, lower levels of customer returns, discounts and markdown allowances in the U.S, as well as the benefit of pricing in the U.S., Canada and Mexico, generated net price realization of 1.6 points, while favorable foreign currency exchange rates contributed approximately 0.5 points.  Dave provided details related to our marketplace performance, so I'll now focus on a review of the P&L and balance sheet, beginning with gross margin. During the fourth quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 150 basis points, primarily due to improved net price realization, lower levels of obsolescence driven by solid seasonal performance and targeted retail sell-through and favorable net supply chain efficiencies including increased productivity. These margin gains were partially offset by higher input costs of about 160 basis points, primarily reflecting total consolidated cost increases in raw materials and packaging. Recall that we're lapping favorable fourth quarter 2009 LIFO of about 100 basis points. In 2010, the LIFO impact was not significant.  For the full year 2010, adjusted gross margin was 42.8% versus 38.9% in 2009, up 390 basis points, driven primarily by improved net price realization, supply chain efficiencies and lower levels of obsolescence. These margin gains were partially offset by higher input costs of approximately 90 basis points. Fourth quarter adjusted EBIT margin of 15.9% decreased 110 basis points versus the prior year. This was driven primarily by advertising increases of about 85% in the quarter, higher expenses for our Insights Driven Performance initiative, greater levels of consumer promotion and market research and increased investment in selling and distribution capabilities in key international markets. Also recall that fourth quarter 2009 included deal costs related to M&A of about 110 basis points.  Adjusted EBIT for the year increased 16.6% with adjusted EBIT margin of 150 basis points to 17.7% from 16.2%. The increase was driven by higher gross margin, substantially offset by increased advertising and selling expenses. For the year, advertising increased 62% to $391 million.  Now let me provide a brief update on our International businesses. Meaningful sales growth occurred during the fourth quarter in many of our international markets. Overall, including Canada, international fourth quarter net sales increased to mid-teens on a percentage basis versus the prior year and higher in emerging markets. As we continue our disciplined rollout and distribution of Hershey's and our Hershey's Kisses brands, we're gaining consumer awareness, trial and, most importantly, repeat purchases. We are committed to growing Our International businesses and are making the required investments. We've made good progress in our focused markets in 2010, and we'll build on that momentum in 2011. As we look to next year, we will continue investing in these strategic markets to increase our brand awareness and further develop go-to-market capabilities.  For the fourth quarter, interest expense increased, coming in at $28 million versus $22 million for the prior period. For the year, interest expense was $96 million versus $90 million a year ago. In December, the company announced that it had commenced the cash tender offer to repurchase any and all of its $150 million outstanding 6.95% notes due in 2012. Subsequently, we issued $350 million of 4.125% notes due in 2020. The company used a portion of the proceeds to redeem $58 million of notes related to $150 million tender offer. The remaining funds will be used for general corporate purposes, including increased levels of capital expenditures related to Project Next Century. As a result of these transactions, both fourth quarter and full year interest expense was about $6 million greater than our previous estimate.  The adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 32.6%, down 100 basis points versus year ago. For the full year, the tax rate was 35.2%, down 30 basis points versus year ago and within the range of our previous estimate. For the full year 2011, we expect effective income tax rate to remain about 35.2%, excluding the tax impact of business realignment and impairment charges during the year. In the fourth quarter of 2010, weighted average shares outstanding, on a diluted basis, were approximately 231 million versus 230 million shares in 2009, leading to adjusted EPS diluted of $0.61 per share from operations, down 3.2% versus year ago. For the year, shares outstanding were approximately 230 million versus approximately 229 million shares in 2009, and adjusted EPS diluted for the full year was $2.55, up 17.5%. Now turning to the balance sheet and to cash flow. At the end of the year, net trading capital decreased versus last year, resulting in a cash flow benefit of $129 million. Accounts receivable were down $20 million and remain extremely current and of high quality. Inventory increased by $14 million and accounts payable increased by $123 million. We'll note that approximately 1/4 of the 2010 working capital improvement was the result of year-end accounts payable related to the timing of capital expenditures including a portion related to Project Next Century. As a result, we would not expect this level of improvement in 2011.  In terms of other specific cash flow items, total company capital additions, including software, were $78 million in Q4 and $201 million for the full year. These amounts including Project Next Century, capitals expenditures of $15 million for Q4 and $34 million for the full year. Hence, the ongoing or normalized CapEx for the year, excluding Project Next Century, was approximately $17 million greater than our previous estimate. This was due to capacity expansion of certain core brand that are experiencing higher sales volumes than initially expected and greater-than- anticipated repairs and maintenance capital.  In 2011, we expect ongoing CapEx to be $150 million to $160 million, excluding Project Next Century, an additional $180 million to $190 million of CapEx will be invested in Project Next Century, making our total 2011 CapEx estimate $330 million to $350 million. This is higher than our previous estimate for 2011, although the total CapEx for Project Next Century remains within the initial communicated range of $250 million to $300 million.  Depreciation and amortization of $51 million in the quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to Project Next Century of approximately $6 million. Adjusted operating depreciation amortization was $45 million in the quarter. For the full year 2010, depreciation and amortization expense was $197 million, of which accelerated depreciation and amortization was $12 million. Therefore, adjusted operating depreciation and amortization was $185 million.  In 2011, we are forecasting total adjusted operating depreciation and amortization of about $175 million to $185 million. Dividends paid during the quarter was $71 million, bringing the full year to $283 million. For the fourth quarter and the full year, we repurchased approximately $36 million and $169 million, respectively, related to shares issued in connection with stock option exercises. We did not acquire any stock in the fourth quarter related to the current repurchase program and $100 million remains outstanding on that authorization.  Cash on hand at year-end was $885 million, up $631 million versus a year ago, driven by our solid operating results, working capital gains and the already mentioned $350 million bond issuance. As we exit 2010, we are well positioned to manage capital needs of the business, including higher capital expenditure requirements for Project Next Century. As it relates to our capital structure, we exited 2010 with a net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of less than one and our long-term debt is at attractive fixed-rates. Our cash flow continues to be strong. As it relates to our short-term cash needs, the company is currently well positioned. Now let me provide an update on Project Next Century. I am pleased to report that the West Hershey plant expansion is on track. Facility construction work continues and all major equipment is on order with delivery schedules for the third quarter of 2011. We anticipate initial production line start-up during the fourth quarter of 2011, and continued rollout and implementation throughout 2012. During the fourth quarter, pretax charges related to the program were totaled approximately $8 million, consisting mostly of accelerated depreciation. For 2010, pretax GAAP charges related to the program totaled approximately $54 million. These charges reduced our 2010 reported earnings per share-diluted by $0.14. The forecast for total project pretax GAAP charges and non-recurring project implementation costs remains at $140 million to $170 million. By 2014, we continue to expect ongoing annual savings to be approximately $60 million to $80 million. You can please see Appendix 1 in today's press release for a detailed summary of Project Next Century by year and by line item. Let me close by providing some context on our 2011 outlook. As Dave outlined, we have initiatives in place that we believe will drive net sales growth in 2011. Our businesses have responded to these investments, and we've made and while we expect SM&A to be higher in 2011 driven by brand support, it will not increase at the rates seen in the last few years.  The CMG category continues to grow and as the leader in the U.S. confections, we take an objective and independent approach to category management and believe we have plans in place to grow our business and the category. In addition, in emerging markets, where we have concentrated our efforts, we see net sales growth accelerating.  Currently, we have visibility into 2011 input cost basket, despite continued market volatility in commodities. And while we anticipate meaningful input cost increases in 2011, productivity and cost savings initiatives are in place, and we currently estimate that full year 2011 adjusted gross margin will be about the same as last year.  We estimate that advertising will increase mid-single-digits, on a percentage basis, versus last year, supporting new product launches and core brands in both the U.S. and international markets. Therefore, we expect full year 2011 net sales and adjusted earnings per share-diluted growth to be around the top of the company's long-term 3% to 5% and 6% to 8% objectives.  We will now open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jonathan Feeney of Janney.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: The first is, I'm a little surprised on the volume, particularly considering the magnitude and sort of excitement around the Minis and the Drops. Why -- can you tell us sort of where we stand in sort of filling the channel with that, getting that out to customers and why maybe that wasn't more of a factor in terms of volume on the quarter?
David West: Yes, I think if you'll recall, we had the Pieces launch in December of the prior year in 2009. And so Minis and Drops, while we expect them to probably be bigger and perform better, they lapped on top of that. And so we really haven't done a lot with respect to display, yet it really is just getting it out into the channel. So not a lot of activity out there other than just getting it out to retail. So you've seen it on front ends. It's in the early stages in the fourth quarter numbers that you saw, and you'll really start to see it ramp up in the first quarter here, as we build the ACV out on the shelf. So we would expect it to build, but again, remember, it is lapping against the Pieces launch from the prior year.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I'm sorry if you said this before, but what would be a benchmark target for what would be a good market share for these products, like you say to your internal team, “Well, it's a success if get X market share with these?”
David West: We haven't said it, although I guess what I just said is I expect...
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: That was a trick question, I'm sorry.
David West: I know. That's all right. What I did just say is we expect it to be a bigger launch than something, for example, like last year, where we launched Pieces. Because we think that the Reese's and the Hershey's equities are -- they just have a broader appeal than on the Pieces launch, where we are talking about York or Almond Joy, for example. So we expect them to be bigger. They'll get better trial because the consumers know the brands. We have dedicated advertising support on-air. So I'd rather not really talk about specific. I think the biggest thing for us on these is we view as these are sustainable. They're going to be in our portfolio forever, and that's our hope anyway. And the other thing about them is that the way we're positioning them, we don't view them as cannibalistic of their core parent. So that's what we’re really -- the measures for us are going to be more around cannibalization and incrementality. We think we're going to get great trial and we'll get great support on them. And we would expect that they would be bigger than the Pieces launch.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And just related to that, you've radically increased advertising spending here, even versus what you told us you were going to do in Q4. It looks like there was like 20 points of variance there in terms of year-over-year growth. Do you -- how can we measure that in terms of return? I mean, does that equate to like 30, 40 basis points of continued market share gains? Or what's a way that we could track that, okay, there you go, there's a return on that sort of extra investment that Hershey is making?
David West: Yes, I think what you saw in the -- if you think about it in the fourth quarter, when you look at the overall takeaway numbers that we talked about, we did accelerate category growth in the fourth quarter. The seasonal business, overall. Halloween was probably a bit stronger for us, holiday maybe a little bit less so, but overall, the seasons were about where we thought they would be. The acceleration that occurred in the fourth quarter in the category was really on the everyday business, which we think is a good sign. The category continues to grow at the higher end of historical rates so we think that that's one way to look at the efficacy. The brands that we have worked in the last year, we continue to get good lists across the brands, Kit Kat, York, Mounds and Almond Joy. We started Hershey's Syrup and PayDay, so you should be able begin to see and track those in their growth. We track the ROI on a monthly basis. I think we'll share a little bit more about how we think about that at CAGNY with you. And then the other thing that's important to note is in the fourth quarter, we did quite a bit of advertising outside of the U.S. And so when you look at the U.S. market share, we're pleased with the share gain in the fourth quarter and for the full year, but we also had some pretty strong spending in some other markets, China, notably, Canada, Mexico, just to name a few. And we're happy with the business results there as well. So I don't think you can look at that increase as specifically only a U.S. phenomena.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer of UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: On the Minis and Drops, as you lap the Pieces from last year with those platforms, is there anything you could tell us about the impact to price per volume or mix as you think about sort of the weighted average impact to channel and package type that we should be thinking about as we model the top line this year?
David West: Yes, we actually had -- we saw reasonably good mix in 2010. If you think about where the channel growth came in 2010 can be [ph] we did particularly well in convenience. And when you talk about Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis, they will be in an instant consumable king-size format on the front end. And so that should help us. And on a price-per-pound basis in the isle and stand-up bag format on a price-per-pound, it will help our mix as well. So we think the channel mix helps us quite a bit in 2010. We would expect that to continue in 2011 as well. And when we look at these new items, we're looking at trying to improve the portfolio, overall, with the launches.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: I know if you're limited -- and boy, if you can tell us with regard to price. And there seems to be a very good reason to believe that you could take price this year and the category could take price. There's good momentum. There's obviously a good bit of inflation out there. Are there any things that you're watching out for that sort of tie your hands a little bit or make you a little bit more hesitant to raise price? Maybe you're reaching certain price barriers and price points that we can't really see or you're maybe concerned about the fragile environment, the consumer in ways that we don't anticipate, are there any things that would limit that ability?
David West: Let me go back to the first thing you said, which is we are very limited on what we can say about price. And you're right. We just don't like to comment on it at all. We do pride ourselves on the understanding of the consumer and the category. We built pretty sophisticated models, really starting with -- in 2008, when we've made a particularly big move in prices at retail, and then we also saw the retail promoted price points go up. So we really modeled that carefully. We are concerned about, obviously, entry-level price points, our opening price points. We're blessed with a category that in today's environment, has very good, is very well-positioned with respect to value perception, particularly on instant consumables. But we do look at the consumer and the consumer sentiment is fragile, and we look at the overall inflationary aspects that could hit the consumer, and those are all things that we measure as we think about our modeling and that's I think where I'd like to leave it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman of Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: A couple of, well, one detailed question, I guess, to Bert. When I look at the different charts regarding Project Next Century, it actually -- and granted you have a range, but it looked like the total CapEx cost was up maybe 5% to 10% and yet the projected savings hadn't changed. Am I just kind of doing the math wrong? But it just seems, in particular, that '11 is up enough versus your previous forecast, that the overall is -- the actual cost is up, and I'm wondering what the reason for that is?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. I think if you went back and looked at the last couple of press releases and look at that same appendix, you'd get a better sense of the changes. What I would say is that in 2010, we had lower charges and lower CapEx compared to the ranges that we put out. We've not had any changes on the savings front. If you look at the 2011, charges are a little higher, and that reflects some lower charges in '10 and CapEx is a bit higher, which again, reflects some lower CapEx in '10. The other thing that I would say, as I mentioned, the payables position at the end of the year had a component of CapEx orders or commitments not yet paid, and part of that was Project Next Century. So overall, we're still within the ranges that we established at the beginning of the program, but there has been some shifting from '10 to '11.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then maybe to follow-up on Dave Palmer's question to Dave. The elasticity in the category, I mean, I think most investors and maybe even the companies in the category were surprised, the last time pricing was taken and how much elasticity hit, we just put out something with using IRI data that looked at a pretty decent increase in elasticity for chocolate, but I kind of, to a certain extent, I've got to take that with a grain of salt because it's only measuring a certain part of the category and you have much better visibility. Do you think elasticity has increased for chocolate?
David West: Eric, it's interesting. I think David asked the same kind of question on pricing. I think the challenge is that you run -- we're going to run a micro model for the category, but in what context on a macro basis? So I think it's not as simple as just looking at our own category, which we obviously do. But you also have to look at the overall consumer income, consumer inflation, the size of the basket. And so I think there's an interaction and an interplay that you also have to consider as you think about those things. And you're right, we have much more information than you do with some channels that we've got more depth in other data than you certainly are looking at, but it's a two-fold analysis. One is a category analysis and it's an everyday and a promoted, and that there's a macro analysis in terms of how our category’s fitting in with the other categories across the universe in the consumer perception. So I think that, that we were pleased with how quickly the category bounced back out of the price increase in '08 and '09. We have grown -- our volume has grown nicely in 2010, and we're very pleased about that. We have some good things in '11 ahead of us with respect to a longer Easter season, which will help us and some good innovation. So we feel pretty good about volume and where we sit right now with respect to the category.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a last detail question for Bert. I think you said in the fourth quarter, the input pressure including raw materials and packaging, was up 160 basis points. And in your comments regarding 2011, you said it would be up meaningfully. Can you give a little more idea as to what that means? I mean, are we talking 300 basis points of pressure that you're offsetting?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, I'm not going to give you a specific answer. But I think you understood it the right way. Certainly, the fourth quarter input basket impact on a basis point was higher than the total year. So you see the acceleration. But we are saying about 2011 is that we will be able to maintain our margins where they are today, and that's a combination of some volume growth that we're anticipating, as well as productivity programs that we have in place. But clearly, when we compare '11 to '10 from our perspective and what we're seeing in the marketplace is that cost, the input basket or cost increases, we're categorizing them as meaningful in terms of the order magnitude versus what would have happened in '10.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll of Citigroup.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Dave, you talked about the category growth rate for 2011 being somewhere in that 3% to 4% range. Would you discuss what you anticipate for volume growth for the category in '11? What's your anticipation here?
David West: I don't to get into the specifics of volume mix price, David. I don't think that I would. We do think that the category will continue to be in that 3% to 4% historical range. It has done very well over the past decade. And that's kind of how it measures. As I said, I think you've seen some reasonably meaningful innovation from all of the major players in the category. You've seen some pretty good advertising spend behind that. We think that, that's its continued driver. We think also, as you look at this, the calendar for 2011 with a longer Easter, what that means as the category gets an awful lot more display for a longer period of time. And those are going to be drivers of the category with respect to underlying volume. And the channel mix within the category, consumers continue to look for good entry level price points, which is tending to drive the instant consumable part of the business. You see it in some of the convenience store numbers and front end numbers. And that's a good underlying mix component for the categories. So those are some of the drivers that we're looking at. Interestingly, in 2010, when you look across the category, when you look at chocolate and non-chocolate and mint and gum, gum actually was the lowest growth component of the category, and on a price-per-pound basis, it’s obviously one of the more attractive ones. So you also have to put that into your thinking as you go through the mix calculation.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: I wanted to ask you just some specific questions on four of your brands. Kisses is one that we've talked about over the years, really since Hershey has seen its real resurgence in the last couple of years. The one brand that still has been under a lot of pressure has been Kisses. I think the declines are moderating, but can you talk about where that franchise sits? And what your outlook is for the brand in 2011 and beyond?
David West: Yes, with respect to Kisses, I think what's interesting about it is it's the brand that we have that has the least instant consumable front end and/or convenience presence because of the nature of the brand. So I think what you would say is as we see that mix and channel shift and a strong presence that we've got in convenience stores, that brand has not participated as much in that. We are seeing very good growth on Kisses on a global basis. I think we'll have a little bit more for you at CAGNY on terms of some of our plans, going forward, on Kisses. But you're right, David, it's been -- as a brand, because it carries a lot of weight in our portfolio from a seasonal basis and the seasonal business has grown, but not nearly as much as the overall business. And then it doesn't have a front end presence. It's one where I think we've been, we've seen a little less growth there. And it also, frankly, had the most portfolio clean-up to do with respect to limited editions and some of the flavor extensions that we have now gotten out of the market.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Are the declines though -- really what I'm trying to get here, are the declines pretty much done? And we would see this thing not being a drag on net sales?
David West: I mean, I think if you look at the Kisses franchise, in the four and 12-week periods, it was roughly flat, and I think that that was during a pretty heavy those seasonal period when you think about the fourth quarter. So, yes, it was flattening out. We've gotten back to the core items that we think make the most sense.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Bert, can you just talk a little bit about the disposition of cash or really the structure of the balance sheet? As you mentioned, you're below one times debt-to-EBITDA. That's I think one of the lowest rates that we've seen on Hershey in a long time. Can you discuss here what the plan is? You've got a lot of cash on the balance sheet. I know you said what -- $350 million for CapEx next year. You still seem to have a lot of firepower on this balance sheet, so I think a lot of people are really interested in this.
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. In the fourth quarter, and I mentioned that we were in the market with a bond issuance. And we took the position that market rates were very attractive and, in some ways, historically low and on a rebound. And so that made good sense to us. We also, as you mentioned, anticipate some higher CapEx, certainly in 2011, a little bit in 2012 for Project Next Century. Clearly, we're in a strong position from a cash perspective. We just increased the dividend. We said in the past that M&A, particularly on bolt-on basis, is interesting for us and something that we're spending more time on. And then the question that we get frequently around buybacks is something that's in active discussion with our Board. So those are the things that we think about in terms of cash, in terms of how we deploy them. We understand our responsibility to return cash to shareholders and we appreciate the patience while we develop those strategic options.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I was hoping you could help me model first quarter a little bit. You say that it's going to be a little stronger because of the timing of the seasonality, but I'm looking at that 14% growth a year ago, where you just blew the covers, blew the doors off. So should we expect a down quarter in terms of sales in the first quarter?
David West: No, don't expect a down quarter in terms of sales. Generally, we don’t like to talk about quarters, but let me take that one on right away. No, we wouldn't expect a down quarter. The category growth rate coming out of the fourth quarter was at the higher end of the three to four historical rate. We would expect, obviously, some good investment that's coming, and the category retail takeaway-wise, to be pretty strong. We've got a longer Easter season by roughly, certainly, two to three weeks, which means we'll have -- as the category continues to go forward and because Easter is a very strong season for us, we would expect to have more shipments and activity. We actually had some timing of shipments out of the fourth quarter related to Valentine's and Easter as we continue to refine logistics requirements from some of our customers. They're taking that inventory in different ways to get it to the shelf, and therefore, we ship some of that later. That would be something that would in the plan. And then we also will have Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis, which will fill the pipeline and get to shelf in the first quarter. So we had really a good top line first quarter last year, but as I’ve said, we have some things that we feel pretty good about in the first quarter this year.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: And then to follow-up on emerging markets, and also, we've been hearing about more distribution even in the U.K. Can you help explain a little bit about how you're kind of piggybacking on some retailers and maybe some developed markets in Western Europe and how substantial is it? It didn't sound that big. And then in China, how fast can you ramp up? And what kind of distribution goals do you have for 2011, like are we going from 10% to 30% or something?
David West: I think what I will tell you, Rob, is when we get to CAGNY, we'll have a bit more time to give you a little bit more specificity around some of those global markets. Let me just draw distinction in the three buckets, if you will, to think about it. One of them is opportunistically with some of the retailer partners that we have out there. You've seen something that Wal-Mart initiative called global -– the Global Brand Initiative. So, we're using the Wal-Mart infrastructure in some of their stores in certain countries like Japan or the U.K. to get our well-known U.S. brands into those markets. And that's obviously, in its very early stages, but we're very pleased about being able to participate with them on that. That's kind of a very opportunistic way to get our product to in market without building infrastructure in some markets where we normally wouldn't be, that would be one. We have some other markets, where we see our market opportunity -- think about Japan, Korea, some markets in the Middle East, where we've been for a number of years where we're using a distributor partner and we actually make descent margin in some of those markets because, again, we're not building out a lot of infrastructure. We're using our distributor's infrastructure. And in some of those markets, we actually have some brand investment. And then there's some other markets where we clearly think that our brands can do very well, and we're building infrastructure. I mean, Mexico, India, China, for example, are some of those markets where we're building our own sales and distribution capabilities have been there for a number of years, are investing in our brands, and we think that those have significant opportunity. So those are the three ways to think about it. We are certainly going to take advantage of any opportunistic way to get our brands out there, but again, with the appropriate balance of how much infrastructure we put behind it.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: And I guess I would ask at CAGNY, if you could give us some a little bit more color on exactly how quickly you can build distribution? What are the goals in India, Mexico and China would be helpful?
David West: We will certainly give you that view. Chinese New Year is just closing, the season in China. We're pleased with the results that we've had. We expanded some cities this year. We had some very unique product offerings that we're very pleased with our performance in certain of our lead market cities, and we'll share some of that detail with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you just give us -– I know you don't want to tell us exactly how you're going to use the cash but what is the timing for which you have actually outline your initiatives with the cash, just because it is starting to build up, even if you take out the $350 million, you're talking probably cash flow this year in north of $700 million. So I'm just trying to figure out when will you have a strategy willing to release to the investor community?
David West: Ken, I would say that we have strategies. It's not that we don't have a strategy. It's a matter of how you refine that strategy. Certain parts of it, M&A as an example, is more opportunistic and it's hard to define timing on that. Other uses of cash obviously, we can be more definitive about. So I continue to think that we've been conscientious in trying on returning value to shareholders over the years, and it's an active Board discussion. So I can't give you some very specific dates, but I also don't want you to think that we're going from no strategies to strategy. We certainly have one in place, and it's a matter of when we trigger those.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I guess what I was trying to figure out is if there is a point in time that you don't see an opportunity maybe for consolidation, is there a time where you'll think more about either repurchasing stocks? Or I'm just trying to figure out because it is a lot of cash that's why I just wanted to see if there's any more concrete timing to seeing how you see the opportunities, and I know you can't go into the acquisitions but it does seem like if there was something to change with the acquisition from would you redeploy it to giving it back to shareholders? That's, I guess, what I was trying to get at.
David West: Yes, I guess to really answer that question, our priorities haven't changed. I've already gone over that. I would agree, David [ph], there's a level of cash that wouldn't make sense on the balance sheet...
Humberto Alfonso: Clearly that's the tipping point, Ken. There really is a tipping point and the other thing is in this interest rate environment, which is historically low, clearly you want your capital structure to reflect some of that low interest rate environment to the extent that you needed to, which is one of the reasons we did what we did in December with respect to issuing the bonds. But there is a tipping point at which, obviously, you make some decisions and it's a strategic dialogue that we have within the company on a daily basis and in terms of what to do with that cash. It's an issue or you may call it a problem but it's a high-class one to have is just to what to do with it and you just have to believe that we'll be disciplined about it, and we've been very shareholder-friendly in the past and we'll continue to do that.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: What are the key eating occasions that continue to be white space for Hershey?
David West: I think, while internationally in emerging markets, as those economies develop, they continue to be -- there's white space in a number of markets around the world. In the U.S. market, there are still a number of places to go. I think what you saw, for example, Hershey's Syrup, as an example, is an eating occasion or usage occasion were chocolate plays, one where we want to remind the consumer about that. As we look at the consumer demand landscape for confectionery, there's a lot of white space on that with certain consumers and certain brands in terms of usage occasions. I think food service outlets is another place where on a branded basis, there remains a lot of opportunity. I think there's still places to go, within a quick-serve restaurants, for example, cafeteria feeding, there's a number of places for us to be able to go. So we continue to see a lot of opportunity in the U.S., but really, in emerging markets, especially as these categories continue to grow, that's really where there's a lot of white space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar of Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: I guess first off is, you said in your prepared remarks that you're expecting some continued share gains next year and being at the high end of 3% to 5% on the top line versus category 3% to 4% certainly suggests that. And I guess I know you've got a lot going on around new products and some innovation that we've talked about and some good merchandising, is it simply the level of confidence in those programs that allow you to feel good about the share gains? Or I assume you have to take into account some level of understanding of where the sort of competitive environment is as well and so maybe it's a question around how do you see the competitive environment being different or not, maybe versus this time of year ago, given some of the consolidation that's taken place and why does that give you confidence in the ability to continue to take share?
Humberto Alfonso: I think, Andrew, what we've seen actually, is the category, there's been quite a bit of innovation in the category, not just from us but from others. We view that as a good thing, overall, for the category because it means that these, not just ours, but brands across the category are good, strong brands, and that means the category is going to get more attention, more display, more merchandising space. So there has been some good innovation across the category, which we're very pleased about. I did mention that when you think about 3% or 4% top line, the longer Easter season certainly helps the category and helps us because Easter is a place where we have disproportionate share. So we think that, that will certainly help us. And then international continues to add. So if you look at 3% or 4% U.S. category growth and we've done very well in chocolate. Within the space, chocolate has actually been the best subsegment of the category, again, where we have disproportionate share. Those would be the things that I would say would give us some confidence around share. And then the International business outside of the U.S., we saw another solid year of growth in 2010, and we would expect the investments that we've made to start to pay out. Then Insights Driven Performance, if you think about what happens, our drug class-of-trade growth, as I mentioned in my remarks, was 9.4% in the fourth quarter. That's a big turnaround for us after having a number of quarters where we struggled, and so as we continue to work through IDP with our key customers in drug, we will expect to see some growth in that class-of-trade as well from a share standpoint. So it's a number of those initiatives, and then just good innovation. All of those building blocks, I think, make us feel pretty good about '11.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then on IDP, and I think maybe you'll talk more about this at CAGNY as well, but, obviously, it seems like the performance at least that came out of that in the drug channel certainly gives you a lot of confidence in the program. How quickly and maybe where next would we see that rolled out? I mean, how quickly can you really activate that in other channels that obviously have far greater size?
David West: Yes. We talked about it when we started to build out in the early part of last year and throughout 2010, we talked about piloting it with half a dozen customers, maybe four to six customers. We've done that. We're learning a lot from that and then we've actually done a lot of the fundamental research, consumer research, segmentation work, shopper research, which is really a new area in terms of the amount of analytical capability that we built there. We did a lot of that work in 2010. You saw it in our SM&A expenses, and you start to leverage that as you build out. If you think about the consumer demand landscape that we've been using the last two or three years, you build a similar one for shoppers and shopper trip missions and you marry the shopper trip mission for the retailer to our consumer demand landscape. And J.P. Bilbrey will talk about this at CAGNY as you're right, we'll share that. In 2011, we think you'll see at some of our more major retail partners where we pilot it, you'll start to see some successes. And then when you get really into 2012, it becomes a much larger part across the entire portfolio.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Just in terms of the price that you had in the quarter, I think it was 1.6%, was that price and mix? Or is that solely price? What was the combination dip [ph]?
David West: There is a little bit of, as we said, there is a little bit of pricing in list, kind of pricing in Mexico and in Canada. And then in the U.S., between the gross and the net, it was really the reduction of unsalables and markdowns as we continue to do a good job with inventory and our seasonal business becomes much more efficient and effective. You see a reduction on salables and markdowns, which shows up as price realization because it comes between gross and net.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens of JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Dave, just to follow on Andrew's question a little bit more specifically, what we're hearing out of the Mars-Wrigley combination is perhaps there's not going to be that level of integration. There were fears, I guess, initially that maybe these guys would come at you especially hard at the checkout counters. So I guess the question would be as, obviously, Mars has engaged in some nice innovation here near the end of the year. But are you seeing anything competitively beyond what you might normally anticipate in the U.S. market?
David West: I think what I've said is there's quite a bit of innovation from, particularly in chocolate. And so we've seen quite a bit of innovation in chocolate that, as I said, Terry, the Gum segment of the category, sub-segment of the category through the 52 weeks ending last, ending January 1. So if you think about it for calendar 2010, Gum category growth was less than 1%. I think that's the Gum segment of the category cycling innovation that had been out there prior. Gum is -- we are a distant number three in gum. So, I think that that's part of the category that has not grown. And clearly, there has been some M&A activity between Mars-Wrigley and Kraft-Cadbury that's happened over the last couple of years. Chocolate continues to grow nicely. And then I think, overall, as I said, I think the category continues to grow in terms of the upper end of its historical growth rates and it seems to be in pretty multi-channel, which is historically what we would expect.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I know the market share battle over here never really ends, but I guess what I'm wondering is it just seems like maybe the strategic tone, given the fact that you do have ample cash, the balance sheet is in great shape, it sounds as though you might be kind of strategically signaling that, hey, we need to get a lot more serious about growing overseas. Is that kind of one of the things we should expect to hear if we ever get out of this winter and get down there?
David West: Well, yes, I hope winter, at some point in time, does end for us. It's not been all that fun here in the Northeast. But that aside, Terry, we've really focused starting in June of 2008 when we talked about our long-term strategy, we talked about international growth as being additive to our strength in the U.S. I think we've certainly put our money where our mouth is with respect to organic growth over last couple of years. We've built out distribution. We've increased our investment in brand building. We've done a number of things in traditional trade. We really recently, if you think about what we did structurally to our organization at the end of last year, which is effective January 1. We're much more focused on the regions. We've divided ourselves up. We have an Americas region, an Asian region and the U.S. has a region and those three regions will get more resources directly in market, particularly Asia and the Americas. And we've created two strategic business units: One, for sugar confectionery, and one for chocolate because as we see growth around the world and the way category -- confectionery category develop around the world, sugar confectionery traditional trade approaches are much more important in some of the markets around the world. So we've structured ourselves around that. We've made investment around it and I think what's been good for us is we performed very well the last few of years and as you look at our 2011 preliminary look here, we're able to organically invest in that business and still continue to put up pretty good numbers. So we feel good about that and then, as Bert Alfonso has talked, the hope is opportunistically that we can then do something inorganic with our balance sheet and cash flow to also accelerate some of that growth. So, it's been a focus for us and I think we've been very fortunate over the last couple of years to really build that out and invest in it.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Can you just briefly update us, where do you stand over in Asia in terms of your agreements with Lotte?
David West: I do want to give you a whole lot of specifics, but remember they're our manufacturing partner. We jointly own a facility just outside of Shanghai, which is the chocolate manufacturing facility. And so we share that facility for the market in China and we're also exporting from China to other parts of Asia from that facility. They are also our distribution partner, our distributor in Korea and our distributor for certain products in Japan as well where they have good market strength.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: The first is on restructuring. You guys, obviously, had another good year and we're into Project Next Century following Global Supply Chain Transformation. And I know that the amount of charges that we’re to add back in '11 is lower than we've done for the last three years, I guess, in the last four years. I'm just wondering, at what point do you think -- I mean, is this the last of the big restructuring programs? Or are we going to be adding back $0.10-plus in perpetuity. Or what point do you think, if you have those types of charges you'll just actually start absorbing them and using the payback from the earlier efforts to reinvest in the business like some of your other peers do in the group?
David West: Well, I would say that within the Global Supply Chain Transformation, we closed six manufacturing facilities and built a brand new one. Project Next Century is really deals with the 100-year old factory that we have in Hershey that just frankly can't be nearly as efficient, just given the structural limitations of the building. And so we will have dramatically changed our footprint over the last three years. We've operated in the new footprint this year. We talked a lot about the savings that have come -- the savings in freight, the savings in procurement that we've worked through, productivity-wise in the face of meaningful cost increases from our commodity basket, we've been able to generate productivity in the new footprint. So I think we've done -- if you look at the margin expansion over the last few years, our gross margins have grown nicely. That's a reflection of really looking at our entire infrastructure and supply chain and redoing it. And that will continue through the next few years, as we implement Project Next Century. And then we have an ongoing focus on continuous improvement, which is really bearing fruit for us as well. So I feel very good about what we've done with our margin structure and our infrastructure. And importantly, what that has allowed us to do is invest in a significant way in advertising, in infrastructure, in Insights Driven Performance, and you see that in our top line grow. The category growth has been good. We've been driving that, We've been gaining some share. And overall, I think it's been a virtuous circle for us in terms of taking cost out of the system and putting it back in the brands.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: No, I wouldn't dispute that. My question was just at what point are you going to use those savings to get the next level of savings?
David West: I think we already are. If you think about the ability for us to work through the new supply chain footprint and get the kind of procurement and logistics and freight savings that we've gotten this past year, we realize that $185-plus million from the first Global Supply Chain Transformation, there's another $60 million to $80 million coming. We've invested that in the business. We talked about differential $80 million to $100 million of productivity above and beyond normal inflationary continuous improvement that we're getting from 2010 and '11. So I think we are doing that. We are gaining those and investing in the back of the business. It's showing up in our results. I mean, our advertising spending has nearly tripled, if you will, since 2006. And so you couldn't do that without investing the savings that we got back into the business.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I understand. My point is just that if we are going to keep adding back charges into perpetuity, at some point, they become recurring, non-recurring charges? So I just want to know when those were going to -- they will openly going to stop?
David West: Well, I don't know that I would ever say that you're going to stop looking at your manufacturing footprint. But as I said, we've closed six facilities. We're in the process of closing another 100-year old facility -- or we're kind of running out of 100-year old facilities and I think we get to place for you feel good about the footprint -- then you optimize within that footprint. And that's where we started coming in 2010, and that's where we'll go as we go forward here in '11 ago 12.
Humberto Alfonso: I think if part of your question is around reporting and pro forma, totally, any restructurings that we do in the future would have to be of magnitude to make it sensible to report separately versus GAAP. And so it would be dependent on size of restructuring.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And just finally on the question on the convenience channel, oil is pushing between $90 and $100, which ultimately is going to have implications for gas prices. As we go through the year and assuming gas prices come up, do you have any thoughts on how that could affect demand and convenience for your products?
David West: Yes, we've seen the volatility in oil and, therefore, gas prices over the last several years, if you go back over the last three or four years for sure. Trips are flat to slightly up in the fourth quarter of 2010. So it’s something that we continue to monitor, we've made some pretty, I think, strong investments in convenience store coverage over the last two or three years to ensure that we are in the right places with respect to convenience. But it's obviously something that we constantly monitor. And right now, it looks like trips are holding. But again, who knows where gas prices go, and it is something that the industry, in total, watches.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard of Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Bernstein Research: I want to ask about the Premium segment of the chocolate market. We've been hearing a lot about the concept of the bifurcated consumer and how people feeling okay are trading back out to things like restaurants and we're seeing that Premium segment of the market coming back. Are you seeing that in the Chocolate segment yet? And if so, is that something that you're going to go after aggressively?
David West: We did see a little bit of a bump backup in the fourth quarter for the first time with respect to, I guess, I'd call it premium, I would call it gifting more. It manifested itself in the fourth quarter holiday program as I think a little bit more gifting purchases than we had seen in the past couple of years. So for the year, premium grew a little bit after a couple of years of just decline, and it was largely gifting in the fourth quarter. Our premium efforts and the work that -- we've done a lot of work on premium and gifting. We just chose in 2010 to launch that in China because we think that, that was a much more meaningful initiative for us to launch with respect to how the Chinese consumer shops and how the category works in China. So we're very pleased about our premium and gifting efforts that we launched in China in 2010 and are selling through here in Chinese new year 2011, a lot of those things will be applicable into, think about duty-free and other of our international markets. What we continue to see in the U.S. market is, is we do see a bifurcation. We have a large vast majority, 90% of the category is still kind of mainstream trade up that's growing nicely, and there is a huge focus within that on value and opening price points. We recently created a cross functional team headed by a general manager focused on the value channels, if you will. So we're talking about reverse engineering our product line to make sure we continue to hit those entry level price points. Premium is coming back a little bit in confectionary. It's just not that large a part. So when we think about the launch windows in the U.S., we'd much rather spend our time and initiative of our sales force right now on the launch windows around mainstream chocolate, like Hershey's Drops and Reese's Minis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta of Wells Fargo.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a quick question in terms of continuity levels of advertising. Based on your guidance, you're slowing the rate of ad spending from the torrid rate that you had in 2010, it looks like it'll be increasing at about the rate of sales growth, more or less. I'm just wondering, as you look out over the next few years, do you see an opportunity for another sort of significant leg up in your ad spending ratios? Or are you pretty comfortable with where you are now after, as you said, tripling ad spending from it was just a few years ago?
David West: I think where we find ourselves now is if you look across our portfolio, we activated PayDay and Hershey's Syrup in the fourth quarter. So if you look across our U.S. portfolio, Eric, we have a good breath of brands that we're now supporting at sustaining levels. And from a shareholder [ph]standpoint, we think we've reached a good place, so now the focus really becomes much more on how to make sure we get the right ROI, are we in the right vehicles, are we getting the right level of GRPs, those are the things, characterize it, close enough, more or less in line with the revenue growth this year, but much more focused on ROI and brand building within the U.S. We will continue to invest in some of the emerging markets at reasonably strong rates, but again, off a much smaller base. So we think that we've got ourselves to place now where the right brands are activated across the portfolio and we've learned a lot about how to position them. And now innovation becomes a much bigger driver for us in the portfolio in -- certainly did in 2010 and will be in 2011. We were looking at much more of advertising as the biggest driver of volume and growth in late '08 and '09, more balanced in '10 and certainly here in '11. So there are a lot of other levers available to us, and advertising will continue to be important. But we do think we've reached an equilibrium point, if you will.
Eric Serotta - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then last year at CAGNY, you talked a bit about the opportunity that if you just sort of grow in line with your end markets and your emerging markets or in your International business x Canada, that you could essentially double the business over the next five years. Having now being a year into that and maybe you're going to tell me that you'll get into this in another week, in another couple weeks. Are you more or less confident in your ability to achieve those targets for the Emerging Markets business?
David West: We will talk a little bit more about it in the couple of weeks, but we are certainly as confident, if not more confident than we were. The growth rates for that non-U.S. business were very good in 2010. We continue to learn a lot about how to activate the brands and how to build out distribution. So I was very pleased with our performance in 2010 in all of our markets. We had a couple of places, obviously, where you'd like to do better. But I think across the board, in aggregate, I was very pleased with that performance and we remain confident.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just trying to bridge the gross and operating profit margin from 2010 to 2011. And I think if I'm right, in 2010, the Global Supply Chain savings for the year ended up being about $25 million, is that correct?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, it was in that range. And as you recall, it was pretty much first quarter.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then beyond that, the additional productivity that would've flowed through the gross margin line, was the majority of that was related to the benefits you got from reduced obsolescence? I'm trying to understand if there's anything more that was there.
David West: Sourcing, freight, obsolescence, it was really, as you talked about it operating in the new footprint, when you think about taking a pause after having closed a number of facilities and building a brand new one and looking at your footprint, we really looked at getting everything from procurement to logistics and obsolescence was a large part of that because our portfolio continues to get better. And we really did generate a lot of that productivity in 2010 that we talked about at CAGNY, and it showed up in COGS, but a little bit of it showed up in SG&A.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And more of that was weighted to the back half of the year?
David West: Yes.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So then if you think about kind of how that stretches in 2011, there shouldn't be any more incremental Global Supply Chain savings?
Humberto Alfonso: No, there won't be, Bryan. That program is in place, we achieved a $380 million. Not a lot of savings from Next Century in '11. Those really are '12 and '13, for the most part, a little bit spills into '14. So that is the right way to think about it.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So I think it's $10 million to $15 million of Next Century savings and then another $30 million or so of the sort of productivity savings from being in the new footprint because some of it should wrap around. And I'm just trying a sense of the total level of productivity flowing through cost of goods sold is going to be smaller in 2011 than it will be in 2010?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, I think it would be somewhat smaller. Again, the difference between the Global Supply Chain and the Next Century, as you mentioned, is roughly $10 million. Dave mentioned earlier, we have a year in and year out continuous improvement within the Fort Worth factory where we try to at least –- what we think of as normal inflation and then the program that we've talked about more recently was that $80 million to $100 million. We're going after just optimizing the benefits that we got from Next Century in terms of line speeds. Obviously during or rather Global Supply Chain Transformation obviously the real emphasis there was moving the lines, getting up and ready, customer service. We were able to optimize some of those things including logistics and purchasing. And so those are the three components, and they're roughly the same three components in '11. But with the Next Century being smaller than Supply Chain Transformation.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then if I remembered it correctly, you were expecting to have some more savings flow through below the gross profit line in 2011 relative to what you had in 2010. Is that still, right?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, that's correct. We did mention that before and that's the portion of the $80 million to $100 million that still has yet to come in '11. There'll be more of that, that is SG&A-related than gross margin impact of the cost of goods and it's really the sequence of the programs that were going at.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So if you think about the net of those two items, right, what incremental benefits you'll get flowing through cost of goods sold plus what you get on SG&A capture and SG&A. And just thinking about those savings as a way to offset inflation, you have a little bit more in aggregate in 2011 than 2010 or is it about the same?
David West: I guess, I think what we're saying is that gross margin, we've got meaningful cost inflation in the inputs. We have normal productivity that we would always count on our supply chain people. They wake up every morning knowing at a minimum, they've got to offset inflation with savings. We've done that plus the other continuous improvement initiatives. So we think about gross margin is around about where we would have been last year. Advertising spending, we talked about mid single-digit so we're roughly plus or minus in line with sales and then we spent meaningfully in the rest of our SM&A over the last few years. And I think in my comments, what I said was we would expect to have that be at a lesser rate than the sales growth this year because we're now, we've actually built a lot of the infrastructure. Now we live in it this year in our go-to market capabilities and start to get some leverage from it. So I think the drivers are a little different. Last year you saw gross market expansion pretty strongly. Now I think what you'll see this year is you'll see much more of the margin expansion story somewhere between gross and down through EBIT margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Can you give the international sales growth rate for 2010? Well, if you gave that, I'm sorry I missed it.
David West: I think Bert gave you some pieces of it. We don't really give the business that way. I think when we do come to CAGNY, I think we'll give you a little bit more flavor for some of the individual markets and what we saw. But we had talked historically about that kind of 14% compound annual growth rate on an organic basis over the last few years, and it's in that range again in -- as it was in 2010.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So it grew as a percentage of revenue, I assume that –- and I heard the numbers that Bert gave just to be clear. You gave Canada at $15 million, as I recall -- mid-teens, and then I think you said emerging markets of stronger than that?
David West: Yes. It's part of that $15 million and doesn’t grow as –- it grows much faster than Canada.
Christopher Growe - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then the only other question I had was in relation to Drops. Just in particular, is one interesting new product for this year. Would Pieces be a good parameter or a bogey for kind of how this product, in terms of share or progressions out here [ph], how this product should look. Is that a good kind of analogy to use?
David West: I think what I said earlier was that when you look at Hershey's Drops and the Reese's Minis, I think the Hershey's brand, obviously, as the flagship brand for and the way we think about Hershey's Drops is it's delivering what the Hershey brand delivers to consumers, which is a pure chocolate experience. This is not a candy-coated product. This is the pure chocolate experience that Hershey should deliver. We would expect that, that with respect to Pieces, that just given the sheer brand size and recognition that we would expect it to do similar kind of velocity to something like Pieces and hopefully better.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Baumgartner of Telsey Advisory Group.
John Baumgartner : Bert, quick question. 2011 interest expense, any guidance there at this point? 2011 interest expense guidance?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. I don't know if we gave specific guidance in the prepared remarks, but we would expect somewhere between $90 million and $100 million.
John Baumgartner : And then, Dave, thinking about the drug channel, I guess some nice acceleration over the back half of year. Can you talk a little bit more about some of the fundamentals going on there? I mean, should you allow that acceleration towards just pure advertising? Or was there something more on the distribution or product side that you could kind of point to?
David West: I think we did talk about our Insights Driven Performance initiative, which is really working with a couple of those key retailers in that class-of-trade. To really understand -- do a better job really for us, doing a better job with them of understanding shopper insights and shopper patterns and trip missions. And so I think what you saw was us doing a better job of tailoring, programming working with them in the back part of the year to accelerate some of that growth. I think the business model that we had, had a few years ago, which was largely driven around item expansion and proliferation, given the number of stores they operate and the way their logistic systems work, that was not a great model for them. It didn’t prove to drive category growth over an extended period of time. And so I think what the Insights Driven Performance work did with them was to change the model a little bit and be more focused on delivering to their shoppers what they want, and hopefully, simplifying some of the product offerings.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Dave, you've talked about the growth of CMG category outperforming some of the other snack alternatives like salty snacks, cookies and crackers. Can you maybe just talk about some of the drivers, I mean, clearly, the innovation has been pretty strong in CMG. You guys, obviously, have been spending a lot of money in advertising, but is there sort of an economic component to CMG outperforming other snack alternatives in an economic downturn? Is there a change in terms of consumers' behavior or preference for chocolate versus some of the other snacks within kind of the macro snack category?
David West: I think, Judy, what I would say, and we've talked about this, we've talked about this probably every time we get together as a larger group, the structural advantages of the confectionery category. We just believe it's an advantage category. The data would tell you, if you look at a regression of category growth in a downturn that confections is one of the better categories with respect to that. I think a lot of it is because the nature of the category, we offer instant consumable at a below $1 price point in most instances, and I think that's an attractive opening price point in this time. We are a seasonal destination for consumers, so Easter, Valentines, Halloween holiday, consumers might give up a lot of things, but that's not something that they're going to give up. The category, therefore, gets a lot of merchandising. And then they're just great brands. And so we just think the category structurally, is an advantage. We've always thought that, we continue to think it. And I think the good news is on some level that we've managed to back-up our belief in that category advantage by performing. But we do just think it's, on some level, structural, and then we’ve really invested significantly in infrastructure and brand building to make sure that we -- as we've gone through the cycle here, that the category is front of mind and top of mind with consumers.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a quick follow-up on the input cost, you've talked about having good visibility to your cost structure this year. Is there any component of your input cost that is actually vulnerable if the spot prices were to go up? And how much at risk would your gross margin guidance be if in the event that happened?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, I won't comment so much on the risk factor, but certainly dairy, and I don't think I did mention it during the prepared remarks, but dairy is a component which is an important component for us. We think we have a pretty good sense of where it's going and have included that in our planning. But increases beyond what we were anticipating today, because there's not a ready-forward market the way there would be for some of our other commodities, would certainly be an impact for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Dickerson of Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: So it sounds like you just said that interest expense you would expect to be somewhere around $90 million to $100 million in fiscal '11, which for the most part, is basically flat year-over-year. So then I guess it's fair to assume that excluding any buyback activity, any increase in buyback activity that essentially mean operating profit should be growing around, let's say, at least 5% to 7%. Is that fair?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes, getting back to the interest question, I think characterizing it as approximately flat is probably a reasonable way to think about it. We did have some higher interest expense in the quarter that we talked about, and because of the tender offer, and so that doesn't repeat. But we have slightly higher fixed debt because we borrowed the $350 million, excluding the portion that we used for the tender. So flattish characterization is fair. Dave, I think, already commented earlier to try to put perspective around it, that there's certainly more leverage between gross margin and operating margin than in 2011 versus gross margin expansion, which was the primary driver in 2010.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: And then also, just want to get a little bit better of a sense, I mean, obviously, there've been a lot of questions asked around your leverage ratio and cash on the balance sheet. But, I mean, what was the thought process in Q4 as you did the tender that was there for the $150 million in debt. I mean, obviously, you took up debt level a little bit. You raised $350 million, you pay down the $150 million, I believe it was, plus $58 million. But as we go onto fiscal '11, as that leverage ratio comes down and interest is flat, if we just look at basically like a run rate of 1.4x leverage EBITDA over the past 10 years, why wouldn't you increase your debt level at the time of the offering a little bit more than you did instead of having to go back into the market just in case rates rise because it would seem like obviously there is an optimal point of a capital structure. And it just seems like a lot of good companies honestly they have capped the markets a little bit, but not that much. I would've thought they would have tried to increase their debt levels, if they could, and take advantage of the lower interest rates. Can you just comment on that?
David West: Yes. I mean, we've tried to balance -- first of all, I mentioned that our fixed-rate debt, which is really all the debt we have right now, is at reasonably attractive rates. And so it really depends when and you compare companies what their average debt cost is, we decided that we would tender the 2012 based on the premium we're willing to pay to tender that and the approximately 7% interest rate on that one. As far as how much leverage, it really is a matter of what our anticipated cash needs are versus how we plan to redeploy that cash. So every company's going to be slightly differently in terms of how opportunistic they're going to be in a low-interest rate environment. We think we've reached a pretty good balance.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: I may have missed it on the call, but I know in Q3, you were calling for essentially a 1% benefit from the timing of seasonal shipments. Was that -- did you say that on the call?
David West: We actually didn't talk specifically about it. I mean, roughly in the fourth quarter, seasonal shipments were kind of flat, if you will, in terms of -- we did have some stuff shipped out of the third quarter and the fourth quarter, but we also had things shipped as we talked about Easter and Valentine’s out of fourth and the first. So that overlap has kind of washed itself out.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: And then just some clarity, it may seem like a stupid question, but why is the Easter period longer?
Humberto Alfonso: The lunar cycle, I suppose.
David West: Yes, the lunar calendar. It's the lunar cycle.
Robert Dickerson - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: There's normally like a shift or you actually attract people because of the lunar cycle to buy more candy ahead of the actual holiday or what?
David West: Think about that, I mean, Valentine's Day is always February 14. That one we get right. But Easter because of the way it's set based on the lunar calendar moves. So Easter last year was April 12, and this year it's April 20-something. It's two or three weeks longer. So what you wind up with is two or three weeks more of display of candy and consumers will shop Easter candy longer.
Operator: Your final question comes from Todd Duvick of Bank of America.
Todd Duvick - Bank of America Corporation: Just not to beat a dead horse here, but obviously, you've talked a lot about the balance sheet and the flexibility you have, which is as you stated, a high-class problems to have. And I guess as you consider the potential share buybacks and acquisition activity, I'm wanting to know if you can tell us what governs just how aggressive you might be? Is it your credit rating or are there certain balance sheet metrics you could point to? Or the desire to maintain investment grade ratings? How do you look about it?
David West: Yes. I mean, that's certainly part of the considerations set. We're A-rated company, and certainly, that's approximately where we think we ought to be. I think we've mentioned in the past that for strategic reasons, we'd be willing to move within that investment grade category of ratings. And so there are certain metrics that we follow, and the rating is one of those metrics. When we speak to the Board with respect to how we redeploy our cash, we invariably get involved in those conversations in terms of how we stack up to the peers, and what the most likely uses of cash are over the strategic plan periods. So it's exactly the way you've described it. Thank you for joining us today on the conference call, and we'll see all of you in a couple of weeks at CAGNY.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes The Hershey Company's Fourth Quarter 2010 Results Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mark Pogharian – Director, IR Dave West – President and CEO Bert Alfonso – SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Terry Bivens – JP Morgan Alexia Howard – Bernstein Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse  Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets  Jason English – Goldman Sachs Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank David Driscoll – Citi Investments  David Palmer – UBS Eric Serrano – Wells Fargo Securities Bryan Spillane – Bank of America  
Operator: Good morning! My name is Beth and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company Q3 2010 results. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Beth. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company’s Q3 2010 conference call. Dave West, President and CEO, Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO, and I will represent Hershey on this morning’s call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10K for 2009 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release a copy is posted on our corporate website, www.hersheys.com, in the investor relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP. Within the notes section of the press release we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we’ve said within the note, a company uses these non-GAAP measures as team efforts for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP, rather the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our Q3 2010 results excluding net pretax charges. The 2010 charges relate to the Project Next Century Program, while the 2009 charges are associated with the global supply chain transformation. These pretax charges were $4.5 million in the Q3 of 2010 and $11 million in the Q3 of 2009. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Dave West.
Dave West: Thanks, Mark, and good morning everyone. I am pleased that despite the macroeconomic challenges that persist, Hershey delivered another strong quarter of operating and marketplace results. During the Q3, and on a year to date basis, the CMG – that’s the Candy, Mint, and Gum category – continues to grow, outpacing salty snacks, cookies, crackers, and bakery snacks. Our business is solid in all classes of trade and our resale partners value the importance of the confectionary category and the leadership that Hershey provides. During these challenging times, retailers are looking for traffic and profitable solutions, and confectionary is one of the answers to both of these objectives. Hershey’s Q3 net sales reflected continued momentum of our brands. Net sales increased 4.2%, driven primarily by volume gains in both the US and international markets as we continued to invest and execute in the marketplace. Additionally, as we exited the Q3, the timing of some seasonal shipments dampened Q3 net sales by approximately one point. These shipments have already occurred in early October and will be reflected in our Q4 results. In terms of Hershey’s marketplace performance, preliminary CMG consumer takeaway for the 12 weeks ending October 2nd and the year-to-date periods, for our custom database and channels that account for over 80% of our retail business, was up about 4% and 5% respectively. As a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass (including Wal-Mart), and convenience stores. In the Q3 I was particularly pleased with the sequential improvement in resale takeaway trends at one of our larger retail customers and in the drugstore channel. We do want to note that during the Q3 Nielsen Contact and some of their customers, including Hershey, informed them that they are currently reviewing the projection methodology of their C-store universe for syndicated data. This is a C-store channel-specific issue impacting a number of categories of manufacturers, with the impact limited to Q3 data. We believe the data we have been provided, and that we are sharing with you today is directionally correct, and that any potential adjustment will not materially impact our overall reported market share. We continue to feel very good about our convenience store business. In Atlanta at the NACS Conference – that’s the National Association of Convenience Stores – two weeks ago, we had the opportunity to meet with our C-store customers. The constant theme was that Hershey and the confectionary category remain solid. Within FDMXC – that’s Food, Drug, Mass, & Convenience (here we’re excluding Wal-Mart) – preliminary Hershey and category growth for the 12 weeks ending October 2 and year-to-date period for our custom database increased relatively in line with the category’s historical growth rate. Hershey’s preliminary US CMG market share is up 0.2 points for the year-to-date period and was flat in the Q3. The category continues to perform well despite the macroeconomic challenges as confectionary is among the highest with respect to household penetration and impulse purchases. This impulsivity continues to translate to merchandising opportunities, and as we move through the balance of the year the category is a seasonal destination, with our banded products remaining available at reasonable price points. As a result we expect the category to continue to consistently secure key merchandising and programming space and to grow within the historical 3% to 4% range. The category continues to be driven by mainstream, everyday confections, as its trade-up, gifting, and novelty sub-segments remain soft. Year-to-date, premium and trade-up chocolates on an S-basis, is about flat. As we stated in July, as expected, there were investments by major manufacturers in the category in the form of innovations and trial-inducing programs during the quarter. Activity varied by channel, and despite this Hershey resale takeaway increased in all channels. In the Q3, food class of trade category growth was +4.2%. Hershey resale takeaway increased 2.5% in the Q3, resulting in a market share decline of 0.5 points in Q3 in the food class of trade. However, Hershey’s Food Channel market share is still up 0.1 points year-to-date. Q3 results were due to the year-over-year timing of innovation, merchandising, and programs. Marketplace activity can and will vary from quarter to quarter, and our programming for the balance of the year in the food class of trade is solid. This year’s Halloween season is marked by a bit of an unusual calendar. Labor Day was late, September 6th, and October 31 falls on a Sunday. With this pattern we expect consumer purchases to be especially compressed towards the end of the season. To date, customer Halloween orders and resale sell through are tracking in line with our expectations, although we will not have a complete read on sell through for another couple weeks. Halloween-specific seasonal promotions, merchandising and advertising are being executed. We believe we’ve made the necessary investments to ensure solid category sell through and we’ll work closely with key customers over the next 10 days to monitor consumer reaction and shopping behavior. Turning now to the C-store class of trade, in Q3 Hershey’s preliminary C-store takeaway increased for the 10th consecutive quarter and was up within the historical category growth rate, resulting in a share gain of approximately 0.2 points. On a year-to-date basis in the C-store channel, syndicated data indicates we have gained 0.6 market share points. In Q3 Hershey’s C-store chocolate and non-chocolate performance was solid, driven by volume and mix as both standard loose bars and king-size pack types performed well in the marketplace behind the Reese’s “Double the Love” promotion, a “Two for $2.50” king-size promotion, and a Hershey’s “Pure Happiness” standard bar program. In the Q4 we expect convenience stores to remain on track behind NCAA football tie-ins as well as additional king-size and standard bar programming. In the Q3, our business in the drug class of trade improved. For the 12 weeks ended October 2nd, Hershey resale takeaway in this channel increased 3.2%, resulting in a market share gain of 0.6 points. While this is partly a result of easier comps versus the year ago period, we have notably increased our level of investment and focus on this channel, and our markedly improving our results. As we look to the remainder of the year we have strong initiatives in place during the Q4 across all channels. Some of the core brand merchandising and consumer promotions include the NCAA football promotion, and for the holiday season we’re offering consumers a free, customized soda, calendar and coffee mug in conjunction with SnapFish with the purchase of two participating Hershey candy products. We’re also adding excitement to our traditional holiday and baking programming with a baking share and win promotion, and we are most excited about the December launch of Hershey’s Drops and Reese’s Minis. In Q4 versus our previous expectations, we’ll accelerate the timing of and begin execution of certain aspects of our strategic plan. Therefore, SG&A spending will rise sharply and be driven by higher levels of incremental investments in the building out of the Insights-Driven Performance Initiative, furthering go-to-market strategies in both the US and other markets around the world as we add selling capability and points of distribution in global markets such as Mexico and China. We’ll increase sampling, supporting new products, especially in the markets where we are adding points of distribution. Advertising expense will increase, and for the full year it’s now expected to be up 50% to 60%. This is greater than our previous estimate of a 45% to 50% increase. We’ll increase spending on brands in which we’ve initiated activity earlier this year. Reese’s, Mounds, Almond Joy, and York have responded to ad spending and we’ll accelerate towards continuity levels of GRPs on these brands. We will also begin airing copy on Hershey’s Syrup and Payday for the first time since 2001, and we’ll be adding to our consumer spending in Mexico, China and Canada as we implement our demand landscape learning in these geographies. Over the remainder of the year we expect the macroeconomic challenges facing the consumer to continue. Category growth rates will most likely continue to fluctuate from quad to quad. Importantly, the inherent characteristics of the category I spoke of earlier should endure resulting in a category growing within its historical growth rate of 3% to 4% in 2010 and 2011. Our plans are in place for the upcoming key seasonal periods. As a result, we reiterate our full year 2010 net sales targeted outlook of about a 7% increase, including an approximate one point benefit from foreign currency exchange rates. For the full year we have good visibility into our cost structure, and while input costs will be higher in the Q4 we expect adjusted gross margin and adjusted EBIDTA margin to expand. Therefore, we’ve increased our full year adjusted earnings per diluted share outlook and expect it to be in the $2.52 to $2.56 range, an increase of mid to high teens on a percentage basis versus 2009, and greater than our previously estimated range of $2.47 to $2.52. As we plan for 2011 we believe macroeconomic challenges and consumer confidence will continue to be a headwind, however we believe category dynamics similar to those I discussed and continued support of our brand will enable the category and Hershey to grow. In 2011 we expect our advertising expense to increase. However, the year-over-year percentage increase will not be at the rates achieved over the last two years. As a result, our initial expectation for 2011 is for net sales growth within our 3% to 5% long-term objective. While we do anticipate higher input costs in 2011, productivity and cost saving initiatives are in place to help mitigate the impact. Therefore, based on our current views and expectations for 2011, we expect growth in adjusted earnings per diluted share within our current long-term target of 6% to 8%. I’ll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some additional financial details.
Bert Alfonso: Thanks, Dave, and good morning everyone. Hershey posted another quarter of quality results, as Q3 consolidated net sales of $1.547 billion increased 4.2% versus the prior year; and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.79 increased 8.2%. Overall year over year results were driven by volume, mix, net price realization, and supply chain savings which more than offset increases in marketing investments and selling capabilities. The Q3 sales gain of 4.2% was driven primarily by the continued growth of our core brands including new products. As we ended the quarter, the timing of some seasonal shipments lowered our Q3 net sales by about one point, therefore our Q4 seasonal shipments will be greater than the prior year, maintaining our full year net sales outlook of about 7%. In addition, lower levels of customer returns and markdowns as well as the July 2009 carryover pricing in Canada generated net price realization of about one point, while favorable foreign currency rates contributed approximately a half point. During the Q3, adjusted gross margin increased 290 basis points, driven by favorable supply chain efficiencies including continued higher productivity, favorable sales mix, and lower levels of obsolescence. Input costs were about flat in the quarter and favorable versus our previous estimate as a result of certain commodity strategies executed in Q3. We currently have good visibility into our cost structure for the remainder of the year and expect input costs to be higher in the Q4 versus prior year. Despite this increase, year over year adjusted gross margin is expected to be a bit higher in the Q4 but below the rates we’ve seen in the Q3. Q3 adjusted EBIDTA margin of 19.7% is up 10 basis points. This is driven primarily by higher adjusted gross margin, offset by higher advertising expense of about 46%, selling expenses as we continue to invest in consumer insights and building billable capabilities, and employee related expenses. As Dave stated earlier, we continue to invest in our core brands and expect full year advertising expense to increase 50% to 60%, greater than our previous estimate of 45% to 50%. So as to last year, and as previously communicated, we are planning additional advertising in the Q4 in both the US and other key markets to enable a strong start to 2011. We expect adjusted EBIDTA margin to expand for the full year, although it will be lower versus the Q4 of last year, and that’s due to lower gross margin expansion as well as business investments, which Dave already described. Now let me provide and update on our international businesses. Overall, our reported sales outside the US increased low double digits. Our reported and constant currency basis sales increased in our largest international markets, while in Asia we focused on preparing for the upcoming Chinese New Year. During the Q3 strategic investments in brand building and go-to-market strategies were higher, including an advertising increase of 65% outside of North America. As a result our local currency basis operating income increased in Canada but declined in the rest of our emerging market businesses. We are committed to investing in our international businesses and we anticipate that these investments will generate meaningful brand awareness and some more offtake over time. Moving further down the P&L, for the quarter, interest expense was $22.3 million, consistent with the prior period. In 2010, we now expect interest expense to be down about 1% versus 2009. The tax rate for the Q3 was 35.1%, or 210 basis points less than the prior year due to the impact of interim tax accounting and a favorable income mix among geographies. For the full year we now expect the tax rate to be about 35% to 35.5%, slightly higher than our previous estimate of 35%. In the Q3 of 2010, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 230.5 million versus 229.6 million in 2009, leading to adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.79, up 8.2% versus year ago. Let me provide a quick recap of our year to date results. Net sales increased 7.6%, adjusted gross margin was 43% year to date versus 38.3% last year. Gains were driven primarily by favorable supply chain efficiencies including volume and greater levels of productivity. Favorable mix and low obsolescence also contributed. Adjusted EBIDTA increased 23.5%, resulting in an EBIDTA margin gain of 230 basis points to 18.3% from 16%. Advertising increased 54% on a year to date basis, and adjusted earnings per share diluted for the nine month period increased 26% to $1.94 per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the Q3 net trading capital was relatively in line with last year. Accounts receivable was up $38 million and remains extremely current and of high quality. We continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging, and despite current macroeconomic conditions we have not seen an impact on our customers’ payment patterns to date. Inventory increased $35 million, driven partially by the previously mentioned timing of the Q3 sales while accounts payable increased by $65 million. We do expect net trading capital to improve in the Q4 as we cycle through the peak seasonal periods of our business. In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software were $49 million in the Q3 and $124 million year to date. These amounts included $20 million of Project Next Century capital expenditures. For 2010 we are targeting total capital additions to be in the $190 million to $210 million range. This range includes base ongoing CAPEX of $140 million to $160 million, plus Project Next Century CAPEX of approximately $50 million. Depreciation amortization was $52 million in the period, including accelerated depreciation of approximately $6 million. Year to date reported depreciation amortization was $146 million, and included $7 million of accelerated depreciation related to the Next Century Program. Therefore, adjusted operating depreciation amortization year to date was approximately $139 million. In 2010 we are forecasting total operating depreciation amortization of $175 million to $185 million, while accelerated depreciation amortization related to Project Next Century is expected to be $10 million to $15 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $71 million. We did not acquire any stock in the Q3 related to the outstanding repurchase program. There remains $100 million outstanding on the current authorization. Year to date approximately 133 million of our common shares have been repurchased to replace shares issued in conjunction with stock option exercises and option replenishment is about current at quarter end. Cash on hand at the end of the Q3 was $245 million, up versus the year ago period and relatively in line with 2009 year-end balances. As we exit the Q3 we are well positioned to manage the capital needs of the business as well as higher capital expenditure requirements of Project Next Century. Now let me provide an update on Project Next Century. I am pleased to confirm that we have begun work on the West Hershey plant expansion. Excavation of the property has begun and we expect to begin receiving manufacturing equipment during the Q3 of 2011. We also anticipate initial production line start up during the Q4 of 2011 with continued rollout and implementation throughout 2012. The forecast for total pretax GAAP charges and non-recurrent project implementation cost remains at $140 million to $170 million. For 2010, total GAAP charges related to the program are expected to be $75 million to $85 million. By 2014, we can continue to expect annual savings of approximately $60 million to $80 million. In terms of the timing, savings from Project Next Century will not be realized until late 2011, with the majority coming in 2012 and 2013. During the quarter we recorded net pretax charges of $4.5 million for Project Next Century, consisting mostly of accelerated depreciation. Now let me summarize. We are pleased with our Q3 and year to date results. Our goal for the remainder of the year is to successfully launch new products, including Hershey’s Drops and Reese’s Minis, and to maintain our marketplace momentum as we exit 2010 and enter 2011. To support this objective we plan to increase full year advertising expense by 50% to 60%. In addition we expect to see some shift in 2011 seasonal orders in the Q4 of 2010 into the Q1 of 2011 due to the timing and refinement of shipments. As a result, we reaffirm our full year 2010 net sales outlook of about 7% versus 2009, including an approximate one point benefit from current foreign currency exchange rates. We have good visibility into our cost structure for the remainder of 2010 and expect input costs to be higher in the Q4. Despite this increase, adjusted gross margin is expected to be a bit higher in the Q4 but not at the rate achieved in Q3, as potentially subject to the volatility of dairy markets. Additionally we do not expect it to be as favorable as it was Q4 of 2009. Given our strong business results, we will make additional Q4 strategic investments in both the US and international markets that we did not initially plan. These investments will benefit Hershey both in the short- and the long-term. Aside from the aforementioned increases in advertising plans, these include acceleration and increase of insight-driven performance, additional selling and go-to-market strategies in both the US and international markets, and higher sampling to support new products and distribution. Given our continued momentum we have increased our full year adjusted earnings per diluted share outlook and expect to be in the $2.52 to $2.56 range, an increase of mid to high teens on a percentage basis versus 2009, and greater than our previously estimated range of $2.47 to $2.52. As we look to 2011, we’ll continue to focus on our core brands and leverage Hershey’s scale at retail. Advertising expenses are expected to increase in 2011, however the year over year percentage will be lower than the previous two years. Our current expectation for 2011 is for net sales growth to be within the 3% to 5% long-term target. While we anticipate higher input costs in 2011, productivity and cost savings initiatives are in place to help mitigate the impact. Included in our productivity outlook is a portion of the additional $80 million to $100 million we identified at Cagny. While we achieved more of these savings in the second half of 2010 than we initially estimated, primarily in cost of sales, the majority of these savings will still be attained in 2011 and 2012, although starting next year some of these savings will also flow through the SM&A line. Therefore, while still early, given our current views regarding business investments and cost structure we expect 2011 growth and adjusted earnings per diluted share to be within our long-term target of 6% to 8%. Let’s now open it up for Q&A.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery: Thank you very much, I appreciate it. The only question I had is when you look at the guidance for next year, clearly it’s been a period here of some pretty significant competitive share gain it appears, and you know, what are you sharing in? Are we seeing in that 6% to 8% guidance a thought that maybe some competitive activity would accelerate from Wrigley Master Foods, who seem to have been out of the market in a lot of places? Or what kind of competitive assumptions go into that guidance as you look forward to 2011? And to the extent that you can comment on anything different at the margins.
Dave West: Yeah, I think, Jon, what I would say is the view of the category that we talked about. You know, the category growth rate continues to be in the longer term. This is a 3% to 4% growth category; actually on a year to date basis it’s growing a little better than that 4%. So we would start with a category growth assumption and then within that category growth assumption say we don’t see anything that changes that longer term growth algorithm for 2011, and we would expect to be competitive with respect to programming and share. So in the Q3 here we were flattish on share. We’re still up on our share this year on a year to date basis, and we would expect that the gives and the takes in the marketplace are such that you start with that 3% or 4% assumption and assume we’re going to be competitive within the share gain. And that’s how you’d start the algorithm. There was a lot of activity in the Q3 which we had talked to you about in July that was around innovation from some of the competitors in gum and in chocolate, and that happened in the Q3. And despite that competitive activity and innovation we still were able to basically hold onto our share in the Q3.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery: Okay, thank you.
Dave West: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens, JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Good morning, everyone.
Dave West: Hi, Terry.
Bert Alfonso: Good morning, Terry.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Hi. Just a couple of quick things and then a more general question. In Q4 do you expect kind of the inflow you’ve identified from the Q3 to roughly equate to the outflow you’ve talked about for Q1?
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, I think that’s the way to think about it, Terry. I think when we talked to you at the end of the Q2 call we were still looking at some Valentine’s and Easter shifting out of the Q4 and into the Q1 of next year. That shift still happens but it’s now offset in the Q4 by a little bit of Halloween that moved out of September into October. So I think what you’re seeing is that those two things now offset each other in the Q4 number.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Okay. And Dave, we have a source that’s occasionally right on C-stores, not always. So we were looking at roughly around 6% growth in the C-store channel during Q3. Is that close to what you guys saw?
Dave West: Our growth was not quite that, Terry. We gained some share in the quarter. I think on a year to date basis we’re still feeling that the C-store is outperforming most of the other classes of trade, but we didn’t see that kind of 6% number.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Okay. And then just more generally, and I guess this question always comes up, the cash flow of course looks very good here. I guess you guys do have a bond that expires this year and maybe a note next year. But could you just give us your general thoughts on allotment of cash flow here?
Bert Alfonso: Yeah. We’re obviously pleased with our cash flow, and we have cash on the balance sheet now which wouldn’t have been true last year where we were still in the commercial paper market. We actually do, in terms of our bond maturity we do have a bond maturing next year and that’s in 2011. And so obviously we’re already thinking about that given that it’s already moved from long-term to short-term position on the balance sheet. Cash flow continues to be good. I already mentioned we’re about current on our share repurchase program with respect to replenishment of stock options. The question that always comes up obviously is around buyback and that may be what you’re insinuating – it’s a discussion that we could potentially have with the board and we continue to have that. And we have other options in terms of cash use. So we’re pleased with where we are from a cash flow perspective, working capital and otherwise, and a strong gross margin growth, and we’ll take the appropriate actions going forward.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Dave West: Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Your next question – Alexia Howard, Bernstein.
Alexia Howard – Bernstein: Good morning, Alexia Howard from Bernstein here. I’d like to hear a little bit more about China and India. I know that you talked a little bit about it earlier on. Are you actually able to comment on what percentage of sales those two markets are expected to contribute in 2010? And what kind of lift are you getting on the quarterly numbers in terms of how much they’re contributing to sales growth year on year? And maybe just more broadly or qualitatively, what lessons have you learned and what do you see as the biggest opportunities in those two markets?
Dave West: Yeah, I think we have made some investments outside of the US pretty broadly – Asia is a place where we are and have got things. We’ve invested in some go-to-market capabilities with respect to the way we’re distributing and selling in both India and China. I think that the international growth rates added, let’s call it 100 basis points of the growth in the quarter to our growth rates. Again, that’s across the board. The Q3 in China particularly is a seasonally light quarter because we ramp up for the Chinese New Year which is in the early part of next year, and that ramp up really starts in September on. So there’s not a lot of activity sales-wise in China in the Q3. We spent some time building out distribution and we’ll support our brands in China in the Q4. When I talked about the incremental advertising spending that we’re having in the Q4, China is one of the places where we are certainly adding some sampling and some support behind our brands. And as you think about our plans for 2011 on a go forward basis, we would expect that the non-US businesses would be added to the top line growth rates for next year as well.
Alexia Howard – Bernstein: Great, thanks very much. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question – Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Thanks, and good morning everyone. Just a couple of quick ones and I apologize if you covered some of this; I had to hop off during your prepared remarks. Just on sort of your initial outlook for 2011… You’re going to have very tough comps against 2010 on the top line, so what is it in particular that’s giving you the confidence that you can still sustain what’s going to be pretty robust top line growth next year? Is it the advertising levels, the promotion, or the work you’re doing around some of the Mounds and Almond Joy-type brands? What is it that’s driving that?
Dave West: A combination of things in the US in particular. Our innovation, we’ve launched Pieces earlier this year and that has done very well, but remember we have the Hershey’s Drops and the Reese’s Minis that will ship in December, and so that innovation becomes additive for us next year. And we have other innovation in our pipeline for 2011 that we feel very good about, and so that will be an added component on us for next year. We are advertising and added some GRPs across a number of brands this year. We are in the Q4 increasing the GRP levels on Mounds and Almond Joy and York, and then we’re adding some advertising support across Payday and Hershey’s Syrup for the first time since 2001. So that will add to, we think the impression of the brand. And then we are also continuing to look at better sales force execution and we’re gaining some distribution points in the convenience class of trade as we’ve brought on the extra resources this year. So we have a number of additive levers that we’ve invested in this year, and we’ll start to test insights-driven performance which we are investing in here pretty significantly in the back half of the year. It’ll be more in a pilot form next year; we think it’ll help us as we get set up for the latter part of ‘11 and into 2012.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay, you actually answered my other question in that. I appreciate it, I’ll pass it along.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow, Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Hi, just a couple questions. You talk about the investments in the international business – is there any chance you could give us just a little bit on how dilutive you think investment in international is going to be for the next couple of years? And then also your market share gains are great this year but they are slowing, and yet you’re dialing up advertising, and you have a huge increase this year in advertising. Why wouldn’t these gains be more sustainable? Or do you just think the competition is having a good at it in Q3 and now you’re going to launch your new products and that will kind of reverse it the other way again as we head into the next couple of quarters?
Dave West: Those are good questions, Rob. Let me just give you some perspective. On a year to date basis, FDMXCW – so that’s that kind of 80% of the universe. So I’m talking year to date, our takeaway is up 4.7%. So that’s a fairly solid nine months or through Q2 takeaway. And if you look at the Q3 takeaway, we were up roughly 3.5%. So our FDMXCW takeaway was 3.5% and we held share within that 3.5%. So we still are seeing 3.5%, pick a number – 3.5%, 4.5% category or takeaway growth, so good numbers. Within the Q3 we were sequentially much better in the drug class of trade for the first time in a number of quarters. We actually gained share in drug – we talked about 3.2% takeaway and a 60 basis point gain in share in drug. We were very pleased with the sequential improvement in the mass retailers, and in convenience we held and gained a little bit of share as well in the quarter. Where we lost share, the one area which I talked about was we lost a half of a share point in food off of a 2.5% takeaway gross, and that’s really where we lost the merchandising in the Q3. We had talked about some new items that some of the other chocolate competitors were coming within the Q3. We lost the merchandising in food and we also moved away from a promoted price point on one of our pack types that we didn’t like, particularly much in food – that wasn’t as profitable for us. So when I think about the business overall, in the Q3 still good category growth rates, although a little bit more of a share skirmish. And remember, our innovation comes in the Q4 in the form of Reese’s Minis and Hershey’s Drops. So overall the category is still growing very well, we feel very good about it. We’ve got volume returned in this category and I think the growth rates are pretty good. So the advertising, it’s working on the brands we’re putting it on, and then we’ve significantly added some advertising spending. We’ve been fortunate to be performing pretty well here the last few years within the US business, and as that US business has performed well we’ve taken advantage of the opportunity to go off and take the demand landscape learning that worked so well for us in the US, and we’ve used that learning in Canada, Mexico, China, for example – and what we’re now doing is accelerating our investment in go-to-market capabilities as well as in brand building in those markets. So we’ve absorbed that type of ramp up in spending in the international markets in our results over the last two years, and when we talk about next year we also see similar kinds of investments in international within the long-term 6% to 8% number that we gave you. So we’re able to continue to grow our earnings base and still do those international investments.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: You don’t want to give us a number on the dilution effect.
Dave West: Well just to be clear, and in our prepared remarks we said it, that operating income, the only market outside the US where we saw operating income growth was Canada. We had operating income declines in the rest of the markets. So it clearly has a dilutive effect for us but as I said we’ve been able to absorb that in our core businesses in the US and particularly in Canada with the invested levels, and we see ourselves able to do that again next year and into the long-term, as we talked about that 6% to 8%.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Well, thank you very much.
Dave West: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Good morning, everyone.
Dave West: Good morning.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Can you talk about the timing between advertising spending and the incremental sales growth? What I’m trying to get a sense of is, when Hershey spends a dollar on advertising how do you assess or how do you expect to get the incremental sales growth? And just the timing of how that works, because you are spending a lot of advertising and I would expect it to kind of have an implication for 2011. So if you could just bridge that a little bit, that would be helpful.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah. I would say, and I think we’ve mentioned it before – we take a pretty disciplined approach in terms of our ad spending, and so we keep a keen eye on how we think about ROI. Clearly brands with scale are the ones that will give you the better ROI. So you’re right – there’s certainly a lag effect in terms of advertising spent today and brand building in consumers’ minds and purchases in the future. So as we think about Q4 spend in particular, we do expect them and we have our own internal calculations about how that impacts the first couple of quarters of next year, and certainly there’s a positive correlation. We look at those ROI numbers on a brand basis, on a monthly basis as well, so it’s not something that we do at long intervals – we keep a constant review of what that ad spend is. When Dave mentioned Syrup and Payday, which we haven’t had on air since 2001, certainly there was a lot of analytical and work done around that, done beyond that to determine whether those were the right two brands to put on air and at what levels. So the only other thing I would add to that which is a different dynamic is in international markets ROIs certainly are lower, and that goes back to the scale comment I made earlier – the larger the brand, the greater lift you’re going to get simply based on that scale. And so the international markets are more about long-term brand building, but in the US the payouts are much more immediate and they normally, as we think of it, come in the next couple of quarters.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: How many more brands, and I know you won’t tell me which ones, but how many more brands do you have that have significant underinvestment, similar to like a Payday or the Syrup? It sounds like, are you coming to the end of that and then you’re going to move on to the internationals? Or is there still some runway in terms of the non-chocolate confectionary side.
Dave West: We never think we’re coming to the end. That sounds like a… Let me rephrase that. We’ve gotten good investment on the majority of the brands that we would expect to see good lifts. We’ve been able to accelerate some of them. We certainly were able to do Mounds, Almond Joy and York earlier this year based on the successes that we had back in 2009, and we’re able to do Payday and Hershey’s Syrup a little bit earlier than we would have expected. So maybe another brand or so, and with respect to international in the last two years we’ve already made those investments. I think Bert mentioned a number of about 65% or so increase in ad spending in the international markets outside the US in the Q3. So that’s already in our numbers, and so when you see the increases in advertising as we kind of roll through the year, what we are doing is really accelerating some of the strategic plan work that we were doing with respect to the demand landscape work that we’ve shared with you to get to some of the brands that we think we can activate pretty smartly, because they have some unique characteristics. And then in the international markets I think we’re applying some of the really good learnings from the US and doing it a little quicker than I think we expected we would have gotten to it.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Great. I really appreciate it, thanks.
Dave West: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jason English – Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, guys. Jason English here. First, I just wanted to say that I think some degree of congratulations is in order for pretty solid results in this quarter and year to date, particularly in light of what we’re seeing across food land. But now my questions do turn to some of the outlook and how you keep the momentum going. Inflation’s obviously a concern. I think you guys are calling it out in your press release; you mention it as a potential headwind for next year. As you lay out guidance this year, what degree of inflation are you guys contemplating within that?
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, in terms of our cost basket and you’re right – we’re certainly anticipating, just based on our internal estimates and the visibility we have for next year already – we certainly expect that commodities, as an example, will be ramping up next year in terms of cost. We’ve got an awful lot of productivity programs behind providing offset there, and in terms of gross margin we don’t expect to repeat the type of performance that we had this year in a more benign commodity environment. So we’re continuously looking for ways to offset that inflation within the manufacturing space, but there’s no doubt that inflation is a headwind next year compared to this year. We have it built into how we think about the top line and bottom line and we still believe we have leverage in the P&L to be able to achieve within that 6% to 8%, but the composition of next year’s cost basket is certainly more inflated than this year.
Jason English – Goldman Sachs: Well, thank you for that. Is it possible for you guys to quantify what you’re thinking in terms of range? And you mentioned that you’re also thinking about the impact on top line. Can I interpret that to mean you’re contemplating some pricing moves to help you mitigate this?
Dave West: We’re not going to comment on pricing at all. I think Bert’s comments were really around the input costs in terms of inflation, and our cost basket is frankly a bit different than some of the other folks in the food space. We’re bigger buyers of cocoa and sugar and dairy than, and we’re not in the grain complex nearly as much as always, so I’m not sure our inflation assumptions would be translatable for you. And for competitive reasons we’re not going to get into kind of a blow-by-blow, commodity-by-commodity. We do expect that our basket will be higher overall but we do have very good productivities in place to offset some of that. So that’s how we’re planning our business for 2011.
Jason English – Goldman Sachs: Very good, one more question and I’ll pass it on. I think through the first half of the year you mentioned that your trade spend was running below initial expectations. Has that changed and do you see a need to bring more trade spend to market?
Bert Alfonso: The rate in the Q3 was about flat versus the prior year’s rate. In the first half of the year we had actually been a little bit favorable on a rate basis, and when we had gotten, in the Q2 call we had said that that would have likely abated when we got in the back half. So the rate is roughly in line with what it was a year ago. And again, I think when you see retailers will choose what price points they want to run particularly the seasonal events at. So far what we’ve seen year over year at Halloween in the marketplace is the price is roughly equivalent on a promoted basis to what it was a year ago.
Dave West: I mean the back half is always a little more, if you want to call it, intensive simply because it does have a hard seasonal component, but we’re not seeing anything that’s a lot different than what we anticipated.
Jason English – Goldman Sachs: Cool, thanks guys.
Dave West: Thank you.
Bert Alfonso: Thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar, Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Good morning, everyone.
Dave West: Hi, Andrew.
Bert Alfonso: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Just a quick follow-up, a little bit from the one you just had. Some food companies, when they think about their long-term sort of top and bottom line growth algorithms, they’ll say “Our attempt over time is to either offset inflation through pricing such that we have our productivity and whatnot to fund and drive the top line,” or “We attempt to offset inflation through a combination of pricing and cost saves,” what have you. And I don’t know – I can’t, maybe, I apologize if I just can’t remember. Have you gotten that granular around your long-term growth algorithm and ultimately how you anticipate handling inflation over time?
Bert Alfonso: We actually have not given out that level of specificity, and I think one of the reasons we’re a little more conscious about giving that level of detail is where the only ones in the confections space who are giving certainly a public announcement, and competitively we’d like to keep our, particularly our commodity strategies a little bit more close to the vest. I think in principal, Andrew, what you’re saying is absolutely correct – over time you would like to offset and pass on the appropriate increases in your cost basket. We have been particularly aggressive I think within our supply chain, obviously with the global supply chain transformation project that we completed, where we closed seven facilities and built a new one in Monterey, Mexico. We have what we’re calling Project Next Century where we’re working very hard to continue to improve the efficiencies of our plant here in Hershey, we’re building a new facility here and we’re going to invest a couple hundred million dollars here in our home market. So we look at those productivity programs as well as just better efficiency in the business by focusing on the core to have given us the flexibility to meet the issues within our cost basket as well as our investment needs. But on a go forward basis I think in principle I would say we’d like to be able to deal with input pressures and eventually be able to pass those along to the consumers as appropriate. But I think the other thing that’s somewhat unique about our category is that it is so promotionally intensive and so much of it moves on merchandising – it’s really less about list pricing and how consumers think about promoted price points over time. And those are a little harder to move; they tend to move in bigger increments than simple list prices. So there’s an algorithm for us that may be a little bit more difficult to implement because of the significant portion of our business which is seasonal and merchandised in that way. So we have historically as a category tended to move in bigger increments in promoted prices than you maybe would see in other categories, but we do over time expect that we’d like to pass on those kinds of costs.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: That’s helpful and I appreciate that. I mean I do recall that in the last one that you took a while back, you did move the promoted price point, and the move in that one was much more dramatic, whatever it was – a 20% to 25% kind of move.
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, 20% to 25% is correct.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Dave West: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman, Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everybody.
Dave West: Good morning, Eric.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay, a couple of questions, I guess, just to keep on that same theme but not to beat a dead horse. You know, the last time the category raised prices so aggressively I would say there was more elasticity than I would say was initially expected. And I think Dave, you suggested that the premium end of the category is still kind of flatish or not keeping up with the mass part of the business. So does that kind of suggest to you that putting through a price increase would be pretty, would be met by a fair amount of elasticity given what you see from the consumer segments within confection?
Dave West: I think, Eric, let me just clarify my point. Premium and trade-up, when you look at it in aggregate is about, roughly flat for the year. Those two segments are not contributing, on a combined basis they’re not really contributing to category growth. It really still is very much a mainstream story. I think when we did take our pricing action that we announced in August of ‘08 and implemented really in ‘09, and it spilled over a little bit into early 2010, we did see volumes return a little more quickly than we would have expected from our modeling. So we were very encouraged by that. What we all have to continue to monitor is consumer behavior and where consumers are today, and how they’re thinking about value. One of the beautiful things about our category is it is an approachable luxury and/or indulgence at a time when consumers are looking for that. So the category dynamics right now, as I said we’ve got good growth in the category. It’s a very volume-oriented category and people are playing the innovation approach right now in the category. We feel very good about that. So we think the category growth rates are strong where they are. I don’t want to talk very much about forward pricing. I think one of the other factors you take when you look at pricing is what’s happening around you in the entire rest of the basket? And I think there seems to be some inflationary pressure retailers are talking about, and it looks like some other folks are also in other categories are going to need to do some things. So that’s also a big factor. Are prices in any category moving up by themselves or are they moving up in context to the entire basket? So all of those things I think would impact the way the modeling works for us. You know, we clearly model it out constantly, and I think what I would say right now is we’re pretty comfortable with where our business is and that we’ve got volume returning, and beyond that I don’t think I’ll comment any further on anything that’s happened in the market.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay, I appreciate those comments. Just moving to, I think it was Ken’s question, but I think the last time I heard Hershey talk about getting more aggressive with Payday it was kind of towards the end of the growth story. I think you tried to position that as a sports kind of bar or something along those lines, and that didn’t work. And so I guess I just point that out in that you do have the new drops and bit-sized stuff that seems to be working. I mean is the next move kind of an enrobed product which you don’t really have in your, let’s say quiver? Because as I said before I think the drops and stuff is kind of like a bite-sized M&M’s type product and the one thing that you really haven’t been successful at is putting out something that competes with a Snicker’s or a Milky Way, or something along those lines.
Dave West: I think the reference you make to positioning Payday as an energy bar, we had a product that we marketed as Payday Pro which had higher levels and more grams of protein in it. That’s not the product we’re talking about. What we are talking about here is supporting the Payday bar itself. We haven’t had advertising on that on air since 2001, and we think Payday is uniquely positioned in the demand landscape work that we have in our portfolio, that it doesn’t really interact with much else that we have in the portfolio. So we think it’ll be pretty incremental for us. We do think that the Minis and the Drops launches – the Hershey’s Drops and the Reese’s Minis launches – will be good launches for us. We’re excited about them and we will support them with advertising unique to those items. And we have other innovation that’s planned for 2011 which we’re not at this point in time going to reveal to you, but again, we are very anchored in the demand landscape in terms of what’s incremental to the portfolio and where white space is in the category. And I think we’ll share some more of that when we get into the early part of the year, probably at Cagney.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay, and if I could just ask one last one, and this is a bit difficult to ask but I’ll go for it anyway. You moved and created a new facility in Monterey, and all you hear about of that city is pretty tough conditions. Is that something to be concerned about? Like is that a facility that you use for the export market or does that come back in here? Or do you have the capacity utilization to meet demand if things get worse there as opposed to better?
Dave West: The facility in Monterey, Mexico, it is producing product for the US market. We have embarked, I think like many of the companies in the Fortune 500 and beyond on a pretty robust enterprise risk management or ERM program. Supply and sourcing is one of those things that’s in that, so this is something that we continuously look at – source of supply, not just in Monterey but throughout our network. We have experienced no issues in Monterey with respect to our manufacturing facility and we haven’t experienced any issues bringing product across the border, etc. As a matter of fact, that project went very well for us. It achieved its milestones. The productivity that we got from that back in ‘09 and closed out this year is very strong. So we’re pleased with how that’s gone. You know, it’s no different than any other supply situation. You continue to monitor your inventory levels but it is something, as far as an ERM program you’d look at. But we are pleased with where we are.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll, Citi Investments. Your line is open.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: Okay, thanks a lot. Good morning, everyone.
Dave West: Hi, David.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: Most of the questions have been asked, just a couple of follow-ups. On commodity inflation for 2011, Bert, can you just comment on whether or not you feel good about your visibility into the cost structure for 2011 at this juncture?
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, David. What we said towards the end, or at least what I tried to communicate towards the end of my prepared remarks were that there certainly is more commodity inflation. We haven’t experienced as much this year as we thought; in the Q3 we’d thought we’d have some higher commodities. I mentioned that, and it was really kind of flat. We think that changes starting in the Q4, it starts to move up and we see some of that continuing. Certainly at this time of the year we start to get some regional visibility in terms of next year. We’re very focused on being able to say more about that later on, and also very focused against the productivity programs, of which right now… You know, we’ve mentioned the Cagney program – that starts to deliver even more next year, not just on cost of goods but also below that. So at the moment we feel pretty balanced despite the fact that we expect certainly commodity prices to be higher for next year, and just to put it in perspective the only comment I made was that this year our gross margin as we all know as really been terrific. We don’t expect to see that next year but right now we have reasonable visibility, we have good visibility not just on the cost factor but also on the savings. So we don’t provide an inflation number, and we will provide more color on that the next time we get together. But we’re pretty pleased with where we are right now.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: On the productivity savings, you have a number of different programs, and frankly I don’t think you guys ever just give us a summation of it. But when I do it I think it’s about 3% of cost of sales for 2011. Is that about the right number when you add up all the different productivity programs you have going on?
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, we have a couple of things as you’ve mentioned that are out there. And when we think of continuous improvement, it’s a year in and year out program – it’s not a special program. And that’s intended to, I think as we referred to earlier, it’s intended to approximately offset our inflation. The program that we unveiled at Cagney which focuses more on non-manufacturing productivity and cost savings through procurement is separate from that, and it’s intended to be – at least in 2011 and 2012 – 2x the normal productivity. So if you think about our continuous improvement being an attempt to offset inflation, and we think we can do approximately 2x that, you would assume that ‘11 and ‘12 has a higher level of productivity if you exclude obviously Next Century, which doesn’t provide a whole lot of savings in 2011 – those savings really come into ‘12 and ‘13.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: That’s very, very helpful. Last question is for Dave. Dave, when you talk about the international markets, I’ve always had the expectation that one of the things you could do to really enhance your growth there would be to gain some distribution through some acquisitions. Can you comment at all on the visibility you have on the pipeline of deals that are out there? Some of the other companies, like TreeHouse and so forth, they really have some color. They don’t comment on timing or where it is, because I know that’s something you want to keep close to the vest, but can you give us any general parameters? Is it reasonable for us to expect that you will be out there in the acquisition market, trying to add on to those international franchises that you do have?
Dave West: You’re right – I won’t give you any additional parameters. I think we’ve been pretty clear that the Latin American and the Asian markets are where we’re focused. We have good cash flows – that’s one of the ways we would look to redeploy those cash flows, and we’re going to do a disciplined look at what’s out there. And beyond that I wouldn’t comment. We continue to be very encouraged about the organic growth of our international businesses in those markets around the world, and if you can find something that bolts on and makes sense we certainly are interested. But you know, I wouldn’t give you anything in terms of timing or any of those other things because you know, those things are always so opportunistic.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: Great, thank you so much.
Dave West: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Palmer, UBS. Your line is open.
David Palmer – UBS: Thanks. Hi, guys.
Dave West: How are you?
David Palmer – UBS: I’m wondering how you’re thinking about the impact to price per volume from innovation. Obviously we have Drops and Minis coming, and you’re going to be pushing in certain channels, packaging, price points; in addition I’m guessing there’s going to be some promotion spending up front that might ease through 2011. So any color that you can offer about how this might impact your mix in the coming quarters would be great.
Dave West: Yeah, I think if you think about what we did when we did the Pieces launch… We have done a very good job, our sales force executes very well in terms of getting those items to market. We had the Pieces, and some of the newer items but really Pieces in the Q1 of this year really added almost two points of growth for us into the top line. And that’s been more like a point of growth from there on, and when you get to something like you know, Minis and Drops, they’ll build meaningfully volume as you build pipeline here in December and into the Q1, and then they’ll continue forward. In terms of mix, the Reese’s Minis and the Hershey’s Drops will be in both take home stand-up bags as well as in king-size formats on the front end, so I think from a mix standpoint it probably looks similar to what the rest of the portfolio would look like, although we are very excited about the ability to get some hand-them-out activity on our biggest brands, Hershey’s and Reese’s, which we haven’t had. So we hope that it’ll become a very good instant consumable item in convenience and front ends of the stores. I think as I said, in the Q3 innovation was additives for some other folks in the category who came with their bigger brands and did some innovation. Ours happens to come in the Q4 and the early part of next year.
David Palmer – UBS: And separately, your net debt is dropping to less than one turn of EBIDTA. The old Hershey, I think particularly after a nice move in the stock would show up with a big repurchase of a slug of trust shares, and that seems like a million years ago. But my gut is at this point, strategic investments, acquisitions are at the top of the menu. Any comments now that we’re getting to these levels on net debt about how you’re thinking about investments going forward?
Bert Alfonso: Yeah, I wouldn’t give any more color than we’ve already given. I think Dave’s right – M&A is certainly high on our list. It is opportunistic. We’re fortunate to be in a balance sheet situation where we have those alternatives, and we’re looking at all of them and considering them going forward. So certainly we want to put our balance sheet to work and I really wouldn’t comment more than that.
David Palmer – UBS: Thanks, guys.
Dave West: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Seranno, Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Eric Serrano – Wells Fargo Securities: Morning.
Dave West: Hi, Eric. How are you?
Eric Serrano – Wells Fargo Securities: Not bad. Most of my questions have been answered, but one area I wanted to follow up on was you commented on the sequential improvement in one of your large mass customers. To what do you attribute that improvement? Was it things going on with the customer that we’re largely familiar with? Or was it something Hershey-specific? And did you actually pick up any incremental display space with that customer?
Dave West: I think I’d probably rather not comment specifically on anything other than as we’ve gotten into the September/October timeframe in most places, and as we get into Back to School/Halloween, we’ve done a very nice job of executing and getting into that season with good merchandising programs. And I think it’s across the board with the exception I think of the food class of trade where we didn’t get that kind of merchandising in the quarter but we got it everywhere else. So I think it’s really a factor of Back to School, Halloween and some decent traffic. And I’d leave it at that.
Eric Serrano – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then just to follow up, Bert, on your comment for gross margin 2011. I was a little bit unclear when you said something to the effect of it wouldn’t be quite as strong as 2010. Were you commenting that gross margin would be directionally down or that we just wouldn’t see the massive gross margin improvement that we saw in 2010?
Bert Alfonso: It’s the latter. We really haven’t commented on the direction for gross margin but it’s certainly what I was trying to imply, that it wouldn’t be, you wouldn’t expect the same types of increases and gains that we’ve had this year. We’ll provide more color as we get a little bit further down in the year in terms of how we see that gross margin.
Eric Serrano – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, the rest of my questions have been answered. I’ll pass it on.
Dave West: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Hi, good morning guys.
Dave West: Good morning, Bryan.
Bert Alfonso: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Just a question on phasing for next year, just want to make sure I’ve got a few of the things are that Easter I guess will be later. So just I guess if you could comment on how that will impact things, just having the Easter season be longer. Is that maybe a positive lift for sales in the Q2? And then also in terms of, just as raw material increases, go through next year – is there anything we should think about in terms of timing? Is it any more of less of an impact in a certain time of the year? And then also in terms of the way that you’re expecting to manage the flow of cost savings – again, is there anything there that we should think about on a year on year basis?
Dave West: I’ll make the comment on Easter. Most of the Easter, the products are, the majority for all intents and purposes are shipped in the Q1. It is a longer Easter season and therefore you would expect us to probably have more Easter shipments than we would, but as we talked about Valentine’s and Easter moving out of the Q4 and into the Q1, one of the reasons is because Easter’s a little bit later. I think what you would expect though is to see some, it’s really an anomaly, an aberration in takeaway. Because as Easter gets later into April when you look at Q1 data and Q1 market share, the category might look a little slower than normal because the stuff feels later; Easter is large component of what happens in that March/April timeframe. So I think market share and takeaway might be more affected by the later Easter, but I think shipments will still fall within the first quarter. With respect to productivity, if you’ll remember we got the last slug of global supply chain transformation productivity in the Q1 of this year, and then we don’t see the Next Century Productivity until the Q4 of 2011. So those are the two big buckets. Other than that we are on a standard cost system, so essentially the cost increases that Bert talked about would get spread largely across the year based on as volume flows out. So you kind of come up with an average projected price for yourself on a standard basis and it just flows throughout the year. So for the most part most of that commodity gets absorbed, and the commodity increases Bert talked about would just get absorbed across the year with a couple of caveats around the supply chain stuff.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Okay, and then just anything else notable in terms of phasing that we should think about in terms of the quarter?
Dave West: No, I don’t think so. At this point I think we’ll give a little more clarity on that as we kind of close out this year and get into next year and January.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Dave West: Thanks, Bill. Take care.
Operator: There are no further questions at the present time, sir.
Mark Pogharian: Alright, thank you for joining us for today’s conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available for any follow-up questions that any of you may have. Thank you very much.
Dave West: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Humberto Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Pogharian -  David West - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and President of North American Commercial Group
Analysts: Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley James Targett  Robert Dickerson Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey's (sic) [Hershey] Company Second Quarter 2010 Results. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Crissy. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company's Second Quarter 2010 Conference Call. Dave West, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I, will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10-K for 2009 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on the corporate website, www.hersheys.com, in the Investor Relations section.  Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheet and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP, within the note section of the press release, we have provided adjusted pro forma reconciliations of select income statement line items quantitatively reconciled to GAAP.  As we said within the notes, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP, rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings, excluding certain items, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations.  We will discuss our second quarter 2010 results excluding pretax charges. The 2010 charges related to the Project Next Century and the Godrej Hershey goodwill impairment charge, while the 2009 charges are associated with the Global Supply Chain Transformation program. These pretax charges were $86.2 million in the second quarter of 2010 and $42.7 million in the second quarter of 2009. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of these net charges. With that out of the way, let me turn the call over to Dave West.
David West: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Results for the second quarter were solid. Net sales increased a strong 5.3% and adjusted earnings per share grew 18.6% as core brand continue to perform well in the marketplace. These high-quality results are driven primarily by volume, regained U.S. market share in the second quarter and are pleased with how our brands continue to respond to the investments we made.  Overall, the Confectionary category remains healthy, increasing at the high end of its historical growth rate. Investments in the category in the form of advertising and/or innovation are present from most major manufacturers. Given the high household penetration and the impulsivity of the category, as well as affordable price points, we believe retailers will continue to value the Confectionary category. As a result, we would expect the category to continue to consistently secure key merchandising space and programming.  As reported in the IRI and Nielsen's syndicate data, our U.S. retail takeaway and market share performance for the most part has been balanced across channels. Growth has predominantly been driven by volume gains as consumers have migrated to higher retail price points. This is allowing us to continue to be efficient with our trade promotion dollars, as trade promotion rate was about flat versus year ago during the quarter. Similar to Q1, this is better than our initial expectations. This is noteworthy in the context of the volume gains we've achieved in 2010.  Now let's take a look at retail takeaway. The IRI and Nielsen data in the second quarter encompasses the period from March 21 to June 12. In 2010, Easter occurred on April 4, and in 2009, on April 12. While the first quarter of this year benefited slightly from an earlier Easter, the timing did not materially impact our second quarter marketplace performance. In fact, we gained share in both the first and second quarters. My remarks related to marketplace performance include seasonal data in all periods.  We're pleased with Hershey's marketplace progress. Total U.S. CMG, that's candy, mint and gum, or total category retail takeaway for the year-to-date period through June 12, for the custom database in channels that account for over 80% of our Retail business, so here, I'm talking about food, drug and mass, including Wal-Mart and convenient stores, so on a year-to-date basis, was up 5.6%. Excluding Wal-Mart, Hershey's year-to-date FDMxC retail takeaway is up 5.1%.  Hershey's second quarter retail takeaway for the 12 weeks ending June in FDM, including Wal-Mart and convenience, was up 4%. Excluding Wal-Mart, Hershey's FDMxC retail takeaway was up 4.1% in the 12 weeks.  The launch and rollout of new items such as Pieces is progressing nicely. And in the second quarter, again, new products were a net positive to the top line, about a one point contribution to our overall net sales growth. We gain market share on all classes of trade, except drug, which, as expected, was down but sequentially improved for the second quarter in a row.  Hershey's seasonal Easter retail takeaway increased, up 6.7% and sell-through was solid, as we gain Easter market share of 1.3 points. Our market share in the ski season expanded to over 37%.  Similar to the last few quarters, our performance was driven by the core brands upon which we are focused. Specifically, in FDMxC, the combined retail takeaway in Hershey's, Reese's, Hershey's Bliss and Hershey's Kisses, Twizzlers and Kit Kat brands increased mid-single digits. York, Almond Joy and Mounds, brands that we have just started advertising in January, posted FDMxC retail takeaway up in the low-double digits, excluding the Pieces' new products.  Now for some further details. In the food class of trade, confection category growth was 5.4% in the second quarter. Hershey's retail takeaway in this channel exceeded the category, driven by chocolate, up 7.7% and non-chocolate, up 5.9%, resulting in a total market share gain of 0.5 points in the food channel.  In the convenience store class of trade, the CMG category growth rate accelerated in the second quarter, as the category grew 3.3% versus 2.3% in the first quarter. In the second quarter, Hershey's Easter takeaway increased for the ninth consecutive quarter and was up 5.4%, resulting in a market share gain of 0.5 points.  In the second quarter, Hershey's C Store chocolate and non-chocolate takeaway was up 8% and 4.5% respectively, driven by volume and mix as both standard, loose and king-size pack types perform nicely. Strong in-store merchandising and programming, driven by the Ironman movie tie-in and the Coca-Cola and Reese's joint promotion, drove balanced growth across core brands.  We believe the category will continue to grow in C Stores. Category dynamics, as well as investments by CMG category participants, continues to drive variety, news and excitement and thus, category growth.  As we have exited the second quarter, the targeted number of C Store associates were on board to deliver the overall 8% increase in in-store hours that we plan for 2010. As a result, we expect our C Store business to maintain its momentum in the second half of the year.  Looking at the overall category, CMG continues to grow within its historical range, that's 3% to 4%. In FDMxC, here, excluding Wal-Mart, the CMG category grew 3% and 3.9% respectively in the second quarter and year-to-date. We are gaining share with our roughly 4% takeaway.  Hershey marketplace performance is tracking nicely and selling, and merchandising initiatives are in place for the second half of the year. In pace of category of new product introductions in the marketplace is picking up in 2010, that the mix of in-and-out products, as well as permanent items. We have concentrated on the latter permanent items and feel very good about our base business, current new product performance and our upcoming December launches.  As we look at the remainder of year, we'll continue to focus on the strategic whole-model initiatives that are driving the business. This include in-store focus to sell and display activity, new innovation on our Reese's and Hershey's franchises, increases and greater frequency of quality merchandising and programming, and further core-brand advertising investments.  I'm pleased that the merchandising and programming in place for the third quarter, including to name just a few, the Reese's LOVES YOU BACK promotion, where we'll be giving away up to $2 million in cash prices. Consumers went instantly as they open specially marked Reese's product and include the game Piece worth $25 or $100.  With the Twizzlers, are Irresistible Summer promotion to win money towards a summer vacation and they have the combined Almond Joy and Mounds contest to win a grand prize trip to the Caribbean, and we will continue our summertime S'mores programming, as well as the launch of our Halloween programs.  During the Global Sweets and Snacks Expo in Chicago at the end of May, Reese's Mini Minis and Hershey's Drops were broadly displayed. Customers are excited about the December launch of these new products, which will be available at both the king-sized instant consumable items as well as a resealable stand-up pouch.  We continue the strategic work we discussed related to Insights Driven Performance or IDP. We are engaged in working with select retailers to understand their specific opportunities and how to jointly leverage them to our proprietary business techniques, capabilities and category management insights.  Additionally, advertising expense will now increase 45% to 50% in 2010. This is greater than our previous estimate of a 35% to 40% increase. Due to timing, the majority of this advertising will not be broadcast until later in the year, and we expect this impact on net sales to occur primarily in 2011. This pattern of investment is similar to what that which we executed in the later part of 2009 and which has clearly aided our strong start to 2010.  Lower-than-planned trade promotion expense and earlier-than-expected achievement of a portion of the productivity savings discussed at CAGNY Conference in February, both of which we largely achieved in the second quarter, will offset a portion of this additional 2010 advertising investment. The acceleration of advertising in 2010 allows us to reach desired on-air continuity levels on many U.S. brands faster than our initial expectations. It also enables us to invest at higher levels in key international markets.  While it is premature to offer specific 2011 details, we expect advertising to be up year-over-year in 2011, however, not nearly at the level of the last couple of years. The brand investments we've made have traveled well internationally. Where we have made investments internationally, our brands are responding. Following macroeconomic challenges of last year, our business in Mexico is performing well this year and our business in Brazil, which underline a restructuring in late 2008 and 2009, is performing nicely, as is, our business in China. We continue to grow in India, although we have not gained traction as quickly as we planned. The Indian market remains a strategic growth market for the company.  The non-cash goodwill impairment charge we announced today reflects revised and achievable growth targets for the business. They have been developed given the increases in local input cost, primarily sugar, the macroeconomic environment, which slowed distribution expansion plans and the slower implementation of products targeted at new price points that we had planned when we enter the joint venture in 2007. We will continue to apply our global confectionary know-how and strong balance sheet and cash flow to actively invest in India and other existing international markets, as well look for new opportunities in key strategic geographies. Our flexibility to acquire, and our partner leaves us with many potential opportunities, which we will pursue in a disciplined manner.  Let me wrap up. Our brand continue to perform well in the marketplace. We have solid relationships with retailers in all channels, including select mass customers and value formats. Recently, we received Supplier of the Year Awards from a large mass customer and a national convenience store for the economic value that Hershey brings to the retailer and consumer. We will continue to build on these relationships.  The CMG category continues to grow and it is being driven by volume gains. Macroeconomic challenges still exist. However, we feel good about the prospects as the Confectionary category is unique. It's highly impulsive, it's a destination category, especially in the second half of the year. It's expandable and profitable for the retailer and affordable for the consumer.  There are some seasonal shifts out of Q4 2010 into Q1 of 2011, and Bert will have more on this shortly. Despite the shift, the brand-building investment initiatives we have in place are expected to drive net sales growth at the top end of our long-term net sales target for the balance of the year. Therefore, for the full year 2010, we expect net sales growth of about 7%, including an approximate one point benefit from foreign currency exchange rates.  For the full year, we have good visibility into our cost structure, and expect to achieve adjusted gross margin and adjusted EBIT margin expansion that will result in adjusted earnings per share diluted in the $2.47 to $2.52 range, an increase of the low- to mid-teens on a percentage basis versus 2009. I'll now turn it over to Bert, who will provide some more detailed financial information.
Humberto Alfonso: Well, thank you, Dave, and good morning to everyone. Hershey post another quarter of quality results as second quarter consolidated net sales of $1.233 billion increased 5.3% versus the prior year and adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.51, increased 18.6%. Overall, results were driven by sales volume increases, price realization from lower U.S. markdown, list price realization outside of the U.S. and supply-chain savings. These items more than offset higher input costs, increased marketing investments and a higher effective tax rate of 37.7%, that was 940 basis points above last year's second quarter.  Investment spending in the latter part of last year has resulted in a good start in 2010 as demonstrated by our financial results in the IRI and Nielsen market share data. Similar to last year, solid first half results have given us the financial flexibility to increase brand building initiatives in the second half of 2010, while delivering on our previously communicated financial commitments.  From a margin perspective, the year has progressed slightly ahead of expectation. And as we communicated during the first quarter call, full year adjusted gross and EBIT margin expansion will be driven primarily by first half results. Over the remainder of the year, our adjusted gross margin will improve at a slower rate, as we have now achieved all of the global supply chain transformation savings, lastly August 2008 price increase and expect input cost to be higher in the back half compared to last year. Adjusted EBIT margin will be slightly down in the second half of the year, reflecting increases related to various growth initiatives, including advertising and investments in go-to-market capabilities as well as our work in IDT.  In addition to that, second half of the year will be impacted by sales mix, as this period is driven more by seasonal SKUs and take-home pack types that have a somewhat lower margins than our instant consumable brand. I'll provide further details related to the outlook in my closing remarks. Overall, we're pleased with our financial and marketplace performance, given the volatile commodity markets and the continuing pressures facing consumers.  Now for some of the details. The second quarter sales gain of 5.3% was driven primarily by U.S. core brand volume increases, new products, lower returns and markdowns and growth in our International businesses. Favorable foreign currency exchange also contributed approximately one point of growth. We also shift slightly less Halloween in the second quarter of 2010 versus 2009, impacting the top line by about one point.  During the second quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 540 basis points, driven primarily by sales mix, supply-chain efficiencies, some of which are related to fixed-cost absorption as volume was greater than a year ago and supply-chain productivity improvements. These margin gains were partially offset by higher input costs of about 60 basis points, reflecting total consolidated cost increases for raw materials and packaging. We have good visibility into our cost structure for the remainder of the year and expect continued adjusted gross margin expansion in 2010, although at lower rates than year-to-date.  Second half adjusted gross margin expansion was slow as a result of input costs are expected to be higher, mix has impacted to the higher seasonal pack types versus Q1 and Q2, trade promotion efficiencies expected to subside, given the higher seasonal merchandising in the back half and we do not expect LIFO inventory accounting to be favorable as it was in Q4 2009, which at that time contributed about $12 million.  Second quarter adjusted income before interest and income taxes increased 32.2% resulting in adjusted EBIT margin expansion of 350 basis points to 17.1% from 13.6% last year. This was driven primarily by higher adjusted gross margin, partially offset by higher advertising expense of about 50% or 200 basis points. Selling expenses and other marketing expenses as we added more U.S. in-store hours and continue to build global capabilities and hire employee-related administrative and legal cost.  As Dave stated earlier, we continue to invest in our core brand and expect full year advertising expense to increase from 45% to 50% in 2010, and this is greater than the previously communicated estimate of 35% to 40%.  Due to timing, the majority of the added advertising, we'll broadcast in the latter half of the year, therefore we expect it to have a greater impact on net sales in 2011. But despite these advertising increases, as well as the timing of other growth initiatives, we expect adjusted EBIT margins to increase for the full year, although it will be slightly lower than 2009 and the remainder of 2010. We believe that business investments we are making will enable us to maintain momentum as we close out 2010 and enter 2011.  Now let me provide an update on our International businesses. On a reported and constant-currency basis, net sales increased in our key international markets, including Canada, Mexico, India and Asia. Overall, our referred international sales increased low-double digits.  On a reported basis, including FX, where profitability improved across the majority of our international markets in Q2, we're going to continue the necessary investments in increasing brand awareness and driving trial, including higher advertising in Q3 and Q4 in certain international markets.  The Godrej Hershey joint venture remains a focus business and is a strategic growth market. We entered India in 2007, when global financial markets were more positive and business valuations were generally richer. But the change in global macroeconomic environment, we have adjusted our plans for in-country expansion, the implementation of new price points, the launch of new products and portfolio rationalization. We believe that the revised outlook is more inline with how we see the business going forward, although it does require us to record a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $45 million or $0.20 per share diluted.  Despite this charge, this has not changed how we feel about the business or the Indian market. Going forward, we plan to apply some of the same consumer-oriented demand landscape learning that we have successfully executed in the U.S. and other markets including India.  Now moving down to P&L. For the quarter, interest expense is relatively flat coming in at $22.8 million versus $22.7 million for the period. For the full year 2010, we expect interest expense to be in the $90 million to $95 million range. Adjusted tax rate in the second quarter was 37.7% due to the timing of certain tax events and the related accounting, although we continue to expect the full year tax rate to be about 35%.  In the second quarter of 2010, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were $230.3 million versus $228.5 million in 2009, leading to adjusted earnings per share, diluted of $0.51, up 19% versus year ago.  Now let me to provide you a quick recap of the year-to-date adjusted results. Net sales increased 9.7% in the first half, adjusted gross margin was 43.2% year-to-date versus 37.4% last year or 580 basis points higher. Gains were driven primarily by sales mix, net price realization, productivity improvement and supply-chain efficiencies. Adjusted income before interest and income taxes increased 40%, resulting in EBIT margin gain of 380 basis points to 17.6% from 13.8%, and advertising increased 59% year-to-date and earnings per share, diluted in the first half, increased 42% to $1.15 per share.  Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the second quarter, net trading capital decreased versus last year's second quarter resulting in a cash inflow of $16 million. Accounts receivable was up $49 million, and we continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging, which remains extremely current and of high quality. Inventory declined by $39 million and accounts payable increased by $25 million.  In terms of other specific cash flow items, capitalizations, including software, were $39 million in the quarter. For 2010, we are targeting total capitalizations to be in the $190 million to $210 million range. This range includes base business CapEx of about $150 million, plus project and expense-free CapEx of approximately $55 million. Depreciation and amortization was $46 million in the second quarter, including accelerated depreciation of approximately $1 million. Therefore, operating depreciation and amortization was $45 million.  For the full year 2010, we are forecasting total operating depreciation and amortization of $175 million to $185 million, while accelerated depreciation and amortization related to Project Next Century is estimated to be $10 million to $15 million.  Dividends paid during the quarter were $71 million. We did not acquire any stock in the second quarter related to the current repurchase program and there remains $100 million outstanding in that authorization. During the quarter, we did repurchase $69 million of our common shares in the open market to replace shares issued in connection with stock-option exercises. And year-to-date, approximately $133 million of common shares have been repurchased to replace shares issued in connection with stock-option exercises.  Cash on hand at the end of the second quarter was $249 million. This was up significantly versus year-ago period and relatively in line with the 2009 year-end balance. As we exit the second quarter, we are well positioned to manage the seasonal working capital needs of the business, which speak in the third quarter, as well as higher capital expenditure requirements related to the Project Next Century.  Now let me provide an update on Project Next Century. The forecast for total pretax GAAP charges and non-recurring project implementation cost remains at $140 million to $170 million. Note that this morning's press release appendix was updated to reflect the most current thinking and the expected timing of events. Specifically, we now expect to record $75 million to $85 million program charges in 2010. While this is a $25 million increase versus our initial estimate, you'll note that 2011 and 2012, there is a combined $25 million decrease. The changes due to the accounting timing of racked severance-related costs and does not change the timing of cash flow for the project. We're moving forward with our plan to have initiated construction in West Hershey, where our new facility will be built. While difficult, decisions made were necessary to ensure that Hershey has a flexible and cost-competitive supply chain. Savings from the project will give us the flexibility to make investments that will deliver core business growth and position us for the long-term success in the competitive confectionary marketplace.  By 2014, ongoing annual savings are expected to be approximately $60 million to $80 million, and in terms of timing, savings from Project Next Century will not be realized until late 2011, with the majority coming in 2012 and 2013.  Now let me summarize. Our goal for the second half of the year is to maintain our marketplace momentum as we exit 2010 and enter 2011. To support this objective, we plan to increase full year advertising expense by 45% to 50%. In addition, we will continue to invest in consumer insights and brand-building initiatives, as well as selling and go-to-market capabilities in the U.S., as well as other markets.  Therefore, we expect full year net sales to increase about 7%, including an approximate one point benefit from foreign exchange. While stock prices for some of our major commodities continue to fluctuate, we have good visibility into our cost structure for the remainder 2010, and expect gross margin expansion during the remainder of the year, although not at the same rate realized during the first half. We expect adjusted EBIT margin to increase for the full year and adjusted earnings per share diluted in the $2.47 to $2.52 range on a percentage increase of low to mid teens versus 2009.  Before we go to Q&A, I'd like to summarize some unique items that impact our financial results in the second half. And as you work on your models, please note the following: We expect a shift in seasonal shipping patterns from Q4 2010 into Q1 2011 to be greater than the similar shift that occurred at the end of last year. This will impact top line by a couple of points in the fourth quarter of 2010. Favorable trade promotion expenses should have abate going forward, as the second half of the year is driven by higher seasonal sales, which by nature, are more heavily merchandised.  In Q4 2009, LIFO inventory accounting was favorable and we do not expect this to repeat in 2010. As we've discussed, the revised advertising increase in Q3 and Q4, but also recall that investments in category management, selling capabilities and other global growth initiatives are also back-half weighted. Higher than earlier expected achievement of a portion of productivity savings discussed at CAGNY Conference in February will offset some of the higher-brand investments in the back half of the year. And finally, we continue to expect full year tax rate to remain at about 35%. We'll now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Terry Bivens with JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just on the gross margin, which came in considerably higher than we were looking for. Bert, I know you don't like to share a lot just in terms of where you are hedged, but I guess one question would be obviously this U.K. hedge fund that seems to have taken in a lot of cocoa beans. Can you give us kind of a roadmap at least for how you see input cost developing through the back half and possibly into next year?
Humberto Alfonso: Yes. Probably, we'll not comment so much on next year. It's a little premature for us during the mid-year to talk a lot about 2011. But what we did say is that our gross margin expansion was a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be, and some of that clearly comes from the better volumes. So that's giving us a better absorption rate to our factories. We've also had some lower markdowns. And that's helped as our seasonal sales have been better. And clearly, what we are seeing is a continuation of good productivity with our normal continuous improvement programs, but the second quarter, in particular, benefited from some of the productivity that we talked about at CAGNY. At CAGNY, we talked about realizing $80 million to about $100 million over the next two to three years, primarily in non-packaging and non-raw material areas. And so that includes logistics and other services, and we've had more traction on that in the second quarter than we expected. And so that's coming in a little bit faster in the year and giving us a better gross margin year-to-date. In the back half, one thing we wanted to be clear on is that we do continue to expect gross margin to expand in Q3 and Q4, and obviously for the year, but it would not be at the rates that we've seen in the first half of the year. With respect to commodities, we did mention that commodity increases do happen throughout the year. If you recall the first quarter call, we actually had a favorable commodity in terms of the way we accounted for dairy one year versus another, but we've seen commodity increases in the second quarter versus last year and that continues throughout the year and certainly dairy is one component of that, that continues. In terms of the cocoa news that you've seen, obviously, we followed very closely. We think it's unusual. Obviously, a very large purchase of beans by a hedge fund that otherwise would normally purchase financial products versus the commodity itself. Our commodities remain very volatile right now and we're starting to gain some visibility towards 2011, and we'll certainly be providing more information on that as the year progresses.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a quick follow-up on the marketing side, possibly for Dave. Dave, it does look as though the Mars, Hershey combination, we've talked about this a little bit before, has been, perhaps, less aggressive on the sales front than we might have expected. What are you looking for from that competitor for the balance of the year and into next year?
David West: You said the Mars, Hershey combination. I hope you meant the Mars, Wrigley combination because no one told me about that this morning. I would have probably would have filed an 8-K and I would've known. With respect to Mars, Wrigley and actually within the category, I think what you're seeing is increases in innovation, particularly you're seeing some of the competitors in chocolate, some of the other competitors in chocolate are a little more focused on some in-and-out type innovation. We are at focus a little bit more on permanent items, but within the chocolate part of the business we're seeing a little bit more innovation. And then in gum, between Cadbury and Wrigley, there is some innovation and some pretty good activity there. So we are seeing innovation pickup. I mean, we believe overall that's helping drive category growth rate in some of the volume in the category. As we look to the rest of the year, it becomes a seasonal -- seasons become a larger part of the equation and it's a destination category across -- but everybody in the category tends to benefit from the destination nature of Halloween and holiday. So our overall, we're seeing good gross margin expansion, we're seeing volume in the category, we're seeing better-than-historical category growth rates. So right now, we feel pretty good about how the category overall is positioned and most of the majors are holding their own and enjoying some pretty good growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: First, you're doing so well and your reinvesting a lot, which I think is logical given the competitive landscape. I think, I may have asked this question in the past, but I'm kind of wondering if you have any plans for, let's say, the more premium-oriented product where the company has struggled in the past. Right now, the consumers kind of favoring, let's say, your more mass-market oriented price points. But is there kind of a strategy in the background to just figure out a way to maybe capture your share when the consumer trades back up, if they do?
David West: What we saw actually in the second quarter for the first time in pretty close to two years, I don't give or take, but let's call it the last couple of years, we did see a little bit of growth in the premium segment of the market, kind of mid-single-digit growth for the first time in this quarter. The Trade Up segment was down a little bit actually in the quarter, but Premium was actually up some. So you're starting to see some, at least on some moderation in the Premium and the Trade Up segments. But most of the growth and most of the attention from the retailer and consumer remains in the mainstream segment. So from a programming standpoint and the actual current investment, you're seeing us really focus on mainstream right now, because we think that's where the bang to the bucket and that's where consumers and retailers are going. That doesn't mean that we're not working in our pipeline and in innovation on the Premium segment. We just don't think now is a particularly good time to be launching and investing behind that segment.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then maybe as a follow-up to Terry's question, to the extent that, I guess, a lot of soft commodities seem to be moving up, whether it's cocoa or sugar or coffee, what have you. Dave, I know you did a lot of work on pricing architecture. What's your sense on the category and your ability to take price up even though the industry or the category took very, very significant pricing over a couple of years?
David West: I'm not going to comment, Eric, on pricing. As we look out into the future. We have built very good -- You're correct. We built very good analytical model. We have just worked our way through the August 2008 increase. And we're driving pretty good gross margin expansion and now starting to get volume back to the factory, which is a virtuous thing. I think right now, we're pleased with how the category is growing and the kind of attention that we're getting from consumers and retailers. So we monitor commodities. We are hedged anywhere from three to 24 months out, but I'm not going to speculate on what pricing may or not may happen in the market is not appropriate.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank AG: And then just one quick follow up on Godrej. I guess I'm just -- is there any competitive issue here with Cadbury and Kraft, maybe doing more in that market and therefore your longer-term assumptions proved too aggressive and that's why you're taking the present value non-cash charge?
David West: Let me just give you some background. I mean, we bought that business and went into the joint venture in 2007 at a time when marketplace expectations on a number of fronts, including overall market growth rates, commodity markets, financial markets. We're at a very different place. And so as I think about when we set the initial assumptions for evaluation of that business, we set it up at a time in 2007 when I think there are a lot of frothy expectations around a number of things. Our key expectations of that business -- the two areas, I think the two biggest is where we fall in short from a marketplace standpoint was the brand themselves where and still are to a large extent, it's sugar confectionery brands, household names. In certain regions, we are expecting to get national a lot more quickly distribution-wise. And then the other thing is we were hoping through innovation to get to higher price points, by giving the consumer innovations. So moving off of the half a rupee price point and our rupee price point and up. And given some of the macroeconomic issues that proved to be a little bit harder than we initially expected. And then when you layer in on top of that the poor Indian sugar crop over the last 18 months, those three factors, I think, were where we missed in the model. The business is still growing. We're starting to see our plans in terms of getting the cost structure right, and the commodity market coming back. So while we're short of the initial expectations and the timeframe they were set, it still remains a growth market for us but I wouldn't read in anything competitively. Again, it's in the sugar confectionery part of the marketplace, not where Cadbury would have a strong chocolate position per se. So I would say it's a little bit more about how we set expectations for the business and we're able to execute. And I would say that that's not necessarily a marketplace phenomenon. It was more our inability to get some certain of the assumptions done.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Dave, I wanted to get little bit better understanding of the trade deficiency benefit that you saw in the quarter, how much did that help you in the second quarter? And then I think Bert talked about the second half, maybe that benefit waiting. So can you just give us a little bit of a magnitude in terms of how we think about that? And maybe just a little bit more color in terms of a lot of different categories. In food, you're seeing increased promotions and obviously in confectionery, that doesn't seem to be the case. So what is really the differentiating factor in terms of what you're doing and what the category is doing?
David West: Yes, Judy. Let me remind you -- let me just give a little setting of the stage. If you remember back in the first quarter, we actually had trade promotion rate below prior year. So we actually had two to three points of growth in the first quarter net sales that were related to having lower trade promotion rates. In the second quarter, our trade promotion rate versus year ago was roughly flat. And so we weren't lower, but it was better than our expectations going into the quarter. So for the first half, we have better trade promotion efficiency. As we get into the back part of the year, we're looking for -- that's probably not going to be the case. And if you think about it, it makes some sense because the second half of the year for us is much more merchandising intensive given the seasonal nature of the business. So I think what you're seeing from us, realistically, is we are investing in new items and were investing in our existing core brands with advertising. So our base velocities are increasing. And so when you look at the mix of base versus promoted, you're seeing us do a much better job with base and therefore on a relative basis, not as much promoted. And so I think that's one of the things in the category. And then the other thing is the category. Because it is such a destination category, we're going to continue to get good merchandising. And that's just a factor where that historically of it, the retailer knows that it's a consumer destination and we're going to get our level of display. And so I think it's just one of those virtues of the category.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just following up on that. So if you look at the second quarter, it sounds like the bulk of, really, the sales growth did come from volume growth. And as a think about the balance of the year, especially as you think about the fourth quarter shift into Q1 '11, are expecting the volume trend to even get better as the year progresses? And if that's the case, what should drive that improvement?
David West: Yes, it's interesting. I think if you dive in under the numbers, the base volume trend is actually about the same throughout the year. In the first quarter, we were up roughly 14% on the top line. We said half of that was price-related, so it's less price plus the trade promotion efficiency and a little bit of foreign exchange. So seven of the 14 then we realistically had in the first quarter, 7% volume. 2% of it is was a shift from '09 into '10 related to seasons. And then we got new products and base velocities that added up to about 5%. So our new products were a couple of points and base velocity is around 3%. That was the first quarter. Here the second quarter, we're up roughly 5%. Trade efficiency and foreign exchange add a point or two. And so when you look at base velocities, it's again around 3% to 4%. And we shipped a little less Halloween in the second quarter than we normally would, so base velocity between the new items are still that roughly 3% to 4%, same as they would have been in the first quarter. And then if you look at the second half of year, we don't expect to get any of the trade promotion or pricing efficiency that we got in the first half. We're talking about being close to the top end of our 3% to 5% long-term range for the back half of the year. So that would imply, again, the same kind of 4% to 5% from base volume in new items. Remember, we have the two new items in the back part of year on pipeline, which will be the Reese's Mini Minis and the Hershey's Drop. So I think throughout the year, you're going to see similar volume trends facing you across the balance of the year. And then the difference really is in the first half. We got better pricing trade efficiency.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Bank: When you're looking at your overall business, you've clearly been reinvesting very heavily in marketing and advertising and now, it's innovation in a more clip, and it's been working great. In terms of international or other growth vehicles, we talked a little bit about premium before. Are you guys sort of in search of other areas, ways that you could maybe spend more today to kind of create other lines for growth that might see your business and your growth algorithm a few years out? Or are you content with what you got here? I'm thinking that you have such a long run rate of growth and you feel so good about the domestic chocolate category that you are content to just keep on reinvesting in the core?
David West: We are investing in capabilities. Beyond simply the investing in the core and the advertising, we're investing in insight-driven performance, which is a new way to think about the category and drive insights and create some intellectual property. We're starting to do some experimentation in the investment in digital media. We continue to invest in go-to-market capabilities in the U.S. Retail coverage expansion, and go-to-market capabilities in some of the other international markets. So we're investing in core confectionery in a meaningful way, in capability building beyond just advertising. We remain a good generator of cash. We've been very clear that we'd like to invest that cash in M&A in a very disciplined way. And as assets come up, we will certainly continue to look at them and that's the way that we think we can continue to create value. I think we're very pleased that we continue to see very good returns on the investments that we've made in the core. And we see a lot more runway there so we're pleased with that, but we're not content with that only. We are looking at other avenues.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I didn't catch all IRI numbers, but my sense is just listening to it, was that the growth at mass merchandisers seem to decelerate to the growth rates more in line with the traditional grocery stores. I guess my first question, is that true? Did I catch them numbers right? And if so, is there a some sort of change that we should know about? Is the growth rate groceries coming up or mass merchandise are coming out? Just a little color on that would be helpful.
David West: I mean, if you think about it, our first quarter FDMxC, so food, drug, mass x Wal-Mart convenience, our first quarter growth there was about 6%. And when you look at it all in, FDMxCW, it was 7.5%. Again, that's the last quarter when we have price realization in those numbers. In the second quarter, FDMxC was 4.1% and then the kind of all in number, FDMxCW was 4%. So the category was a little slower in the second quarter than in the first and we didn't get any pricing, but still 4% for us. Pretty good. Those are our growth rates, I'm sorry, not the category. So overall for the first half, we're up 5% FDMxC and 5.7% FDMxCW. So you did see a bit of a slowdown in the overall math kind of customers in the second quarter. Food grew very nicely, so I think as you listen to the conference calls and other talk out there in the market, there seems to be a little bit of a shift back towards food and closer to home shopping a little bit more of the traditional pattern. Convenience store trips were up. As the quarter went on, we saw a nice improvement in convenience store traffic through the quarter. And then I think our Drugstore business is improving albeit slowly. So I think overall, that there was probably a little bit of a shift and it's consistent with what you would read externally in the news about kind of some of the traffic moving from mass and food being up a little bit. Convenience continues to look good. And then the drug and the club store, the dollar in club classes of trade continue to be very good. Our relationships at the major mass retailers continue to be very good. We did win an award at Wal-Mart for one of the more toward adding value to the consumer within. So we feel good about the relationships and overall the category growth rates still remains pretty good.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My next question is, I know on the chocolate, I think you said that there's a lot of runway. What's your thought on the runway on the non-chocolate confectionery? And what are the next brands that you expect to be advertising or do new price innovation behind that could even the portfolio a little bit in terms of the growth rate of the non-chocolate confectionery?
David West: Yes. I mean, non-chocolate is growing. We've actually invested very nicely behind the Twizzlers brand and that has responded very well. We do believe that there continues to be growth in non-chocolate as well as well as in chocolate. As we go through the rest of year, one of the things we're doing here is getting to continuity advertising on a number of other brands. You start advertising on the refreshment brand, the Ice Breaker [Ice Breakers] brand in the second quarter here. We're looking at adding potentially another brand, but I don't want to talk about which ones that we would add as the year goes on. But there is room for growth there, it's growing very nicely. And so we will continue to invest there. Twizzlers is the one that's gotten the most investment right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Could you just characterize what inning you think you are in terms of stepping up the ad spend and so forth? I mean I'm just noticing the results continue to come in very strong, and it seems like there was a predication to sort of spending back the upside and you're comfortable you can achieve a certain level of growth for this year and you seem to already want to get started on next year, but the ad spend levels are now really up there. So what's potentially going to happen over the next couple of quarters? I mean, do you have a line of sight on so many other things to do that you can keep doing this? Or is there a point at which upsides are going to start flow at the bottom line?
David West: Let me characterize it in kind of two different ways. Our first half sales growth rate is close to 10%. And we think that's reflective of really kind of getting fairly strong and aggressive in terms of our advertising spend in the latter part of last year. But particularly heavying up on some brands like Reese's and Kit Kat late in the year. Getting prepared, doing the preproduction work on brands like Pieces, Almond Joy, Mounds and York, and getting them on air right out of the gate in January of this year. So we think that leaning in to the advertising spend in the back half of last year is a large reason why we've been able to grow strongly in the first half of this year. And so we originally when we started the year, we're looking at growth rates on the top line within our the historical 3% to 5% rate. We're now closer to something around 7%. So if you think about the upside, which has really occurred here in the first half and then as we look to the rest of the year to the higher range of the 5%, we think that's really a lot about the way we've invested in the brand, the new brands particularly. And so as we've generated that favorability, if you will, if you think about the difference between the original 3% to 5% and about 7%, a lot of that would essentially have fallen through because our EPS when we started thinking about the year was in the 6% to 8% range. And now we're in the mid-teens range. What is a little bit more virtuous to us is the fact that not only have we gotten that top line, we've also got the productivity gains and a little bit more trade promotion efficiencies faster. So we've been very favorable in the gross margin versus our initial expectations in the first half, and what we're doing with that favorability is investing it. So the top line favorability if you think about it, let's say, it's fallen through but the gross margin favorability we've decided. We've got gross margin favorability in the first half, we're investing it in SM&A programming in the second half with the belief that we're still getting good ROI on our marketing spend. And therefore, as you continue to virtually circle and help up us get cold 10 facts and get off to a good start on the top line in '11, we're going to go heavier getting towards continuity programming on a lot of the brands we're already on. So some of the brands we started such as the York and Mounds and Almond Joy, looking at the copy on some other brands starting digital and getting from international spending going here in the latter part of the year, we're getting to those continuity levels on those brands a lot faster. So as I said in my remarks, as we look forward into next year, you should see a much more normalized level because we've gotten a lot of the brands on air and to continuity levels a lot faster. But we think at this point in time, it's the right time to do it. At the time when the consumer is looking towards our category for value and some indulgence and when retailers are looking forward to us because we have a relatively attractive entry price points and we're a destination category, we think it's the right time for us to invest into the brand. And so far, so good. We are seeing good ROIs and so we think it's the appropriate thing to do.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And this is a quick follow-up. Can you remind me, what's the issue with the drug channel?
David West: I think, if you think about what we did in the drug channel back in 2004, '05, '06 even into '07 and what our business model was, our business model was based on distribution growth and variety, in and out type products. That was our business model. And we were very effective in the drug class of trade in those years. They embrace that business model, and then when we kind of step back and relook at the business model and went much more towards a poor-oriented advertising based system, that didn't match up as well with their go-to-market strategy. And so while we got great traction in some other places as we move more towards the full strategy, the one class of trade where our business model was out of step with what they were trying to do within drug. We took a period of correction as we took a lot of items out of the system and have managed our way through that. There's also a class of trade where we don't have retail coverage, so it's a little hard for us to correct for the new business model and get the retail right as quickly as we normally would've like to. We still have very good relationships. These are large customers. It's turning sequentially for us. We're feeling good about the direction we're headed in. But it's just was the one class of trade where I think it took us a little longer to get the new model in place.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I wanted to know though, the confectionery category goes through cycles and I think, sometimes Hershey's taking share and sometimes, Mars is taking share. And I just think that your company has made excellent investments in product quality, advertising and go-to-market strategies. And I just want to get your sense, Dave, of what's the duration this time around? Do you think you've kind of invested and laid the groundwork for something that could last for a couple of years, especially given Mars-Wrigley, this so-called integration really hasn't been much of an integration. And if so, is there any reason why couldn't, for the next couple of years, kind of outpace the long-term growth rate that you've laid out in your algorithm?
David West: I think what we feel good about what we're doing is the way we're investing in the brands. We think we're getting brand awareness higher. We think we're getting our penetration rate higher on most of the brands in our portfolio. That's the long-term healthier situation for us to be in. Innovation is starting to be [ph] and a lot of the competitors are coming into the market with innovation, which we think because of the way the category works, it's an expandable category and the consumer has a number of brands that are acceptable to them on the menu. We think that those kind of things will expand the category. And so this is not a category because of the expandable on the way it gets merchandised. It's not a zero-some gain kind of a category. So we think that it is a way that we could see category growing at greater than historical 3% to 4% growth rates in the U.S. business. But again, everything is against a macroeconomic backdrop of consumer confidence as well as retailers. There's a lot of retail channel issues and blurring out there. And so it's not the most certain time in the world that we think what we're doing is the right investment. We continue to feel good, we set our long-term growth algorithms back in the middle of '08 at 3% to 5% and 6% to 8%. That was against very volatile commodity backdrop as well as a very volatile macroeconomic environment. That hasn't really changed. So we've been pretty transparent about our ability in the short term to be ahead of those numbers, and will continue to be very transparent about that over the long term. And I think there will be a time that we'll get a little more clarity here, as we head towards 2011 and beyond to give a little bit more of certainty around our model.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: And then if I could drill down to just one element of what you've invested in. You mentioned the IDP program at CAGNY, and you said that the capabilities of that or you might be able to extend that even further in 2011. Can you give us kind of an update on what you've done so far? How many retailers are you working with there, and have you expanded in that to more retailers since then?
David West: We have expanded to more retailers. We're also working very, very hard to build out a really, really robust capability set. We talked about it. We mentioned the Snacks and Sweets Expo in Chicago, which is a very large kind of U.S./global show where we talked to a number of customers about the sweetened [ph] capabilities. We are in the process of building out capabilities, learning how to do this and collaborate with customers. We have a number customers that we're testing with feeling good about the initial work, and we'll get some benefit from the upfront kind of pilot customers in '11 and it will be much more meaningful as you get to '12. But I think right now, one of the investments we're making in the back half here in the SM&A line will be around capabilities, insights and making sure that we're building them out. We're feeling good about progress. Obviously it's a long way to go, and we think we're building something pretty cutting-edge, so it's going to cost us a bit of time and money but we think it's absolutely the right thing to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: As we're thinking about 2011 and some of the key sort of puts and takes that you'll be facing. One, obviously there are more board-level decisions but it's sort of the use of cash flow, which has been very, very strong. Without getting into specifics, I guess, I'm trying to get a sense of if we're thinking about '11, how should we think about that? Even if it just kind of priorities or where do you think you're likely to use more of that cash. Whether it be share repurchase based on what you're seeing around, acquisition opportunities or potential partnerships globally, is there one way or another that you would sort of point us the specifics to '11 or on how we ought to think about some of that cash being used?
David West: Let me try to put that in a couple of different bucket, and that's a good question and one that obviously we pay a lot of attention to internally. I mean, if you look at last couple of years, the one thing that hasn't changed is we continue to generate strong cash flow. And that's been something that's obviously helping us very much in the business. There has been some change in terms of the profile with respect to cash. And so I talked about the fact that we had about $250 million of cash on the balance sheet. Last year, in a pretty volatile economy, we chose to pay down short-term debt and we sort of pretty much gotten out of the commercial paper market at this stage. We did increase the dividend earlier in the year by 7.5%. And so going forward, we think there are a couple of ways with the board's counsel, we think about the cash. Certainly, one is the new Next Century requirements. And so there will be some requirements that wouldn't have been prior to that discussion in terms of capital and some of the cash requirements of Next Century. And we think we certainly have those well in hand. But given the level of cash flow that we generate, they've already talked about it. We do believe there could be M&A opportunities and we're actively trying to pursue some of those that could give us expansion into the geographic areas that we're already interested in. And so that certainly is on the list. And then as we build cash and the fact that we are out of the short-term debt market, questions around further dividend increases and maybe even buy backs is certainly on the agenda for the board and management discussions. So I think those are the major buckets to think about. And right now, we're very pleased with the continued good cash flow of the company. And we're very happy with the credit rating that we have and they give us the ability to have those types of flexibilities in those areas.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: One last one. This is I think more industry-wide. I'm just curious, and this gets back a little bit to the pricing discussion more from an industry perspective. But, Dave, a lot of food companies have talked a little bit recently about should we see some reinflation in commodities, perhaps that's one of the leading indicators to kind of get the industry to take the foot off the commercial gas pedal a little bit because obviously, it's been pretty intense recently in a lot of categories. Obviously not necessarily yours specifically. But I'm trying to get a sense of how realistic in general you think that thought processes is in the sort of next couple of quarters, particularly in light of the level of productivity that all these companies are generating. They can kind of cover 3%, 4%, 5% input cost inflation from that alone, and realistically given where the consumer is, where the retailer is, I'm trying to get a sense of what your sense of how realistic that is. I mean broadly speaking not necessarily to your category.
David West: I think I don't really want to engage in hypothetical kind of conversation around pricing or input price. I guess what I would say, Andrew, is the consumer remains kind of fragile. And it's tough out there to find volume. We're very pleased with the way we've gotten volume in the category here. And I think the good news for us is merchandising for us as a category kind of comes naturally because we are such a destination event seasonally throughout the year. So I think that's one of the things that makes us, maybe we're even a little bit of an outlier in terms of this conversation because we are such a destination category. One of the things that makes us so attractive is that we're going to get displayed just because it's what we're offering as a category. If you think about it is what retailers and consumers are looking for, a fairly attractive entry-level price point, a destination and event marketing. And those are the things, I think, that most retailers are trying to provide and most consumers are looking for in their shopping experience. So we're somewhat advantaged and we might be an outlier in the form of the conversation you're talk about, about how to drive merchandising and volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess a follow-up to Andrew's question. What we've seen in especially the food class of trade is retailers promoting out of their own pockets, right? So soft drinks have been really promoted pretty heavily this summer, for instance, and a lot of that funding has come from retailers and the motivation there is to drive traffic. Since you're a destination category, you would think that for retailers thinking that way that maybe they'd promote confections more aggressively around the holiday or at least going into the fall. So can you just talk about whether that's been a conversation with retailers or a topic of conversation with retailers, and just your perspective on the potential for retailer-funded promotion in the second half.
David West: I guess, what I would say is we took a pretty significant price increase back in August of '08 at the least. And we also saw a category promoted price points move up pretty strongly in 2009. Consumers have clearly started to adjust to those price points because you're seeing volume and the category come back at pretty good levels. So I think that the over arching dynamics here is that we are seeing volume in the category at what our higher than historical promoted price points. So as you go to the back part of the year as a destination category, there's going to be Halloween display. There's going to be holiday display. There's S'mores displays for our business, for example. Those are already destination events that are out there from a retailer perspective. So I think, again, the confectionery category because it is a unique destination category is already going to get that kind of display. Some retailers will make their own choices about what price points they may or may not want to go market within. I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment on the individual conversations about their go-to-market strategy. I think as I said in our remarks, we're pretty pleased about the kind of attention the category's getting from both retailers and consumers. We're investing in our brands behind that. I wouldn't want to comment on which specific retailer may or may not be doing it. It's really up to them and their go-to-market strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Targett from Consumer Equity Research.
James Targett : I just wanted to just get back to the thought about the International business. I'm just wondering if the experience in India had changed your view on how to go about expansion in new international markets in terms of geography, route to markets and suitable product? And then I just wanted to come back to the IDP initiatives this year and just trying to get -- can you give us some sort of color on how the retailers have responded and when we start seeing some benefits?
David West: I think we've learned some things in India. As I said, I think from a timing perspective, it was when we bought that business and with our partner Godrej in 2007, we had a set of assumptions about some macroeconomic, some commodity assumptions and also when you think about valuation assumptions in '07, they're probably a little different than you might see today. So I wouldn't read into the impairment charge or anything other than with the business that's still growing, I think we've learned a lot since 2007, if you will about go-to-market capabilities. So since 2007, we've done some things in Brazil and in China on route to market and have some learning there. And we've also done some great learning I think in certain markets like Mexico, for example, and China about the consumer demand landscape and how that ought to work. So I think we have learned a lot since that acquisition itself. And that's clearly going to be applicable to how we think about growth of the markets around the distribution capabilities, innovation capabilities and the ability to get products to market. So I would say we have learned quite a bit and will apply it not only on the businesses we're ready in, but as we look at M&A in the future about how to think about valuation and modeling on the way in, so we'll be very disciplined about that. So that's the learning. With respect to IDP, as I've said, retailers have been very receptive to the conversations. I think the thing that we're the most pleased about is that we are building collaborative relationships with retailers. We're talking about data in a different way, sharing data in a different way than we would have in the past. Much more strategic in our mutual approaches to it. And really, trying to find the intersection between -- we talk about our consumers and retailers talk about the shoppers. They are one and the same. It's the same person. But when we talk about our consumer and they talk about their shopper, they have always tended to come out at much more on a trip mission basis and we've come out much more on a consumer demand landscape basis, and we're trying to marry those two things up. And I think what we've been very pleased with is as we start to exchange data, initially what we're finding is that there ways to win together. And actually kind of either satisfy unmet demand or be more efficient in the way that we are satisfying existing demand. So, so far so good.
James Targett : And just in terms of, I think you said the initial pilots should start showing some results in 2011. Was it really going to be 2012 before we start seeing the major benefits come through?
David West: I think the pilots are underway now. They'll impact some customers and key customers in '11 and then the broader learning really comes for '12, I think. We have some capabilities and some tools to build out to affect more of the market than just the pilots.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: Dave, I believe that Hershey is now hitting an all-time record gross margin for the quarter and projected for the year going back in my data, set all the way back to 1997 at least. So the question really surrounds gross margin and the outlook. Given the absolute level of gross margins, again for the quarter and the implied number for the year predicated on the EPS guidance. Big picture, three to five years out, can this keep going higher? Or are we going to be at kind of a steady state level on gross margins? Can you give us some color around this in your thought process as to the factors that will drive it?
David West: I think the biggest factor always on some levels, commodity prices and commodity fluctuations and volatility, David. And I'm not going to get into any kind of conversation around commodity one-year out, let alone three to five years out. What I will say is we've gotten great visibility into gross margin when we look in 2012 and '13 from the Project Next Century. So what you're seeing from a gross margin expansion standpoint right now is a lot of the Global Supply Chain Transformation has lifted the gross margin level on a systemic basis. And when get to Project Next Century and build that out in late '11, '12 and '13, you will also see the same kind of systemic lift. We're also starting to see some good expansion in our International business. That's not going to necessarily come at the same margin, and so that will always be a governor against what we're doing. But we've done things systemically that we think are pretty good in the supply chain. We are starting to also in the short-term here, capture some of the productivity that we talked about at CAGNY, which is kind of a non-raw material productivity, if you will. So we feel good about the programs, the continuous improvement programs and then some of the structural things going forward. They overlay obviously, that, that is commodity prices and commodity volatility and fluctuation. And again, just pretty immature to talk about any of that.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc: One follow up on all the questions on M&A. The Cadbury folks just sold their Poland and Romanian operations. Obviously, you didn't buy either of these operations and I'm just curious kind of what does this say about your international strategy? Did these operations even fit your thought process as to how you want to go about international expansion? Was there a price issue? And again, I'm just trying to get a sense for your desire to go off and make acquisitions to bolster the international operations of Hershey?
David West: David, you are correct. All I can say is we didn't buy that business. When we look at M&A, we talked pretty specifically about Asia and Latin America as being our focal areas. Obviously, Eastern Europe have some attractive emerging market kind of characteristics as well. We continue to look at places where we can add value. We're going to do it in a disciplined approach. But I think the focus areas for us are clearly Asia, Latin America and yes, Eastern Europe is interesting but it's not been the one that we'd certainly prioritize in front of Asia or Latin America.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Dickerson from Consumer Edge Research.
Robert Dickerson: I just have a question. It's probably similar to number of questions that have been asked, and I know there's a lot of discussion around the M&A and where you would you focus on M&A regionally. But just a step away from you specifically as a company and what area you would focus on and where you could add the most value and see the most benefit. Obviously, we understand that the confectionery category in the U.S. is going about 3% to 4%, which is great relatively but obviously, it's still growing faster than other developed markets. So I'm just curious, like over the next five years on a global basis, whether it's Asia or Latin Am or Eastern Europe like you said, where do you really see the most growth coming for the category?
David West: I think overall, if you want to go back to our IR website and look at some of the growth rates that we've talked about, growth rates by region, if you will, in our CAGNY presentation. I think overall, population growth as well as emerging increases in GDP, as GDP grows in economies, one of the first places consumers trade up into for themselves is in confectionery. And so, we would expect that as Asian markets and certain Latin American markets continued to kind of come up with GDP scale and the population scale, you're going to see greater growth there than you would in certainly, in North America. North America is tended to grow a little faster than Western Europe. So I don't think there's any surprise if you would expect to see growth rates in Latin America and certainly in Asia at much higher rates than in Western Europe and North America.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Have you said what cash flow was in the quarter?
Humberto Alfonso: No, we didn't make a specific comment on cash flow. With respect to -- what we did say was we gained for another quarter on working capital, a little bit slower rate than what we had the last time around. Our cash flow continues to be very strong. I think if you compare it period-on-period, our cash flow was about flat versus last year's second quarter and a little bit down from the year end.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: And that's largely because last year, you had huge working capital benefits in the first half of the year?
Humberto Alfonso: That's correct. As you know, if you look at the pattern, we've really been improving cash flow for the better part of the last two and a half years. And we continue to have gains this quarter. Last quarter, I think our gains were somewhere in the $50 million to $60 million range. And in this past quarter, I think I mentioned it was about $16 million. So we continue to make progress there of taking out the inventory, as Global Supply Chain Transformation allowed us to operate a fewer facilities. So cash flow remains very positive for the organization, and the difference that you are seeing is a slowing on the working capital improvement.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: Now Bert, your stock is kind of under attack here and I don't know if its because of cash flow or not. But as you think about all the restructuring spending that you're going to have to do both on CapEx and cash charges and you look out for the next couple of years, do you think that you're working capital improvements will be sufficient enough to kind offset that? Or should we start modeling kind of a net income plus depreciation and then CapEx? And all the other spending that's happening, is that going to dampen your cash flow outlook for 2011 and 2012?
Humberto Alfonso: I think that's probably right in terms of for those years specifically. If you look at Project Next Century, clearly the heavier CapEx and restructuring charges are going to come some in '10, and we mentioned there are about $55 million of CapEx in 2010 for Project Next Century. And then we're going to be spending about 250 or so total for that project. So you will see some impact from that in the next couple of years. The savings kick in later. And the progress, so of the $60 million to $80 million that we talked about in terms of savings, you'll really start to see that in '12 and '13. So there is a period where cash flow will be a little bit lower than it probably has been in the last couple of years. Having said that, we think that that's the base cash flow generation capability of the organization, which in any given year is $500 million to $700 million prior to CapEx and dividends will continue to be the case. And we do see that increasing as the top line grows and as the peak in CapEx upsize over the next 18 to 24 months.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: And can you remind us what's the share repurchase program now? And what's the timing of it?
Humberto Alfonso: We have $100 million outstanding and that was part of the $500 million program that was approved toward the end of 2006. With a lot of the volatility that occurred sort of through '08 and '09, we have not executed against that $100 million. We did buyback about $130 million of shares in the open market in the first six most of this year. And it's our normal practice to buyback extra size stock options to avoid that dilution. So we still have $100 million, it's topic for our board discussion going forward. And our cash continues to build and as I said, I think we have well on hand the capital requirements and the severance requirements for Next Century. Certainly, dividend increases and buybacks are a topic that we will bring forward and discuss with the board.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
David West: Thank you for joining us on today's conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available for any follow-up questions that you may have.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian – VP Investor Relations  Dave West - President and CEO Bert Alfonso - Senior Vice President and CFO 
Analysts: David Palmer – UBS Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens – JP Morgan David Driscoll – Citigroup Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Bryan Spillane – Bank of America
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2010 Results Conference Call. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference. 
Mark Pogharian: Welcome to the Hershey Company First Quarter 2010 conference call. Dave West, President and CEO, Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO, and I will represent Hershey on this morning’s call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening, that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2009 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website www.Hersheys.com in the investor relations section. Included in the press release is a consolidated balance sheets and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP as well as and adjusted consolidated statement of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. With that out of the way I’ll now turn it over to Dave West.
Dave West: Hershey’s first quarter results were strong and reflect the momentum of our core brands in the marketplace. The global investments we have made in marketing and selling capabilities are starting to pay off and we see it in our reported results, retail take away and market share. Following three months into the year this high quality quarter has created the confidence and environment to allow us to deliver on both our financial objectives for 2010 while also making additional investments in our business, we’ll have more on this in a bit. In the first quarter net sales increased 13.9% driven by a balance of volume gains and price realization. Volume growth was the result of our execution in the marketplace and the ramp up of investments in core brand advertising and selling capabilities made over the last two years. Base business volume increased, especially in channels where we have focused resources; at c-stores, food, and select mass customers. Price realization can carry over seasonal pricing also benefited the top line. Recall that Easter performance also benefited from the previously mentioned shift in seasonal business from Q4 2009 into Q1 2010.  Looking at our retail take away, where we benefited slightly from the timing of an earlier Easter, remember in 2010 Easter occurred on April 4 and in 2009 it was on April 12. Therefore, the reported IRI and Nielsen data as of March 20, excludes the last two weekends in the Easter period. Our custom database and internal estimates of the 12 retail take away figures closer to Easter and not yet released to you, are in line with our first quarter sales performance. We gained market share for the 12 weeks ended March 20th and while results are not yet final, Easter sell through appear solid and we will again gain market share in this key season. I’m very pleased with Hershey’s marketplace performance. Total CMG (Candy, Mint, Gum) category retail take away for the 12 weeks ending March 20, for our custom database, in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business, so here I’m talking about food, drug, mass including Wal-Mart, and convenience stores. That take away was up 7.5%. Excluding Wal-Mart, Hershey’s FDMXC retail take away was up 6.1%.  Both of these amounts include Easter seasonal sales. If you look at excluding Easter sales, giving the timing changes, so excluded from the current year and the year ago period, Hershey’s FDMXC without Wal-Mart retail take away was up 4%. We gained market share when you include Easter or exclude Easter so both with or without Easter seasonal activity we gained market share. All in, including the seasonal activity, Hershey category market share in FDMXC increased 0.5 points. Our marketplace results were solid and improved across all channels. We gained market share in all classes of trade except drug which, as expected, was down but did improve versus last quarter. Our marketplace performance was driven by the core brands we have focused on. Specifically, in FDMXC the combined retail take away on Hershey’s, Reese’s, Hershey’s Bliss, Hershey’s Kisses, Twizzlers, and Kit Kat brands, these are the brands where ad spend is ongoing, take away increased about 10%. York, Almond Joy, and Mounds, brands that we just started advertising in January posted FDMXC resale take away up in the teens. Looking at the category, CMG continues to grow within the historical 3% to 4% range. In FDMXC excluding Wal-Mart the category grew 4.4%. Excluding Easter seasonal activity in the current and year ago periods the category FDMXC was up 3.3%. Other than Valentine’s there’s not a lot of pricing in that number. Valentine’s was a headwind for the overall category in the quarter. Total category sales for the Valentine’s season, the smallest of the four seasons, were down mid single digits as gifting was particularly soft. The decline was primarily driven by the drug channel where Valentine’s category gifting sales declined double digits. In the food and mass channels, Valentine’s category sales were about flat. Hershey’s overall Valentine’s retail take away was down and resulted in a market share decline of slightly less than one point for the season. Similar to the last few quarters, our marketplace results in measured channels were driven by our success in the food and convenience channels. The results are a function of the core brand advertising and strong selling, retail execution, and merchandising. In the food class of trade, category growth was 8.1% including Easter and a robust 7.3% excluding Easter seasonal activity from the current and year ago periods. Hershey retail take away in this channel exceeded the category both with and without Easter seasonal activity. Overall this performance resulted in the 0.5 point market share gain the food channel. Collectively the core brands that we’re supporting such as Kit Kat, Reese’s and Hershey’s drove this growth. Again, additionally we got very good early retail lift on York, Almond Joy and Mounds driven by the new advertising copy I mentioned earlier. Let me now talk to you about the c-store class of trade where the category was up 2.3%. In the first quarter Hershey c-store take away increased for the eighth consecutive quarter and our take away was up 6.2% resulting in a gain of one full share point. In the first quarter, Hershey c-store chocolate, and non-chocolate take away were up 9.1% and 5% respectively driven by volume and mix. Strong in store consumer promotions and merchandising drove balanced growth across the core brands. We believe the confectionary category will continue to see growth in the c-store channel as confections remains a strategic focus for these retailers considering about 50% of candy purchases are made on impulse and that candy is the number one category for cross merchandising opportunities in conveniences stores with over 80% of candy purchases made in conjunction with another category. Candy remains very profitable with the second highest gross margin in the c-store. As we look to the remainder of the year, our effort will focus on core brand growth across all channels. We will meaningfully add to and refine levels of advertising and support on many key brands. Our net sales, retail take away and ongoing ROI analysis demonstrate the soundness of our advertising investment. We have high quality copy that is working and it’s made even more impactful when coordinated with in store selling, programming, and merchandising. This strategy will continue to drive our business. We have already benefited from the good programming I just mentioned. Again this year in the first quarter our Reese’s NCAA Final Four Basketball event was a big success. In the second quarter, Reese’s will be one of the main sponsors of the Iron Man 2 movie. We’ll also kick off the summer time s’mores program in Q2 with Memorial Day promotions featuring Rascal Flatts. And just in time for summer movie releases the Hershey’s Kisses brand will anchor our Kisses movie night where we’re giving away a free movie ticket with multiple purchases of 10 oz bags of Hershey’s Kisses, Hershey’s Miniatures, Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups, and York Peppermint Patties. I’m also pleased with the launch and roll out of our new products and more importantly with the positive consumer reaction. In Q1 new products were a net positive for the first time in a number of years, contributing almost two points to our overall sales growth. The December launch of Almond Joy, Hershey’s Special Dark, and York Pieces is the primary driven of this growth. These results reflect our new innovation approach and discipline.  Retailers were pleased with this lineup and we achieved our distribution and trial targets faster than anticipated. Pieces will be supported throughout the year not only by product specific advertising on Pieces but also by advertising on the parent brands. We expect innovation to continue to be a top line driver and we’ll follow up the Pieces launch with the December introduction of Reese’s Mini Minis and Hershey’s Drops. As we’ve continued to demonstrate, we remain committed to doing the right things for the business in both the short and long term. Investments we have made are paying off and that is reflected in our overall performance over the last 18 months. Ace business momentum in the first quarter was greater than we had expected. As such, we now have the flexibility to deliver on our financial objectives while also making additional investments in our business both in the US and Internationally. Over the remainder of the year, primarily in the second half, we’ll intensify our efforts on existing strategic projects related to consumer and customer insights as well as category management techniques that will benefit the business over the long term.  Additionally, advertising expense will now increase 35% to 40% in 2010. We’ll increase advertising levels on some existing brands and in some geographies. We’ll also test ROI thresholds, driving techniques and expand our digital marketing capabilities. These additional investments were not included in the initial outlook we provided on February 2. Now to wrap up, we’re pleased with our Q1 performance. The strong start to 2010 similar to 2009 will fuel additional investment in the business in the second half of the year. We believe the additional investments we’ll make will ensure the category and Hershey continue to perform well over the remainder of the year and into 2011. The category continues to grow.  We have now completely cycled the August 2008 pricing actions and we’re seeing base volume growth. The overall macro economic environment appears to be getting better, albeit very slowly but it is still difficult to predict consumer sentiment and purchasing patterns. There are also some Valentine’s and Easter shifts out of Q4 2010 and into Q1 2011 and Bert Alfonso will give you more detail on this shortly. We see net sales growing comfortably within our long term 3% to 5% net sales targets for the remainder of the year. For the full year we expect 2010 net sales growth of at least 6% including an approximate one point benefit from foreign currency exchange rates. For the full year we have good visibility into our cost structure and expect to achieve growth and EBIT margin expansion that will result in a low to mid teens increase in adjusted earnings per share diluted on a percentage basis versus 2009. This expectation includes plans to meaningfully invest in our business throughout the reminder of the year. I’ll now turn it over to Bert who will provide some additional financial details.
Bert Alfonso: First quarter results were better than our earlier expectations with consolidated net sales of $1.4 billion up 13.9% versus the prior year, generating diluted EPS of $0.64. 68% EPS increase versus adjusted EPS from operations last year was driven by greater than anticipated base sales volume, net price realization, and new manufacturing efficiencies. First quarter sales gains were driven primarily by balanced volume increases in focused channels, new products, carry over seasonal pricing, and price realization related to trade efficiency. Several factors contributed to the volume gains, these include base business volume that exceeded expectations driven by brand investments and retail trends discussed by Dave.  The successful distribution and the launch of new products which exceeded expectations and contributed about two points of growth, and the seasonal shift we communicated in our fourth quarter call in January which moved volume from the fourth quarter ’09 to the first quarter 2010. In addition, our international business was up and foreign currency exchange was about one point of benefit. Dave already provided details to our marketplace performance, however, again I remind you that Nielsen data as of March 20th excludes the last two weekends in the Easter period for our custom database for 12 week take away figures closer to Easter are in line with our first quarter factory shipments leaving inventory at key distributors and retailers at desired levels. Turning now to margins, in the first quarter adjusted gross margin increased 630 basis points, this was driven by net price realization, supply chain efficiencies some of which is related to fixed cost absorption as volume was greater than year ago and better than expected versus our previous estimates and lower commodity input costs of about 130 basis points. The favorable commodities are an anomaly in the first quarter but are projected to be higher than prior year for the remaining quarters in 2010. We have good visibility into our cost structure and we’ll achieve the expected 2010 Global Supply Chain Cost savings of $15 to $25 million by the end of the second quarter. In addition, normal levels of productivity are on track and we expect gross margin to expand for the full year 2010 but not at the rate realized in the first quarter. EBIT margin increased 410 basis points in the first quarter as higher gross margin was only partially offset by advertising, up 67% or about 190 basis points, selling expenses as we added more US in store hours and continued to build global capabilities, higher employee related costs, and legal costs and advisory services related to our consideration of the transaction with Cadbury. We are planning additional increases in advertising for the full year and expect advertising expense to increase 35% to 40% in 2010 which is greater than our previous estimate of 25% to 30%. Despite this increase we expect EBIT margin to increase for the full year driven by the first quarter gain offset by higher investments that will primarily occur during the second half of the year. Now let me provide a brief update on our international businesses. On a reported and constant currency basis, net sales increased with solid performance in Canada, China, Mexico, and Brazil. Excluding Canada, our international sales increased 14% on an organic basis including FX. This is in line with our five year CAGR that we shared with you during Cagny presentations. Profits increased in Canada but declined over the remainder of our international businesses as we continued to make necessary investments to increase brand awareness and drive trial. Moving down the P&L, for the quarter interest expense decreased slightly coming in at $23.7 million versus $23.9 million in the prior period. This was due to lower average debt balances. In 2010 we expect interest expense to be approximately $90 to $100 million. The tax rate in the first quarter was 35.8% considerably less than a year ago when the rate was 41.9% due to the timing of certain tax events. We continue to expect the full year tax rate to be about 35% and roughly 36% in the second quarter. In the first quarter 2010 weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 229.6 million versus 228.3 million in 2009 leading to EPS of $0.64 per share diluted. Now let me turn to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the first quarter, net trading capital decreased versus last year’s first quarter resulting in a net cash inflow of $65 million. Accounts receivable was up $80 million. The year over year increase was a direct result of higher sales and Easter timing. We continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging and it remains extremely current and of high quality. Inventory declined by $91 million and accounts payable increased by $55 million. Over the last two years we have made excellent progress on net working capital and at this point in time we would expect it to trend about at current levels for the remainder of the year. In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software were $36 million. For 2010 we continue to expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $150 to $160 million in line with previous communication. Depreciation and amortization was $47 million in the first quarter and in 2010 we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of $180 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $71 million. We did not acquire any stock in the first quarter related to the current repurchase program and there remains $100 million outstanding on the authorization that the Board approved in 2006. During the quarter, however, we did repurchase 64 million of our common shares in the open market to replace shares issued in connection with stock option exercises. Cash on hand at the end of the first quarter was $304 million up $50 million versus the year end balance. As it relates to our short term cash needs, the company is currency well positioned. Our cash flow continues to be strong and will improve as we grow earnings. Now to summarize. In 2010 our goal is to continue the current marketplace momentum. To support this objective we’ll continue to invest in our brands and businesses in both the US and international markets. We’ll focus our efforts on advertising, which we expect to increase 35% to 40% as well as consumer insights and brand building initiatives that should enable the category and Hershey to grow this year and into 2011. As a result, we expect net sales growth for the full year 2010 of at least 6% including an approximate one point benefit from foreign currency exchange rates. Despite commodity spot price volatility, we have good visibility into our 2010 cost structure and expect to achieve growth in EBIT margin expansion that result in 2010 adjusted earnings per share diluted growth of low to mid teens on a percentage basis versus 2009. Before we go to Q&A as you work your models, let’s consider some of the unique first quarter drivers and there are many moving parts and factors affecting our business over the remainder of the year. To be more specific, as we exit the first quarter we have completed and lapped the August 2008 pricing action. The first quarter volume benefited from a seasonal shift from the fourth quarter 2009 into the first quarter 2010. The December ’09 to January 2010 seasonal shift and shipping patterns are likely to occur again at the end of this year with respect to Valentine’s and Easter. Also, Easter is later next year, April 24th. As a result we expect the seasonal shift from the fourth quarter of ’10 to the first quarter of ’11 to be greater than the shift that occurs this quarter as we continue to refine seasonal orders and logistic requirements with our key customers. The launch of Reese’s Minis and Hershey’s Drops is scheduled for December to align ourselves with retailer shelf resets. The majority of the incremental brand building initiatives which we mentioned will occur in the second half of the year. We do not expect the first quarter commodity favorability to continue for the remainder of the year nor do we expect the LIFO inventory accounting to be favorable in the fourth quarter 2010 as it was in the fourth quarter 2009. We expect favorable exchange rate gains to decline each quarter as the year progresses. Finally, by the end of June we expect to achieve all of the Global Supply Chain Transformation program savings that we mentioned. With all that out of the way, we’ll now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Palmer – UBS
David Palmer – UBS:   On two channels, convenience stores and drug, particularly on convenience store, perhaps you could speak for the category, were you seeing a general sequential improvement in demand through the quarter and perhaps heading into this most recent month, that’s certainly what we have heard I just wanted to soft of confirm that that was happening. With regard to drug, obviously there was some cut backs on certain types of promotions that might have been hurting volume there. How do you think that will play out going forward?
Dave West: With respect to c-store we saw the category growth rate in the first quarter up about 2.3% we were up around 6.2% so we gained a share point. We saw some reasonable growth throughout the month; it was pretty balanced across the month. Traffic was a little softer than we would have liked to have seen it. But overall we’re happy with our programming. Obviously fuel prices versus prior year were up a bit higher so that might have had some cause in terms of some of the slower trips and traffic. For the most part we’re pretty pleased with our business and again we really saw volume return in convenience in a big way in the first quarter. With respect to drug, we mentioned it before, as we had changed some of our go to market processes and the way we were approaching brand investment we found ourselves a bit misaligned with our drug customers and these are very important customers to us and customers where we enjoy long term relationships that are very important. We’ve been working very hard to come to a place where we’re back in sync with those retailers. I don’t think it’s appropriate for me to comment any further other than to say that we continue to work that and we did get sequentially better and hope that as the year goes on we continue to do that.
David Palmer – UBS: You said it was fairly balanced in terms of trends through the month, maybe you meant through the quarter for c-stores. Was it one where the sales trends were fairly balanced through the quarter but perhaps volume was picking up through the quarter, is that fair?
Dave West: Remember in convenience that was where we had seen the pricing action first so we had very little price realization if any in c-stores so I think that we had already been through the pricing.
David Palmer – UBS: It was balanced through the quarter; there’s really not been much of a change in trend.
Dave West: Not really. Great balance for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Considering the recent pretty considerable increases in advertising spending you’ve made and falling ad rates, could you give us a sense is there an impressions number and I’m sorry if I missed it I was back and forth with PepsiCo, growth in total impressions you’ve gotten, particularly for your core brands and/or increased return on those dollars that’s reflected in the results you’ve been seeing today and recently.
Dave West: We talked about the increase in overall advertising spend on a rate basis and we’re actually getting more GRPs a percentage increase in GRPs is higher than the dollars because we’re becoming more efficient in the way we purchase and the way we flight. I think what you’re seeing is we’ll continue to get a bit more increase in GRPs particularly this year than we certainly did last year as we become a more efficient buyer and a better flighter of our media. I think that’s part of it. We’re very pleased with the responsiveness of the brands; particularly we saw some very good initial response, for example in Mounds, Almond Joy and York when that ad copy came on in the early part of this year. We continue to see it, we continue to look at our ROIs on a going basis and then throughout the rest of this year we’re going to look at continuing to improve the way we flight, the way we purchase and also start to look in some other areas a little bit more deeply, specifically let’s say digital media for example.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Maybe this is a little bit too granular, but do you break down advertising spending and investments or do GRPs as you mentioned them by brand family or by brand. I’m trying to figure out where it is that you’re seeing the most sort of revitalization if you will.
Dave West: We do it by brand, absolutely because the way the brands are positioned you have to do it by brand because you’re buying a different target, different media outlet, different demographic for each of the brands. We’re doing it by brand. We have different targeted levels of GRPs for each brand and each brand is a little bit further along or behind in the curve. So for example, Reese’s is further along in the curve with respect because we started Reese’s advertising in late ’07 than for example Kit Kat which we started last year.  We do look at it by brand. We think there are break through levels for different brands so it is a granular question and I could probably answer it if we had a lot more time in a very granular way. We run the ROIs by brand as well. We continue to look at the spend and are very pleased with the results that we’re getting. When you look at a top line growth rate like we had this quarter and starting to see base volume come back we think we’re pretty pleased with how the advertising is working.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: It’s really Reese’s that’s sort of been the leader.
Dave West: Reese’s continues to grow. It’s also been one of the things that we’ve been very strong with partnering and bundling where we use our retail capabilities such as with the Reese’s NCAA March Madness sponsorship where it’s not just the advertising, it’s the advertising which gets the awareness and then when the consumer shows up at retail we also have great displays, you saw orange NCAA March Madness displays everywhere at store. It’s also the combination of getting the consumer to the shelf and then having the brand there displayed appropriately.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: I always gain about a pound the day you guys report.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: My question would be related to, I don’t believe, correct me if I’m wrong, you made any sort of commentary on the mix between volume and price in the quarter but I do know that you stated that you’re basically done with price now in terms of the prior price increases. It sounds like the balance of the revenue growth for the balance of the year is going to come from volume growth and obviously you had some volume elasticity last year so it’s not hard to imagine.  I wanted to get a sense of where you were in the first quarter, whether you thought the trend going into the balance of the year was conservative relative to your guidance, then also how we should think about the fixed cost absorption, the improvement there that’s likely to come.
Dave West: We were up 14%; if you think about Easter carry over pricing which was the end of the 2008 is really the last part of the business that saw the price increase. Seasons in the quarter are somewhere around a quarter to a third of our business in terms of the Easter shipments as factory shipments go. On a weighted basis we took a 10% to 11% price increase and it was on a third of the business in the quarter. Roughly do the math you’ll wind up with something in the 3% range on price as a contributor. We did talk when we talked to you in the fourth quarter of last year about some volume shifting out of the fourth quarter into the first quarter so again a couple of points of shift. And we would have expected to see our new product contribution from Pieces add a little bit to sales and we would have expected international add a little bit to sales. Our expectation going in would have been around that, the little bit of carry over pricing, the Easter shift and then some new products and a little bit of international and foreign exchange gain. Mid single digits would have been our expectation. We had three, I think, places where we exceeded our expectations. One of them was the ramp up of the new products and the ACV and the distribution build probably added an extra point of growth in the quarter. We were a bit more efficient between growth in net, our trade promotion efficiency was pretty good but we were also very good with mark downs on saleables as we continue to get our inventories in line we continue to do a little bit better sweating down from growth to net if you will. Then the rest of it is really base volume. We had good base volume where we’ve invested so the brands we’ve invested advertising, particularly where we invested late in the year last year but also at the customers and the retail outlets so convenience certain mass and certain food accounts where we put more retail and selling resources in, we saw very good volume gain in the first quarter.  As you carry forward into the year we’ll continue to expect to see the new products will contribute and we continue to expect to see, now that we’re lapped through the price increase we’ll get base volume. I hope that gives you an explanation of how we’re thinking about the year. I’ll let Bert talk a little bit about the cost absorption.
Bert Alfonso: In terms of the cost absorption, clearly we benefited in the first quarter for the reasons that Dave mentioned in terms of having our volumes be a bit higher than we anticipated. As you think about the rest of the year, right now we’re thinking more in line with what we would have planned. We plan for volume increase this year as you would imagine in terms of our total plan.  We had some pricing coming into the year and as you’ve already mentioned that exhausted itself in the first quarter. We were planning for volume increase; we got a bit more in the first quarter. We’re looking out at the remaining quarters to be closer to the initial plans. Even with the shift that occurs at year end that product is largely produced within 2010. Think of the shift not as an absorption shift but more as a shift in sales in terms of shipping.  Overall, cost of goods is favorable in the first quarter for the number of things which you’ve already mentioned; global supply chain transformation being heavier in the first half, particularly in the first quarter, we had better commodity year on year which we do not expect in the remaining quarters, and our ongoing productivity is pretty spread out throughout the year so that stays and has been coming in as we expected.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: I want to clarify, make sure I understand, obviously there were some volume components in 1Q that won’t recur because they were seasonal shifts or what have you, your assumption for the balance of the year that volume is going to come in closer to the initial plan it does sound like the base volume in 1Q did come in ahead of that initial plan so that does leave the possibility that could happen during the balance of the year or is there something I’m missing there?
Dave West: I think that’s correct. There is some possibility but right now as we’re seeing we’re projecting closer to plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: I’ve been a critic and I think that your reinvestment in the business is good both for the short term and the long term. I have a brand kind of question and a category question. As a pretty long term observer it seems like Mars and Hershey have always very judiciously stayed out of each others territory. What I mean by that is that Mars hasn’t produced a bar, you guys haven’t produced an enrobed product like a Snickers.  They haven’t gone after peanut butter and you guys haven’t gone after M&Ms. My sense is that that’s changing and I’m wondering why shouldn’t I be worried about that. The pieces product looks like its going right after M&Ms and the Bliss product seems to go really right after Dove. I just worry that what had been each others territory and rarely maybe playing around the fringes but now it seems like you’re going right up against some of their core products.
Dave West: That’s really not how we think about the business. We think about the business by consumer usage occasion, and by forms and by how our brands are best positioned. When you think about the Pieces lineup what we’re really doing is you remember when we talk about loyalist consumers, the loyal consumers who are looking for the coconut experience that Mounds, Almond Joy provide or looking for the mint and chocolate experience that York provides, they’re unable to get that in the category right now up until we launched Pieces in a hand to mouth format.  What we’re really doing is taking some of our brands where consumers are the most loyal and providing that flavor experience that we think our brands uniquely capture and providing that to them in a different usage occasion. When we think about how we segment the category we really do look at it from the consumers view and then that’s how we also position our brands and think about investments. The category growth is robust. When you look at 52 week growth rates we’re up 7%.  As people invest in the category and others including Mars Wrigley, including Linton Ghirardelli and Kraft Cadbury it’s an expandable category, consumers purchase it on impulse so as people continue to invest in the category the category will expand and grow and we think that’s a healthy thing. We’re doing it based on a consumer view and brand view and that’s how we look at it.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: I guess whether they view it that way the proof will be in the pudding. The other question I had is just in terms of trade up as the economy gets a little bit better are you seeing any signs of the chocolate user moving back up scale at all or is it still a pretty value oriented mass market decision which helps your brands a lot.
Dave West: I’ll give you two data points. Valentine’s Day was down primarily a gifting and a little bit premium type of an event and it was down pretty markedly so we didn’t see a real return to premium in gifting in Valentine’s Day. The trade up space for the quarter was pretty much flat. Again we didn’t see much of a return to trading up during the quarter at all.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: The promotion that you mentioned, you were more efficient on promotion but was promotion still a hit to net sales? Was it up year over year and you were just more efficient than you would have been otherwise or are you saying that promotion actually dropped and therefore it helped sales and your price realization?
Dave West: On a rate basis, actually because our volumes were so much higher on an absolute dollar basis we spent more on trade promotion but on a rate basis trade promotion was lower in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens – JP Morgan
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: We’re hearing from one large store distributor that both candy and snack volumes really started accelerating very recently, like within the last four to six weeks and I think a lot of that is probably going to show up in that data subsequent to March 20th I think which you called out. What’s driving that is that retailer driven or do you have more specific programs with regard to the c-store? Is it King Size for example, I’d like to get a better understanding of that.
Dave West: I think it’s a combination of a couple of things. One of them is the category dynamic and the relationships, we are very proud of our relationships and have built those relationships over many, many years in convenience with retailers and so I think what’s happened as we’ve gone through some bumps in the road and the economy and the relationship the category has in that class of trade is very strong. We’ve continued to provide solutions. Some of the points that I mentioned, the second highest margin category is certainly the highest margin in the category is something that has velocity in the convenience stores. I think there’s probably higher margin in health and beauty but not a lot of that gets sold.  We’re a high margin category, we are a very good bundled category, confections goes with a beverage often times so you can incent a higher dollar ring if you will when you can bundle confections together. It’s still a very much impulse oriented category. In a world where you’re trips are precious if you’re worried about the number of trips you’re getting you definitely want to have impulsive stuff right up close to the front of the register to take full advantage of those trips. I think the category dynamics are very good.  On top of it the programming has been very good, I think we’ve all learned together the retailers and us, particularly about what works and what doesn’t work, what the right assortment is, where the aisle ought to be. The category management expertise that for example Max has helped their retailers with has I think really started to pay off for the category in terms of making it a destination. We’re pleased with it, we’ve hung in there with them for years in terms of building those relationships and I think it’s really paying off for us.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: It seems with your savings program drawing to a close here by our model at least, and particularly if you keep up the kind of performance you did in this quarter, cash is going to start mounting up pretty quickly here. Can you give us an idea at this point what shareholders ought to expect just in terms of how you’re going to deploy that?
Bert Alfonso: I think we have a pretty good track record in terms of returning to shareholders in terms of dividends and buybacks. We did recently increase our dividend by 7.5% and we have a 3% yield and pretty competitive payout ratio. While we didn’t do any buyback off the authorized program we were in the marketplace replenishing stock options that were exercised. We suspended that a bit last year just in terms of as the market at a critical stage with respect to credit markets. We’ve resumed that.  We were pretty communicative in Cagny around our continued look into the marketplace, particularly in the international space around being inquisitive and seeing if there are opportunities there. With respect to more increases in dividends and/or share buy back it’s a Board level discussion that we talk about frequently and I’m sure that’s a topic that we’ll discuss in the coming near future.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll – Citigroup
David Driscoll – Citigroup: You went through a lot of different numbers and you gave some great factors which I feel like I’m going to have to re-read this transcript. I’d just like to try to ask you about the next three quarters. As I look at the comparisons and I would say that just if we use 252 which would be I believe 16% growth on your ‘09 figure, if we look at what the implication is for the next nine months it would say that earnings would grow about 5% which of course feels a bit low relative to both your long term guidance and obviously the incredible results that we’re seeing this quarter.  I understand that we have lapped the pricing but I’m trying to get an understanding on how we model out these next three quarters given the guidance and the factors that you’re seeing. It looks like it would be flat pricing and good solid volume growth 3% or 4% volume growth and then you would get some margin expansion. Can you help me out here understand how the remaining portion of the year goes?
Dave West: Let me talk first about the first quarter. We clearly over delivered in the first quarter both on the top line and on the bottom line. Q1 benefited from some of the really difficult but I think sound decisions that we made in prior months and years. For example, the change in our business model in terms of pricing, now that winds itself up, the August of ’08 pricing winds itself up in the first quarter. The Global Supply Chain Transformation largely winds itself up here in the first half so we’ll get the savings in the first half. We start to benefit from the advertising that we’ve certainly been doing, not start, we continue to benefit from the advertising. When you look at the first quarter we got good benefits from the Global Supply Chain and the carry over pricing, those things tend to wind themselves up in the front half. We had really strong earnings delivery in the first part of the year, the first quarter and it’ll carry over a little bit here going forward, really good earnings here. The investment part where we’re going to now take a look at, based on the strength we have in the first quarter, reinvesting some of that earnings momentum, that investment comes in the second half of the year where we’re in a more normalized business model, if you will. We’re now more of a steady state model once we’re through the pricing and through the Global Supply Chain Transformation we’ll start to see a little bit more normalized volumes if you will going forward once we’re through the price increase and we will invest significantly in the back part of the year in advertising and in capabilities. I think that’s the way to think about it is a more normalized business model going forward with some pretty strong investments for the future.
David Driscoll – Citigroup: I think I understand what you’re saying but I want to try one more direction on this one. Over the last four quarters pricing was absolutely massive and you had cost savings and that clearly then was able to more than fund the advertising increase. I think what you’re saying is that over the next three quarters you still have massive investments going into advertising but we’re not going to see that pricing component of it hit the top line in the next three quarter so then that really has to come from somewhere and that’s why the earnings growth would get back to a much more normalized level. Would you agree with that statement?
Dave West: I think that what I would say is that we are going to continue to invest in the brands and the business and the capabilities and we’re looking at it on a full year basis. We may be a little mismatched in the productivity might be a little more front end loaded so the Global Supply Chain and some of the commodity favorability in the first part of the year, with some of the investment in the back part of the year. We may be a little mismatched in terms of how the productivity flows into the P&L versus how some of the investment flows out. I think overall we’re through the pricing from August ’08; we’re starting to see the volumes return. As I said, we’re comfortable in that 3% to 5% long term sales guidance that we have out there for the rest of the year and then again I guess there’s a little bit of a mismatch between the productivity and the margin expansion and then the expansion of SM&A we spend a little bit more in the back half and we have a little bit more productivity in the front half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: I wanted to ask about the investments in the second half. You mentioned advertising and capability building, I wonder if you can tell us a little bit more about what the capability building means? Also, investment in emerging market expansion it sounds as thought that might be a big theme in the second half, can you give you give us any idea of how much more you’re going to be spending as we look forward.
Dave West: Our advertising expenditure plans now look at a 35% to 40% increase for the year, that’s up from what we had originally said which was 25% to 30%. That will go into certain brands in the US but also other markets globally. We had talked at our Cagny conference about insight driven performance and the investments we’re making to make sure that we have state of the art, leading edge category management in both consumer and shopper insight work that’s in pilot with certain of our customers. That work is ongoing. I mentioned digital media as an area where we’re going to continue to also work on the forward basis. We have increased in store hours as well in certain channels.  That’s the recurring theme, similar to how we’ve thought about investment last year as we had good results through 2009 we continue to decide to reinvest some of that and we did that throughout the balance of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter. We feel very good that that fourth quarter ’09 investment certainly has gotten us out of the blocks pretty quickly here in ’10. We continue to see that as a pattern as long as we’re making smart investments we’re going to continue to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: When you guys came up with your long term growth target, I would argue and I think you would probably agree that Hershey was in a different place that they are now. What would change your view or what would cause you to change your long term growth targets and align them more with the rest of the packaged food group. I’m not saying when or how but what would be the impetus for you to actually rethink your long term growth targets just given where Hershey is now versus when you actually laid out your plan?
Dave West: I would say two things, you’re right on target we were at a different place when we first did that. We were at a place where we had struggled a little bit in ’06 and ’07 and realized that the business model needed to change, we needed to change the approach to the supply chain but also the way we invested in the brand. Then in the interim obviously the world’s changed quite a bit as well. I think what we’ve really done is let our business model settle its way out and as I said, I think as you get through first quarter here in 2010 from a supply chain and a go to market standpoint we are through a lot of those moving parts.  I think the economy is getting a little bit better, although consumer sentiment may not show that all the time. I think we’re in a more normalized level. We’re still seeing commodity spot volatility as well. It’s something that we certainly look at, I think what we’re saying is what we’re doing is making sure we continue to update you on how we’re thinking about the current year versus that long term model. At some point in time, obviously its part of the strategic planning exercise that all companies do and we’re kind of in the middle of right now, you look at that three or five year out picture and make some decisions about capital structure, growth rates, etc. It’s a fair question and hopefully we’ve been transparent enough to give you a view when we’re not going to be in that long term range for now.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: I’m not even talking about this year, I’m talking about again 2011, ’12, ’13, is there an impetus you need an acquisition, is it just what you right size your business exactly the way you want it, is there any impetus that we should think about.
Dave West: I think it’s two or three things. One of it is a more normalized business model which I think we’re starting to get towards. Again, I think the financial markets, the commodity markets, and some of the consumer sentiment watching that settle its way out would also be an impetus for us.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: When you said that the gross margins for the quarter were an anomaly and you kind of made it reference out of the commodity prices, is it just that you had good hedges is that like the real simple answer?
Bert Alfonso: I wouldn’t think of it as good hedges. We said that we have good visibility throughout the year. If you compare to last year our expectations around dairy in particular that was favorable and last year when we started to look at the year we didn’t change those expectations till about the middle of the year and that has an implication on how the first quarter came in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: I think you mentioned that your trade promotion spending for the quarter was down but we’ve clearly seen a pretty big shift in the food channels toward lower prices, pretty price competitive. Is it that you’re not being asked to participate or is it a strategic decision on your part to again refocus on that advertising and brand promotions.
Dave West: We showed an interesting chart at Cagny in terms of how we thought about shifting the mix of our spending between pull and push. Again, on a macro level what we’ve really done is invested in our brands in advertising and consumer promotion. We took the price increase in August of ’08 because the commodity costs were very, very high and the profile had kind of changed in a step function way.  As part of that increase we not only change list prices we also saw promotional prices move up in the marketplace. As part of that move up in promotional prices is needing less trade promotion on some level to hit what would have been historically lower prices. There’s a little bit of that that goes with the new pricing model and the pricing structure. Overall its so customer and event specific I think we saw overall we’re spending more absolute dollars in promotion because we have more volume.  On a rate basis we did see an improvement in the first quarter and we’re pleased with that, although I’m not sure that we would tell you to trend that forward. I think now that we’re through the last of the August ’08 pricing we’re in a more normalized volume level, I’m not sure you would expect to see rate deficiency going forward. Again, it’s so customer and event specific it builds up so granularly that I almost couldn’t give you anything more specific than that.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: You mentioned higher fuel costs might be impacting your c-store sales and I think you referenced your expectations that commodity costs would probably be higher over the balance of the year, the expectation I think at this point is dairy moved a bit higher. What would it take to institute another price increase, is that even in your solution set at this point or is it that you took enough in your last round that that wouldn’t be in consideration.
Dave West: I don’t even want to go there. We’re comfortable with the margin expansion that we’ve gotten and we’re seeing the consumer volumes come back. We have good visibility to 2010 costs and I’d leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Mounds, Almond Joy, York, they’re kind of niche products and you’re putting a lot of advertising into them, it seems to be working for now. How big is this business currently and how big do you think it could get? I’m a big coconut lover but I’m kind of a consensus of one in my household. I’m not sure how much more coconut I can eat. Can you tell me how big you think it can be?
Dave West: What I’ve been saying is when you look at the segmentation work there are loyal followers and you’re probably one of them, loyalists who while the brand overall may not be a huge gigantic brand or a huge brand when you find the loyal consumer they can be as much as a third of consumption on some of these brands comes from a very small percentage of loyal users. Remember that these brands are incredibly profitable, very high margin brands for us so when you think about York and you think about Mounds and Almond Joy these are brands that have, they’re not solid milk chocolate they have a lot of inclusion and they’re enrobed bars so they’re very high margin for us.  We’re not spending at the level we’re spending on Hershey’s or on Reese’s on these brands. We think with a modest level of brand investment we can get really good awareness on some of these brands that have high margins and get them activated that way and reengage some consumers who we haven’t talked to in seven, eight, nine, or ten years. That’s how we’re thinking about it and again we got really good lift initially and these are ones that we’ll watch very closely to make sure that we continue to see lift and run the ROIs on them. It’s kind of a natural evolution once you get through getting the big brands to the right place that you now go into other part as we talked about in the consumer demand landscape and see how you can activate the brands and we’re pleased to date with it but it’s only a quarters worth of results so we’ll watch the ROIs carefully.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: One of your competitors in chewing gum, I know it’s not a big business of yours said that chewing gum category is very weak. Are you seeing that as well and do you think that maybe what you’re doing on the candy and chocolate side might be taking a little bit of attention away from chewing gum?
Dave West: I think the category overall has grown nicely. You get shifts in mix all the time, it looks like right now for whatever reason gum and mints, the refreshment part of the business are probably growing a little less than chocolate and non-chocolate. I think some of that’s programming not just us but others. Some of it’s timing of innovation. It’s a number of those things. Over time these things tend to ebb and flow based on how people calendar their business but you’re right, gum and mints, the refreshment part of the portfolio is probably growing a little slower right now but that’s not to say that you won’t see a swing sometime later in the year. It is the fact right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane – Bank of America
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Around your sales effectiveness, you’ve spoken a bit about how much the increase in advertising is helping to drive some volume and has made your pricing effective. I’m also curious, I guess it was fall of ’07 you started to increase the size of your sales force, especially in convenience stores. I had the impression that it really wasn’t until last year that you had most of these people fully trained and in place and with all the tools they needed to do their jobs. First, how much of having more feet on the street has made you more efficient in terms of promotions and ability to maybe be more efficient with your pricing and trade promotions. Then also in terms of reinvestment, is that on the table as well, increasing the size of your sales force and making a bigger investment in your sales force.
Dave West: We continue to believe and have always believed that our selling capabilities our sales force if you will, I’m talking not only about feet on the street but also our category management capabilities and our headquarters capabilities. We think we’re very good within our category and we think we’re actually think of ourselves as pretty comparable in consumer packaging goods because we had a pretty efficient cost because we’re so focused on one category can deliver pretty good benefit.  You’re right; we started in ’07 specific to retail, investing in certain classes of trade, certain mass customers, a little bit in food and certainly quite a bit in convenience stores. We’re at full complement but we’re also actually adding again this year in terms of in store hours. There is an investment in RS, if you look at our SM&A line there is an investment inherent in that line this year for more sales coverage. It is paying out.  One of the things that I would also tell you is it’s not a static sales force if you will, we can reroute that sales force on a monthly basis based on activity by customer based on who’s running promotional activity and where we need to sell at retail. We do that and we continue to look at how to continuously improve our routing to be more efficient and productive. Also, as the economy has shifted in the last 12 to 18 months we’ve certainly shifted and grown with the growing customers if you will and made sure that our resources are in the right place.  It is a strong competitive advantage for us and one that we continually invest in and I think it makes the advertising investment that much more efficient and effective when you actually get to retail and product that you’re advertising is in the right spot with consumer promotion and merchandising vehicles that tie to the advertising.  The NCAA March Madness promotion, for example we ran great Reese’s copy throughout March and at store level you saw walls of orange when you came into store in terms of display so that the consumer once they got to the store we could activate. We think it works very well together, we’ve invested in both capabilities and we’re going to continue to do that.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: If you were to benchmark just your sales coverage relative to some of your competitors do you think that you’ve got greater sales coverage whether it’s measured through people relative to revenue or the number of hours they’re able to spend in the store, do you think your sales coverage right now is comparable or more than your competitors?
Dave West: I think we’re a little different than everybody, that’s not to say that being different or unique is always better. I think in this case I’d like to think we are. We have our own dedicated direct people, we’re not using brokers. I think that’s the most unique part of it is that we tend to control our own destiny. Other folks may be getting similar types of hours or minutes or coverage in store but they may be getting it through a broker or maybe not with the same frequency. Overall we’re dedicated to one category. We offer a total confection solution and it’s integrated all the way back to from category captains to account planning to retail where in it we tend to be very integrated and focused on one category and I think that’s an advantage for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer – UBS
David Palmer – UBS: It seems like Mars, your major competitor in the c-store channels getting more into the new product game lately, maybe not to the level of the old Hershey limited edition strategy but certainly they seem to be trying to stimulate new demand with new products or at least we hear that’s going to happen with M&Ms with pretzels in them and stuff like that.  What that says to me is the rumble of the new product news seems to be happening in the wake of a period which Hershey has been gaining share through just advertising behind the core and having that virtuous cycle going. Do you think it’s appropriate for Hershey to stay the course here very limited new product news for a while and that this soft of cycle can continue or do you think it’s appropriate maybe for Hershey to fold in more new product news here particularly with the competition and perhaps the consumer being ready for it?
Dave West: As you’ve pointed out we had a period where we were probably less disciplined in innovation and new products then we would have liked. There is a role for news in this category as a variety seeking category. Consumers have more than one brand that they are willing to sample so there is a role for innovation. I look at our business right now and for the first time in a couple years here, innovation is additive for us. We’ve do it, I think in a way that works for our supply chain and for our business model at the current time.  Other people have their own view of how to go about their brands and their business and there’s no one right answer. The answer for us right now, we had a very strong first quarter coming off of a good year last year. The model is working, we continue to run the ROIs on all of the marketing mix; advertising, consumer promotion, and trade promotion. We’ll continue to dial as we go along.  For us right now we think we’re in a good place and as I said we don’t have the only model there are any number of models to make things work. We think investment in the category overall regardless of how people are doing it is good for the category and good for the growth. We’re pleased with where we are and we’re pleased that innovation is added to begin for us.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you very much for joining us on today’s conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available to answer any follow up questions that any of you may have.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian – VP Investor Relations  Dave West - President and CEO Bert Alfonso - Senior Vice President and CFO 
Analysts: Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Terry Bivens – JP Morgan Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse David Driscoll – Citi Investments Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Spillane – Bank of America Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Kevin Kedra – Gabelli & Company David Palmer – UBS Jon Cox – Kepler
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to The Hershey Company Fourth Quarter 2009 Results Conference Call. Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference. 
Mark Pogharian: Welcome to the Hershey Company Fourth Quarter 2009 conference call. Dave West, President and CEO, Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO, and I will represent Hershey on this morning’s call. We also welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening, that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2008 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website www.Hersheys.com in the investor relations section. Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheets and the summary of consolidated statements of income in accordance with GAAP as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statement of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we’ve said in the press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our fourth quarter 2009 results, excluding the net pre-tax charges. The majority of these charges in both 2009 and 2008 are associated with the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program. These pre-tax charges were $26.5 million and $79.7 million in the fourth quarters of 2009 and 2008. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignment initiatives.  I’ll now turn it over to Dave West.
Dave West: Let me start with a few comment on recent events with respect to Cadbury plc. I assume that everyone on the call has had an opportunity to read our November 18 and January 22 press releases. After a thorough and complete examination, management and the Board of Directors unanimously concluded not to make an offer for Cadbury. Our Board of Directors and management team remain extremely confident in Hershey’s consumer driven strategy and in the company’s ability to execute and deliver long term value for all stock holders. We will evaluate future acquisition opportunities in the same disciplined manner to ensure appropriate fit within our financial and strategic framework. We’ll continue to follow this disciplined approach and will continue to invest in Hershey’s existing brands and global infrastructure. With close to a 45% share of the US chocolate market and strong and growing businesses in Canada and Mexico and nearly a 20% compound annual growth rate outside of the US and Canada over the past five years, we continue to be encouraged by our position in the marketplace and confident in continuing future success. Now for a discussion on our results, I’m very pleased with Hershey’s fourth quarter and full year performance. We finished the year on solid footing and over delivered on our earnings per share objective by growing adjusted earnings per share 15% year over year. We achieved this in an extremely challenging environment that included global economic uncertainty and challenging consumer conditions, commodities spot market price volatility, the implementation and execution of a major price increase, the continued roll out and evolution of our consumer driven approach to core brand investment, as well as the completion of our global supply chain transformation program. Despite these challenges, we delivered net sales and EPS growth that was significantly greater than the profile we shared with you at this time a year ago. For the full year 2009 net sales increased a bit more than 4% on a constant currency basis up 3.2% reported. Gross and EBIT margins expanded meaningfully and our balance sheet and cash flow were very strong. We made excellent progress in 2009 and we look forward to delivering on our financial targets for a third consecutive year in 2010. In terms of Hershey’s marketplace performance for the 12 and 52 weeks ending January 2, 2010, using our custom database and this is in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business. Total confections category retail consumer take away was up a strong 6% for the 12 weeks ending January 2 and it was up 7.2% for the year 2009. As a reminder, these channels include food, drug, and mass, and mass here includes Wal-Mart and convenience stores. This growth rate is higher than the FDMX data that most of you receive from IRI or Nielson on a quad basis. FDMX only captures about half of our retail take away and excludes one of our largest mass customer with whom we have performed well and excludes c-stores, in addition it also excludes value and club format stores. Within food, drug, and mass, here excluding Wal-Mart and convenience, FDMXC the category also continues to grow. In 2009 the CMG category in FDMXC increased 4.4% greater than historical growth rate which is usually around 3% to 4%. In the fourth quarter the CMG category was up 4% again this is excluding Wal-Mart. As we look to 2010 we would expect historical growth rates to prevail in the category. Total Hershey FDMXC retail take away of 2.6% in the fourth quarter was less than the category and as we expected, resulted in a market share loss of 0.4 points. The decline was primarily driven by our decision to exit premium chocolates, Cacao Reserves, Starbucks, and online gifting all of which played a role in gifting last year and it was also contributed to by the previously mentioned challenges in the drug class of trade. For the full year 2009 in FDMXC the category grew 4.4%. Hershey retail take away for the year was 4.7% resulting in a share gain for the year 2009 of 0.1 points. Our marketplace results in measured channels were driven by our success in the food and convenience classes of trade. Our continued growth in these two areas is a result of the targeted investments we’ve made. Our in store sales force remains a competitive advantage and has been a large part of our success. It differentiates us from our competitors.  The investments we have made and will continue to make in retail resources will be augmented by additional efforts in consumer insights, in store merchandising and programming and will ensure we bring confectionary ideas and solutions to retailers to drive profitable growth for both Hershey and our customers. For the full year 2009 in the food class of trade the category grew 6%, with Hershey retail take away for the year up 6.3% resulting in a share gain of 0.1 points. Fourth quarter food class of trade growth was 7.7% with Hershey take away at 7.3% a bit lower than the category, reflecting the earlier reference to premium segment performance. As a result, food channel market share was off 0.1 points in the quarter. Hershey’s Q4 class of trade in chocolate the take away was up 7% again a bit lower than the category with share off 0.1 points. Our non-chocolate food take away was up 15.3% resulting in a market share gain of 0.4 points in non-chocolate. These results were driven by core brand performance Hershey’s Bliss, Reese’s, Kit Kat and Twizzlers retail take away up double digits in the food class of trade. We enjoyed solid Halloween sell through resulting in Hershey gaining one full market share point for Halloween in the food class of trade. We did see slight improvement in our Kisses franchise in food with take away up low single digits due to advertising and responsiveness to our baking merchandising and couponing. As it relates to the overall Halloween and holiday seasons, as expected in Q4, total seasonal category retail sales were up slightly versus year ago. Specifically in FDMX Halloween retail category dollar growth was up 1.3% and Hershey FDMX Halloween performance was in line with our expectations as we gained 0.3 market share points driven by the solid performance in the food class of trade. FDMX Holiday retail category growth was up about 1.6%. Hershey’s holiday performance as expected was soft given the discretionary challenges related to gifting and our decision to discounting certain premium products that were in the marketplace last year, which would be in 2008 in the fourth quarter. Let me talk a little bit about c-store where the category was up 2.3% in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter Hershey c-store take away increased 3.7% resulting in a share gain of 0.3 points. In Q4 Hershey c-store chocolate and non-chocolate take away was up 5% and 7.2% respectively. These gains were driven by core brand advertising, in store selling and merchandising, and solid programming including an NCAA College Football promotion supported by on air advertising, a nostalgic standard bar program leveraging Hershey’s iconic brands, and the king size launch of Twizzlers Pull n’ Peel. As we stated in October the drug class of trade continued to be a drag on our overall Q4 FDMXC marketplace results with Hershey drug channel market share declining 1.9 points in the fourth quarter. The changes in our go to market model have not driven the type of performance in the drug class of trade relative to its success in other formats. As we enter 2010 we have worked with key drug retail customers toward a mutually acceptable strategy that will drive category customer and Hershey growth. However, this channel will most likely remain a headwind on our overall marketplace performance during the first part of the year. As we look to 2010 we have many exciting products, promotions, and programs in place including an NCAA Final Four Basketball promotion following up on the very successful 2009 event. Sponsorship for the blockbuster Iron Man 2 movie staring Robert Downey Jr., increased levels of Valentine’s and Easter support, the continued roll out of Hershey’s Special Dark, Almond Joy and York Pieces as well as Hershey’s Bliss White Chocolate, and the launch of selected limited editions including Kit Kat Dark and Thingamajig both backed by popular demand from retailers. We have other innovation planned for the second half which we’ll share with you as the year unfolds. Additionally, full year advertising expense will increase approximately 25% to 30% year over year. We’ll continue to support previously mentioned core brands particularly Hershey’s, Reese’s, Hershey’s Kisses and Bliss, Twizzlers and Kit Kat as well as new core brand advertising campaigns for the Almond Joy, Mounds, and York brands. We’ll also continue to build on a consumer insight work we started in 2009. Understanding consumers and identifying trends is critical and as category captain we take our obligation to providing category solutions through the retail very seriously. We’re committed to the proprietary insights work we have completed to date and will continue to develop on an ongoing basis, as it is a critical part of our success. We’ll share some of this work with you at CAGNY. Let me wrap up my comments. Despite the macro economic challenges facing the consumer the category continues to grow across retail channels in both measured and non-measured outlets. Our advertising, consumer investments, and insights work will enable Hershey’s to consistently and predictably achieve its financial targets. We expect 2010 net sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long term objective. Additionally, we have good visibility into our full year cost structure and expect our ongoing growth and adjusted earnings per share diluted to be within our long term objective of 6% to 8%. As we look to the long term, Hershey has many opportunities to leverage its global brand and US scale. Our consumer full model is working in the US and this approach is being adopted in many of our international markets. Additionally, we are continuously vamping our overall cost structure and believe opportunities exist to maintain and/or improve margins while continually monitoring commodity market volatility. We’ll have more on the cost structure at CAGNY. Our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong and we will continue to be disciplined but open to sources of growth via M&A. Our executive management team and the Board of Directors are confident that this approach will continue to build value for all Hershey shareholders. I’ll now turn it over to Bert Alfonso who will provide you with additional financial detail.
Bert Alfonso: Net sales and adjusted earnings per share diluted from operations for the full year 2009 exceeded the initial ranges we communicated at the beginning of last year. Solid efforts during the year by the sales, marketing, supply chain and finance groups resulted in strong price realization while volume declines were less than anticipated. Overall, we’re pleased with our financial and marketplace performance in 2009 give the volatile environment in both commodity and financial markets as well as the pressures facing consumers. Fourth quarter consolidated net sales of $1.407 billion increased 2.2% versus the prior year. Adjusted EPS diluted of $0.63 increased 7% primarily due to price realization, supply chain savings, and a lower effective income tax rate which more than offset the impact of volume declines, higher input costs, and increased marketing investment. In addition, fourth quarter results include a non-recurring benefit from LIFO accounting related to targeted inventory reductions. These essentially offset the cost of advisory fees related to our consideration of our transaction with Cadbury. For the full year, net sales increased 3.2% or 4.2% on a constant currency basis resulting in adjusted earnings per share diluted of $2.17 up 15.4%. In the fourth quarter, sales gains were driven primarily by pricing and improvements in our international business. Mid-single digit pricing gains were partially offset by expected baseline declined associated with the US pricing actions and previously communicated decisions to close our online gift business and discontinue certain premium chocolate products. Importantly in the fourth quarter, baseline declines improved sequentially from mid to low single digits.  As we communicated in October, due to timing, shipments of Valentine and Easter seasonal products were lower in the fourth quarter 2009 versus 2008. We’ll see some benefit from this shift in the first quarter 2010. Also, foreign currency exchange was about a one point benefit in the quarter, a change from quarters one through three in which FX detracted from sales growth. Dave provided details related to our marketplace performance so I’ll now focus on a review of the P&L, balance sheet and cash flow; starting with gross margin. During the fourth quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 330 basis points primarily due to net price realization, supply chain savings, productivity, and lower levels of inventory that led to a favorable amount recurring 100 basis point benefit from LIFO accounting.  These margin gains more than offset higher input costs of about 150 basis points primarily reflecting total consolidated cost increases for raw materials. Higher employee benefit cost primarily pension expense at our manufacturing facilities also reduced adjusted gross margin in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2009 adjusted gross margin was 38.9% versus 35.8% in 2008 up 310 basis points as pricing and productivity initiatives inclusive of the low supply chain transformation program offset 200 basis points of unfavorable input costs. Adjust EBIT margin increased 10 basis points in the fourth quarter as higher gross margin was substantially offset by advertising up 50% in the quarter, marketing expenses including consumer promotions, employee related costs including incentives and pension expense, and advisory fees related to our consideration of a transaction with Cadbury. Adjusted EBIT for the full year increased 11.7% with EBIT margin up 120 basis points from 15% to 16.2%. The increase was driven by higher gross margin partially offset by increased advertising investment and employee related costs. For the year, advertising increased 50% to $241 million. Now let me provide a brief update on our international businesses. During 2009 we made good progress in the international markets where we operate. Our international group faced many of the same challenges as the US counterparts, including implementation of price increases in certain markets, economically impacted consumers, and volatile foreign exchange rates. Overall, on a constant currency basis and excluding the Van Houten business that we acquired earlier in the year, international fourth quarter sales were up mid-single digits. Our reported international profitability was down versus driven by brand building and investments in key markets. As we look to 2010 we’ll continue to invest in our strategic international markets to increase the distribution of our products, enhance brand awareness, and further develop our go to market capabilities. Moving down the P&L, for the fourth quarter interest expense decreased coming in at $22 million versus $25 million last year. For the year, interest expense was $90 million versus $98 million in 2008. The fourth quarter and full year both benefited from lower short term rates on our commercial paper and improvements in working capital. Lower debt levels also contributed to the lower interest expense as we significantly reduced our short term debt during the year. In 2010 we expect interest expense to be in the $90 to $100 million range. The tax rate in the fourth quarter was 33.6% down 210 basis points versus year ago. For the full year, the tax rate was 35.5% down 50 basis points versus year ago. The change in the tax rate result in a $0.02 EPS benefit in the quarter and the full year. The improvement was primarily due to foreign tax benefits and a lower than expected tax rate in our Monterrey, Mexico business. For the full year 2010 we expect the effective income tax rate to be about 35% primarily due to an increase in the federal manufacturing deduction from 6% to 9%. Additionally, on a quarterly basis we expect the tax rate to be smoother in 2010 versus 2009 about 36% during the first half of the year and 34% in the back half.  In the fourth quarter 2009 weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 229.6 million versus 228.5 million shares in 2008 leading to adjusted EPS diluted of $0.63 up 6.8% versus year ago. For the year, shares outstanding were approximately 225 million consistent with 2008 levels. Adjusted EPS diluted for the full year is $2.17 up approximately 15%. Turning now to our balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the year, net trading capital decreased versus last year resulting in cash flow benefit of $156 million. Accounts receivable were down $45 million and remain extremely current and of high quality. Year over year accounts receivable days outstanding improved about four days. Inventory declined $73 million and accounts payable increased $38 million. This represents the third consecutive year of reduction in net trading capital which is a key focus area. We expect net trading capital to further improve in 2010 but not at the rates achieved in 2009. In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software were $39 million for the quarter and $145 million for the full year, in line with the upper end of our previously revised capital expenditure range. For 2010 we are targeting total capital additions to be in the range of $150 to $160 million.  Depreciation and amortization was $44 million in the quarter that includes accelerated depreciation related to the global supply chain transformation of $1 million. For the full year 2009, depreciation and amortization expense was $182 million of which accelerated depreciation and amortization was about $4 million. In 2010 we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of about $180 to $185 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $66 million bringing the full year total to $263 million. We did not acquire any stock in the fourth quarter related to the current repurchase program and there is $100 million outstanding on the current authorization that the Board approved in December 2006. Cash on hand at year end was $254 million up $217 million versus year ago. Our cash management strategy this year has been to pay down short term debt with excess cash. Short term debt and the current portion of long term debt at year end was $39 million down $462 million versus a year ago. As it relates to our short term cash needs, the company is currently well positioned. Our cash flow has been strong and we expect that to continue in 2010 and 97% of our current debt or $1.5 billion is in fixed rate notes with maturities starting in 2011. During the year we made voluntary contributions to our qualified pension plans of $9 million in the quarter and $54 million for the year to improve our funded status. In 2009 our pension asset returns were in line with that at the market indices. The increase in pension assets will result in reduced pension expense of approximately $14 million or $0.04 a share in 2010. Let me now provide an update on the global supply chain transformation program. During the fourth quarter of 2009 the program was concluded. I am pleased to confirm that the construction of our Monterrey, Mexico facility is complete. Total charges for the program were $629 million and included $85 million of non-cash pension settlement charges.  Excluding pension settlement charges, total project costs were $544 million below the estimate of $575 to $600 million previously communicated. Except for possible non-cash pension settlement charges the company does not expect any significant charges related to the global supply chain transformation program in 2010. In 2009 total GAAP charges related to the program were $99 million. A total of these charges reported in 2009 earnings by $0.27. During the fourth quarter we reported global transformation charges of $26 million pre-tax of which $24 million was related to non-cash pension settlement charges. The cumulative savings for the program are $160 million and in line with our forecast. The estimate of total ongoing annual savings by the end of 2010 is $175 to $185 million with incremental savings being realized earlier in the year. This morning we also announced a 7.6% increase in our quarterly dividend on our common shares. This increase is a result of the company’s strong balance sheet and our confidence in the current business model. We believe our current strategies will enable the company to continue to meaningfully generate predictable cash flow from operations. As such, we continue to have Board level discussions related to capital structure and deployment of excess cash and we’ll continue to explore M&A related growth opportunities. Let me close by providing some context on our 2010 outlook. Where we have made investments the business has responded. As such, we will continue to do the right things for our core brands and at key retail customers and channels that are driving our growth. During the first half of the year we’ll continue with the distribution and roll out of our new products as well as new core brand investment behind Almond Joy, Mounds and York brands. As a result we expect full year 2010 net sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% stated long term objective. At this point we have a good assessment of our cost input basket. As a result, we expect gross margin expansion in 2010 although not at the same level achieved in 2009. The full year increase in gross margin will be driven by different factors including seasonal pricing and global supply chain transformation savings that will be achieved during the first half of the year. We estimate that advertising will increase 25% to 30% supporting core brands in both the US and international markets. During the year we’ll also continue to invest in consumer insight analysis that will benefit all classes of trade including the drug channel to address current challenges. At Hershey we are committed to category leadership and we’ll strive to be the confectionary solution for all customers and in all channels. As a result we expect to achieve growth of adjusted earnings per share in 2010 within our long term objective of 6% to 8%. To conclude, and as you work on your models, I remind you that the full year 2010 gains in net sales and margins will most likely be driven in the first half and resulting from the following factors. The timing of seasonal pricing, particularly Easter, newly launched products achieving targeted ACV levels by mid-year, incremental global supply chain transformation savings are programmed for earlier in the year, slight change which was a headwind for the first two thirds of 2009 will mostly likely benefit the first couple of quarters, and a lower tax rate throughout the entire year. We will now open it up to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: My questions revolve around the advertising efficacy, you seem quite confident about the top line for 2010 and how you progressed in 2009, maybe its a discussion for CAGNY but with a 50% boost in advertising and not really much change in share, how are you judging the success of that program? I think you said that one of the company’s competitive advantages is the in store effort. Maybe that’s a bridge between the advertising to sales ratio that you show versus what Wrigley was spending and what some of the other companies spend which is above your rate and maybe that’s the difference in terms of how we’re viewing how much advertising you really need to put back into the business over time.
Dave West: There’s a series of questions in there and they’re all right on target in terms of how we’re thinking about the business and we will provide more depth for you at CAGNY. Let me try and take them on for you right now. With respect to advertising to sales we don’t really think about it as the total company should have a ratio of “x” percent. We are certainly looking at it brand by brand, each of the brands is positioned in a way that it is speaking to either a need state or a certain set of consumer and we believe that the way we are positioning the brands that those brands are incremental, at least somewhat incremental. When we start to talk about brining Mounds, Almond Joy and York, supporting them with advertising them for the first time in many, many years we do that because we think they’re positioned in a unique way with consumer where we think that we’ll get an incremental lift from that so that we’re not switching brands with each other. We look at each of the brands on a monthly basis in terms of the ROI and the lifts. What we’re very encouraged, for example, we started Twizzlers and Kit Kat advertising in 2009, we drove mid to high single digit take away when you look at them across all channels on Twizzlers and Kit Kat for example in 2009. The advertising responsiveness was very good. Reese’s which we’ve been on air for a number of years continue the two cup Reese business continues to be up very, very strongly.  When you look at the response that we’re getting and we track it on a regular basis we feel pretty good about it. Therefore we think that it still makes sense as an investment. The important thing that I think we do with that advertising is we then couple the advertising and activate it at retail with our sales force. Our programming has been very thematic, we talked about how we’ve been doing it Easter and Halloween where we’ve been running seasonal specific advertising and then we activate that at retail with the sales force. We think we’ve got it lined up and it seems to be working very well. In the face of a significant price increase of roughly 10% to 11% across the line which we took in August ’08 and went into the marketplace and even higher than 10% on some of the promoted price points, we think that advertising is one of the reasons that we were able to improve the take away throughout the year, our conversion and our volume declines certainly improved throughout the year.  As we head to 2010 we think the formula is right, we continue to have the advertising, we’ll continue to invest in retail. We have a little bit of carry over pricing obviously in the Valentine’s and Easter seasons in the beginning of the year here. We’ll have more brands on air and so we think we have the right model here to drive some decent top line growth here in 2010.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Did the cost of the sales force versus the competition and that bridging the difference between the total company percentage of sales; is that another way to look at it?
Dave West: I think so. I also think that the comparison to the Wrigley advertising to sales numbers is a little misleading because you have to look at the total basket of spending including trade promotion, couponing, etc. When you look at gum and mint, gum and mint it’s a much more of singles totally impulse oriented category, its something that doesn’t have an aisle business per se, it doesn’t have a seasonal component.  I think the drivers have been different historically in terms of the merchandising strategy. I think the promotional lever in chocolate has tended to be more important. When you look at the mix what Wrigley would have spent historically in a gum and mint portfolio versus something that’s for us more skewed towards chocolate and sugar I don’t think that those are apple to apples in terms of a comparison. I do think that we’re at a place with the brands; we think that as we come through 2010 and we add Mounds, Almond Joy and York we think we’re getting to competitive levels on those brands and feeling pretty good about the returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens – JP Morgan
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Judging from your remarks where clearly we’ve lapped the price increases on the single bars and we do have this residual seasonal price increase, it sounds like you’re not really contemplating at this point another list price increase as we move through this year.
Dave West: I’m not going to talk about pricing in terms of anything going forward. What I will only talk about is what we’ve done in the past.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Given the that perspective, at what point do your models show your volumes beginning to turn positive?
Dave West: As you look at what we talked about for 2010 we’ll have some carry over pricing which is all we’ve announced at this point in time. We need to have volumes turn positive. Obviously the business is a bit unique in the first part of the year because we’re still taking Valentine’s and Easter to new promoted price point, they were price protected last year. We should start to see some volume gains as we get out through the year.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Obviously I was trying to get you to give us some sort of guidance on what kind of price volume algorithm you’re contemplating on the top line, maybe that should wait for CAGNY as well unless you care to share it now.
Dave West: I think I’ll pass.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Following up on Eric’s question. I recognize your answer that Wrigley isn’t exactly comparable in terms of relative advertising but could you give us, clearly you believe the relative advertising percentage you have right now is adequate because you’ve done such a good job raising it. Is there a number or a range in terms of relative sales that you get to in 2011 or 2012 where you say no more 30% or 35% type increases?
Dave West: I think what we’ve been doing is you have to recognize what we’ve been doing as we’ve been going along, not only getting to what we think are threshold and/or sustaining levels on the brands, we’ve added more brands throughout. We started back in ’08 we really focused first on Hershey’s and Reese’s and then the latter part of ’08 and certainly in ’09 on Kisses and getting to Kit Kat and Twizzlers through ’09 and now in ’10 adding in York, Mounds, and Almond Joy. We’ve been adding to the breadth as well as getting those brands to what we think are sustaining levels of GRPs. I think we’re now at the place where we have seven or eight core brands that we’re promoting when you think about Hershey’s Bliss and some of the work we’re also doing on Ice Breakers. We measure them all individually and we will continue to view that as a good investment as long as the ROI is positive. We look at the ROI on that spending as well as the mix of the entire basket of promotion plus advertising and we’re making marginal spend decisions based on what is returning the best for our dollar. As we’ve continued to invest in brands like Reese’s in the third year of fairly heavy copy we’re still seeing very good returns on that. We’re watching it; we’ll continue to invest in it as long as it makes sense within the P&L framework and its driving good top line return.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: When you think about your balance sheet right now, you’re at least a turn and a half of EBITDA below the industry averages for investment grade, perfectly stable, perfectly comfortable companies that frankly aren’t increasing their relative advertising spend at 50% and 35% clips. You have $100 million share repurchase, you could be buying back 20% of this company if you wanted to and stay in the middle of those ranges. Why aren’t you more aggressive in share repurchase right now and do you plan to get more aggressive in the coming quarters?
Bert Alfonso: In terms of the balance sheet, we ended the year quite pleased with our performance. As I mentioned, we had cash flow certainly at the upper ranges of what we’ve been able to generate in the past. We certainly value that a credit and as we talked with the Board we announced this morning a dividend increase. With respect to other forms of getting value back to the shareholder, certainly that’s a Board level decision and a discussion where we are today is the appropriate discussion to be having. I would say that you’re observation is one that is a similar discussion as we’re having internally.
Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Is that somewhat of a reflection of your, Dave mentioned in his comments too, of your preference to keep some acquisition flexibility?
Dave West: As we look at our capital structure in general I think acquisition flexibility has always played a role. We were certainly a bit more conservative toward the back half of ’08 and the majority of ’09 as the market uncertainty really that made sense to us to preserve cash and to be more conservative with respect to what was going on in the markets. As we see that starting to thaw a bit we’re encouraged by our cash flow, encouraged by the balance sheet that we do have. I would say that M&A flexibility has always been part of our capital structure thinking and that’s no different going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: I’m trying to get at what you’re guiding to from an operating line perspective. I want to make sure I heard you right, if EPS is going to grow 6% to 8% it sounds like pension and tax is going to provide 2% to 4% of that and you’ve got sales up 3% to 5%. It sounds like operating profit growth is going to be flat to up 2% do I have that right?
Bert Alfonso: We’re expecting a continuation of gross margin expansion this year. We have a number of things that are still quite positive for us. I mentioned the supply chain transformation, we have incremental savings in that regard. We have a very active productivity program aside from that particular program. Now that we have, I think we’ve mentioned in the past, now that we have our manufacturing footprint at a more stable basis we see productivity opportunities and inputs going in and inputs going out through that. We’re certainly expecting gross margin expansion. Below that we already talked about 25% to 30% advertising increase. My view on that is your observation on taxes is correct and we do have a little bit of pension benefit. Interest we think will be a little bit higher than it was this year as rates start to climb and we think that’ll happen more towards the back half of the year so that’s the only other component that we didn’t talk about when we did give the range of $90 to $100 million.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: You’re going to have gross margin expansion, I recognize all the things that you just listed in there but when we look at where cocoa, dairy and sugar are, those look like pretty profound increases and it sounds like you might have some nice hedges in terms of cocoa and sugar and I doubt you’re going to want to elaborate on when those are going to come off. Can you remind us how you buy dairy and if we’re looking at dairy prices, when we should think about those flowing through your P&L?
Dave West: Our input costs in the current spot market are high. We have an active hedging program and so what we’re talking about in terms of gross margin actually takes that into account as well as the productivity which we mentioned which is an offset to the input costs. There’s no forward market per se for fluid dairy which is an important component for us. Dairy prices have started to increase; they’re certainly off the lows. We’re not expecting them to reach the 2008 highs during this year but we do think there continues to be volatility in commodities and we’re watching it closely.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Is it a six month lag; is it a three month lag from the spot dairy price? Is there any guidance you can give us on that?
Dave West: No, we really don’t give guidance on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: People have already asked about the cadence of the volume for 2010. I’m curious about the market share. You were down 40 basis points in the fourth quarter and you kind of just described it related to the premium gift items. Can you tell us how much of the market share decline was specifically related to that? Do you expect your share to improve quite a bit in the first half or should we expect market share to be lagging in the first half and improving in the second?
Dave West: What I would tell you on the market share some of it is the premium, obviously that we talked about Cacao Reserve and Starbucks and some of the gifting. Remember also that we had some continued difficulties in the drug class of trade. Some of that is premium and some of that was programming that we didn’t lap very well. I think those were the two big drivers, we had talked about those when we talked on the October call. We were not surprised by the share loss in the fourth quarter, we had expected that we would lose share. As we go into 2010 we would expect that they’ll be a little bit of continued pressure. Valentine’s is again a holiday that’s got a lot of premium in gifting in it. We may not perform quite as well there. We think we’ll do better at Easter. We had a very good Easter last year and we’re very pleased with our Easter programming this year. As the year goes on obviously the advertising and other factors kick in.  I think the first quarter may look a little bit more in measured channels like the fourth did but I think for the full year 2010 we would expect market share to be something that look similar. Full year last year we were up a tenth of a point so I would think about 2010 similarly to 2009 for the full year.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: When you look at the competitive structure of pricing and promotions that you see out there, are you seeing a rational environment, are you seeing overly aggressive environment from your competitors or pretty much the same as you’ve always seen?
Dave West: I don’t think there’s any way you can say it’s pretty much like we’ve always seen because there was a significant change in pricing in the actual market last year. We pretty much did what we said we were going to do and I think that from a consumer and customer standpoint we saw the reactions that we expected, pretty much as expected.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Your competition raised price also.
Dave West: If you look at your syndicated data pricing in the entire category is higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll – Citi Investments
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: First I’d start off by just acknowledging that you guys had a great year. Nice job repairing the advertising budget and the significant gains in both gross and operating margins. No one else seems to want to acknowledge it but you guys are doing a great job. One question about the quarter itself, can you tell us what the volume decline was in the quarter? I think you said it improved sequentially but can you put a dimension around that?
Bert Alfonso: We both mentioned that there was a sequential improvement from mid-single digits to low-single digits base volume.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: Base volume was down low single digits. What are the effects of the withdrawal of the Starbucks and Cacao Reserve products and the gifting products? Can you give us a volume impact?
Bert Alfonso: If you think about it in the quarter pricing was roughly 10% that reflects the list pricing through the seasons. We had a low single digit base volume decline. We had a seasonal shift also in the quarter of roughly a point or so if you will and discontinued items. If you think about those, those are worth another couple of points. We had Valentine’s and Easter that will shift in 2010 that shift in the fourth quarter a year ago.  When you think about it, think about it as roughly 10% or so pricing, some low single digit base volume declines and also the discontinued and seasonal shift that take you down where you were. You’re talking about roughly 7% or 8% on the pricing and then you take the volume buy in is low single digit. The volume base low single digit off and then the seasonal and the discontinued items is another couple of points and that’ll get you to where we were.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: Going back to the question on the use of cash. The only thing that wasn’t mentioned was it seems pretty obvious you’re not buying stock in the quarter when you’re contemplating the largest acquisition in your history. I’m not surprised by the fact that we didn’t see any share repurchase. You did acknowledge, I think you said $100 million of an existing authorization so that’s at your discretion to execute whenever you see fit and I would assume that would be forthcoming. I suppose what I really want to get after is just the balance sheet leverage its just fabulously low relative to the rest of the sector. Is there anything here that is just obvious that would want to detract from buying back the stock in your opinion?
Dave West: I’m not going to get into the specifics of what we’re going to do with respect to the balance sheet. I think Bert covered it very well. We increased our dividend yesterday, announced it today. I think that again we had record cash flows from operations in 2009 and feel very good about that position. We do have the remaining share repurchases, and as Bert said, I said it as well, we’re open to M&A it’s always been something that’s factored into our equation and we want to leave those levers available.  It’s certainly a Board level conversation and we have them continually. I don’t want to get into anything more specific than that other than that we’re happy with the cash flow performance of the business in ’09 and very pleased with our balance sheet and our finance folks here have done a great job.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: Is there a date already set for the net Board meeting?
Dave West: Yes.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: Can you tell us what the date is?
Dave West: I’d rather not. I don’t want to get into talking about our internal governance. Actually our dates not only are set for 2010 they’re set for 2011. It’s really not relevant.
David Driscoll – Citi Investments: Big picture, I feel like after this whole discussion about whether or not you’re going to get involved in the Cadbury discussions or not, people now question whether or not the company really has any kind of sustainable top line growth. The US category has done well for many years and I think people just need to hear you talk about why this is a good category and your expectations.  You already made a couple of comments about 2010 in the volume numbers to Terry but again why are you confident that the top line can grow and I believe your guidance at 3% to 5% its very strong relative to what we hear from other companies with US operations. Can you give people some color on this and explain your confidence?
Dave West: I think at CAGNY we’ll certainly talk about the category. We continue to believe we are in an advantaged category, its expandable, its highly impulse oriented, it’s a destination category because of the seasonal component of it, certainly three or four times a year the retailer really has a desire to display the category. The category growth rate last year was, in FDMXC was up 4.4%. We are certainly looking at a long term 3% to 4% growth rate category. When you think about our ability to be advantaged in that category and continue to grow with or ahead of that category growth rate we feel very confident in our ability to do that.  Our international business outside of the US and Canada has been growing at almost 20% compound over the last five years. That’s a nice additive. We’re pleased with that growth in terms of where we are but then you also look at the rest of the world and even despite Mars and Wrigley and Kraft and Cadbury, if Kraft and Cadbury closes its still a fragmented global category with opportunities out there to expand.  As Bert has already mentioned, we have a very strong balance sheet. We feel good about where we’re positioned. We feel that we did the right things in terms of taking a disciplined look at an asset that was available. It didn’t work for us within the framework that we had established but that doesn’t mean that we’re not highly competent in our business model.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: I was hoping to take a step back and look at your capacity utilization and whether there’s a need to further shrink capacity. You commented that for this year your volume declines were somewhat less then you had forecast. I’m wondering whether you take a broader step back to February 2007 when you unveiled the supply chain transformation program, your capacity utilization then you were citing was in the low 60s and you wanted to get to about 85% by 2010. Are you still on track to do that?  It would seem like the denominator or the production in place you made good progress in reducing but just wondering given the volume shifts that we’ve seen whether you’re still on tract to get to that mid 80’s capacity utilization or whether further shrinkage in the business is needed.
Dave West: I think we’ll talk a little bit about that and recap some of those numbers at CAGNY. We are very, very pleased with the global supply chain transformation. Our operations folks have done a really fabulous job in what is a very complex and large project, the largest one in the company’s history. It has gone very smoothly and without a hiccup. You see the improvements in our balance sheet and working capital numbers are very, very strong and that’s largely part of the footprint and the improvements in the operations. We’ll continue to look at our cost structure.  We are now in a position in 2010 to look at how we supply the new supply chain, if you will. We really focused in ’08 and ’09 on the manufacturing footprint and that now leaves us with a number of opportunities as we go into 2010 and ’11 in terms of how to supply into in terms of procurement and then also how to deliver out of it with transportation, warehousing and logistics improvements. We’re very focused on those improvements here in 2010 and ’11. We’re always going to constantly look at capacity utilization and our network to make sure it’s optimized. I think we’ll have a little bit more just to share some of the numbers with you post global supply chain transformation at CAGNY.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: In the meantime could you give an estimate as to what you averaged in terms of capacity utilization for ’09? I know that point in time estimates are for year end are skewed by seasonal factors.
Dave West: We’ll cover that in a couple of weeks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Looking out into 2010 I think somebody else raised the question of premium strategy. I’m assuming that at some point hopefully the economy will start to recover and I guess for 2009 the focus was very much on the non-premium part of the market. Do you anticipate that you’ll have a big push to get back into the premium segment or do you think you’re really going to focus on the core non-premium part of the portfolio?
Dave West: I hope you’re right that the consumer and the economy get better in 2010. That’s the first thing. We did focus in ’08 and ’09 was really on our mainstream core brands where consumer were looking for continued value with great brands so that was something that we were able to provide them and talk to them about specifically through advertising and good merchandising. We continue to support Hershey’s Bliss. We supported it strongly in year two in 2009; we’ll support it again strongly in year three in 2010. In that trade up space we feel very good about how Bliss is performing. When you talk about mainstream and trade up we have fairly well defined those strategies.  We obviously, while we are not launching anything in the premium space right now we don’t think its appropriate, that doesn’t mean that we’re not working on that within our innovation pipeline. When you think about the entire year 2010 one of the drivers for us in terms of improving our volume is our new products program in 2010 will be stronger than what we had in 2009. That’s not to say that it’s going to be in the premium space but it will be stronger overall. We’re ready for when the market returns and premium might become a part of that. We don’t have anything that I specifically talk about right now.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Did you give a dollar number for how many millions of dollars increase in commodity costs there might be in 2010?
Bert Alfonso: No we didn’t. Last year we gave one given the year on year increase; it’s not nearly as large of an increase this year. Given where the commodities markets have been they’ve just been more similar to last year. Certainly there are input cost increases in 2010 we just didn’t put a number on it like last year because of different order of magnitude.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: I’m still struggling to reconcile the sales number in the fourth quarter with tight volume and discontinued items. If I looked at your reported sales growth of 2.2%, one point of that was currency so underlying up 1.2% ex currency, you said pricing was up 7% to 8% in the quarter and then the discontinued items were about two points of a drag. I’m getting to a underlying volume still down about 4% does that math work or is there a bigger drag in terms of the discontinued items.
Bert Alfonso: There are base volume declines which as we said were low single digit. There is a seasonal shift which accounts for roughly a point or so of sales. Then there’s the discontinued items which is not only the Starbucks and Cacao Reserve but it’s also we had an online gifting business that was in our numbers in 2008 that was not in the numbers in 2009.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: If you think about the price increases in the fourth quarter it looked like clearly the third quarter was up double digit and it slowed to 7% to 8% and the base volume responds when you think about the sequential improvement, certainly you saw that improvement but relative to the pricing moderating I’m not sure if you saw the sequential improvement as much as you would have liked to have seen. Is this still in line with what you would have expected as pricing moderated that you would see a more moderate volume decline? My second question is in terms of the c-store category. I think the category in the fourth quarter was up 2.3% which seems to be somewhat slower then the other channels. I’m wondering if you can just talk about what’s going on in that channel.
Dave West: With respect to pricing and conversion in the fourth quarter and throughout the year 2009 as I said the market place behaved pretty much as we would expect. We certainly had stronger conversion in the first half of the year than we would have modeled but we were pretty much on model in the back half of the year. You’re right about where we would have expected it to be on the pricing and the conversion. With respect to convenience stores, obviously the early part of 2009 had a much stronger pricing component in it. We were very pleased with our chocolate and non-chocolate take away in convenience channels throughout the fourth quarter. We underperformed on gum and that dragged our take away down somewhat. Overall we were up in a reasonable way in the fourth quarter. We feel very good about programming going forward in the convenience class of trade for 2010. We would have expected as the price increases got normalized and were lapping like increases that the convenience channel would slow a bit in the fourth quarter and it did.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: In terms of the gross margin expansion in 2010 that you’re expecting, is it on top of the 2009 number that did include some of the LIFO gains in the fourth quarter?
Bert Alfonso: Yes it is on top of the LIFO gains so we’re not excluding that. I mentioned non-recurring because it doesn’t happen frequently. It was really primarily, we use LIFO accounting and as we reduced our inventories as part of the supply chain transformation then working capital initiatives we got that. Yes, it doesn’t exclude that, it’s incremental to that.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: You said it was about 100 basis points of a benefit in the fourth quarter?
Bert Alfonso: That’s correct.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Can you quantify the costs related to the Cadbury transaction or the advisory fee that you paid out in the fourth quarter?
Bert Alfonso: Yes, I mentioned that they were about equal to the LIFO.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: From the perspective of your earnings guidance for 2010 I’m assuming that does not necessarily contemplate what you could do one way or another with the cash that has come up throughout the call.
Bert Alfonso: That’s correct.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: You’d mentioned last call that you were going to increase trade spend here and there just to ease consumer transition, some of the new higher promoted price points. Given it didn’t necessarily come up specifically on the call I assume there is nothing really out of the ordinary with that, you didn’t need maybe more than you assumed or less than you assumed. How did that process go?
Dave West: When we talked about the price increases and trying to get to higher promoted price points which is what we wanted to do within our business, I think that went about as we would have expected. Within the direct trade spending obviously our spend is much more around getting location and merchandising and less about price reduction.  I guess the only abnormal thing I would say, not abnormal, I guess its going to become normal in 2009 was the return of couponing as a large part of the mix. Coupons were up pretty close to 30% across most of the categories in 2009. I think that’s one of the elements of the mix that given where the consumer’s mindset is right now would be about the only significant change I would point to in ’09.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: You said you’ll get into a lot more detail on the productivity opportunity and what have you at CAGNY. I’m trying to get a sense of, the best you can do is you benchmark where you’re at in terms of your supply chain numbers in ’09 and assumption on your ongoing productivity. It would seem like you still have some room if you benchmark you against peers. Obviously a lot of your peers have been more recently ramping up their productivity efforts as well given the environment. I’m trying to get a sense of as you get into this at CAGNY; can you say that these are programs that will be more ongoing in nature? Meaning things for which the costs you’ll absorb in the P&L as you go rather than necessarily incremental charges like we saw as part of the supply chain program?
Dave West: We’ll talk about it, sourcing and procurement opportunities, logistics and supply chain opportunities and then also as we look at our, in the longer term the way we use sales technology and work with retail partners, there’s an opportunity for us to be much more efficient and that’s one of the advantages of having the dedicated direct sales force. We’ll talk about those as all of those levers as ongoing productivity. We at a minimum obviously want to offset inflation and we feel pretty good that we’ve got programs that can do better than that into the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Are there any residual Cadbury expenses that you take in Q1 or is that all in Q4?
Bert Alfonso: There’s very little in Q1 and that’s built into our 2010 forecast.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: You mentioned early on about international growth over the last five years. Could you give us a feel for how that performed in 2009, excluding currency of course?
Dave West: In 2009 you’re quite right, currency was quite a big impact and it was a drag for the first three quarters. If you exclude currency we had organic growth in all of our markets including or excluding if you want to the Van Houten business that we acquired last January.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Could you give a composite number? Was international growth up, what percentage of your total sales or give us some feel for that?
Dave West: No, we don’t provide separate sales figures on the international business.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you say how much it was up for the year?
Dave West: We’ll actually cover it, we’ll release it in the K and we’ll talk a little bit about it at CAGNY in terms of where we were in 2009.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Regarding your market share, I know you had a number of unique factors in this quarter like Cacao Reserve and Starbucks that were weighing on your volume. Excluding that it looks like your market share would have been down a little bit, maybe flat. Is that a good number for the fourth quarter?
Dave West: I wouldn’t necessarily want to get into decomposing the building blocks by brand or by event. We expected that we would lose share in the fourth quarter. It was largely due to premium and drug. We lost 1.9 share points in the drug class of trade which is a pretty meaningful class of trade for us in the fourth quarter. Those were the two biggest drivers. I don’t think you can really decompose and say it’s due to a brand or it’s due to something it really is those two events. Overall we gains a tenth of a share point FDMXC in 2009. We think that with everything all of the moving parts in the marketplace that that’s a reasonable performance and we would expect to be able to continue that in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane – Bank of America
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: In terms of the guidance or the cadence you’ve given in terms of helping modeling out profits and gross margins, it sounds like it front half loaded with pricing and cost savings flowing through more in the first half of the year than the second half. Is your expectation for cost inflation that it will be higher in the second half than the first half or should we just think about it as being consistent across the year?
Dave West: The way we’re looking at it right now is we’ve built all of our expectations into our standard costs. As a result we use standard obviously as the way we reflect our gross margins. It’s evenly spread throughout the quarters. The one point that I would say is dairy obviously we’ve made certain assumptions around dairy and we think that that will increase some but not spike to the levels that we saw in 2008 when there was drought in Australia and New Zealand and things like that. The global supply chain you’ve already mentioned which yes we’ve ended the program; there are still some incremental benefits. By the time you get to around mid-year that equalizes.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: If I were to understand, if there’s any variability to the standard cost for cash in 2010 its really going to be dairy that would drive it not the other inputs?
Dave West: I would say there could be obviously pricing that occurs in commodity variability. Dairy certainly is the one that has the most potential to impact. The other element that we mentioned which aids the first half is that the pricing which remains built into the P&L on Valentine’s, particularly Easter because we ship a lot of Valentine’s in the fourth quarter, is certainly front end loaded.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: About mix, I understand the premium category is slowing down. Are there opportunities within your margin to actually move up the mix either between single serve or is it reducing the bags or is there a channel shift anywhere that you think this is a mix component outside of pure cost savings and supply chain in this environment? Can you talk about that a little bit?
Dave West: There always are opportunities. We actually think very much about that with respect to our planning. When we plan out customer plans and we plan out against promoting pack types etc. we look at mix continuously. I think that continuing to grow in convenience, our king size business continuing to grow; those are things that are very positive and favorable with respect to mix. When you look at 2010 versus 2009 there isn’t any real significant change in the portfolio expect to sell that would tell you we’ll have a significant mix shift in 2010. It is something that we are always working towards to make sure that we take advantage of either more profitable customers and/or classes of trade.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Kedra – Gabelli & Company
Kevin Kedra – Gabelli & Company: In looking at Cadbury did that change from a management or Board perspective the level of leverage that you’d be comfortable with as a company? There was some talk about being open to M&A how does this change your fine tuning on thoughts on globalization strategy whether future M&A would come in existing markets, international markets or domestically?
Dave West: I think we’ve said in the past in terms of international markets that, it’s not unlike a lot of other organizations; we certainly have a greater focus on emerging markets. If you see where we’ve gone in the past we’ve had a good Mexican business for quite some time, we entered into a joint venture in Brazil, same in India where we’re active manufacturing JV in China and there are other markets that are interesting to us. I think we said in the past that in terms of the European market is more mature perhaps more difficult to get into. Emerging market because of the faster growth rates and the living standards increasing there. That continues to be our focus. In terms of do we have a different perspective on leverage, I think not. We’ve always said that we very much value the A rating that we have. As you would expect we did an awful lot of modeling and discussions around different leverage levels. Philosophically we intend to have a strong balance sheet and the whole capital structure discussion really is a Board level discussion which the Board has an awful lot of input to. I don’t think it has changed the way we approach it.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer – UBS
David Palmer – UBS: The Hershey results remind me a little bit, I guess it was over a decade ago when the beer industry and its players started to accept that low volume and perhaps stable per capita consumption was the reality for a long time. Pricing by the large players became the repeating driver of the top line and CapEx was lower than depreciation for a long time, driving above average free cash flow. It somewhat looks like Hershey today.  Is it possible that even after the consumer gets its feet under it that the US chocolate players accept that long term per capita increases in consumption are simply not going to be realistic long term and that we could be seeing the beginning of a period which price increases with heavy reinvestment in advertising is a virtuous cycle and a healthy earnings driver for perhaps several years.
Dave West: What I would tell you is that the category has consistently grown 3% to 4% for many, many years. The drivers are different depending on the set of circumstances. Some years its price increases, some years its volume from innovation, some years its base volume, other years it’s been mix in terms of some of the shifting between either gum and mints and chocolate. The category has been fairly consistent and robust in a difficult economic time. It actually was even better than historical last year, this year it happened to be driven by relative increases in price.  We are very pleased that the conversion has been better; unit conversion has been stronger than what the pricing models would have told us. As we continue to look at our business going forward we view this as a very dynamic on trend category, it’s an advantage category and we’re going to make the appropriate investments in it to drive growth here. I don’t view it as a category that doesn’t have the capability to continue to be advantaged and drive good growth for us into the future. Pricing actions in 2008/2009 were necessary given the commodity cost structure that we encountered and that happens from time to time in this business but it is not a signal that the only growth in this category can come from pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Cox – Kepler
Jon Cox – Kepler: If I can come back to the commodity price question and you’ve not mentioned anything about pricing. It seems to me that the cocoa prices, sugar prices and milk prices are all going upwards. I’m wondering what you might have planned, I know you ducked the question a little bit in terms of pricing for this year. It seems that you’re going to have to increase prices and I think Cadbury alluded to that last week as they were partly being taken over, but were saying they would need to increase prices as well. I can’t see any reason you can’t increase prices. I wonder if you can comment on that to start with. 
Dave West: We’re not going to talk about any kind of a forward look at pricing structure; it’s not something that we’re going to do. It’s a competitive category dynamic and we aren’t going to comment on it in public.
Jon Cox – Kepler: Your potential M&A activity, you alluded to the fact that potentially in some of the emerging markets. I wondered if you could be a bit more specific with regards to maybe where you might be looking to expand. Obviously at home it looks like pretty much everything is done there. I’m wondering, what about Europe for example or is it mainly you’d be looking more for the emerging markets?
Dave West: We have looked at emerging markets; we’ve made acquisitions over the last several years and/or have joint ventures. Brazil manufacturing joint venture, in China a joint venture, in India certainly we’ve made an acquisition in Southeast Asia, one in Mexico in the last few years. Emerging markets continues to be where we’re looking. That’s about all I would say. As Bert said, it’s the attractive growth rate in some of those economies going forward are what we’re looking at.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you very much for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Matt Miller and myself will be available for any additional questions that you may have as you work through your notes and models.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - Vice President, Investor Relations David J. West - President, Chief Executive Officer Humberto P. Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Alexia Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan David Palmer - UBS David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar- Barclays Capital
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hershey Company third quarter 2009 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) You may begin the conference. 
Mark Pogharian: My name is Mark Pogharian. I head the Investor Relations group at the Hershey Company. We welcome all of you on the call today for Hershey's third quarter 2009 conference call. David West, President and CEO, Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO, and I, will represent Hershey on this morning’s call. We also welcome those of you listening in via the Web cast. Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements, which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2008 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate Web site www.hersheys.com in the Investor Relations section.  Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheets and the summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statements of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we’ve said in the press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP; rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our third quarter 2009 results excluding net pre-tax charges. The majority of charges in both 2009 and 2008 are associated with the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program. These pre-tax charges were $11.0 million and $31.0 million in the third quarters of 2009 and 2008. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignment initiatives. Lastly, over the last two months or so there have been numerous unconfirmed media stories related to the Hershey and confectionary industry consolidation. Per Hershey Company policy, we will not comment on, or address, these speculative stories during today's question and answer session, nor will we discuss any other potential industry M&A matters. With all of that behind us, let me turn the call over to Dave West.
David J. West: Good morning everybody. I am pleased with Hershey's third quarter results. Net sales were in line with our expectations, as we are lapping the impact of last year's buy-in and our decision in the second quarter of 2009 to discontinue Starbuck's and Cacao Reserve. Excluding these items, third quarter net sales would have been about in line with retail takeaway. From a profitability perspective, earnings came in a bit better than our expectations. Our overall commodity cost profile was higher this quarter than in 2008. However, similar to the first half of the year, dairy prices did not materially increase versus our estimate and volume elasticity in the convenience store channel was better than our original forecast. In terms of Hershey's marketplace performance, total candy, mint, and gum, or CMG, retail consumer takeaway, for the 12 weeks ending October 3 and the year-to-date periods, per our custom database, in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business, was up a strong 4.8% and 7.8% respectively. As a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass, mass here including Walmart, and convenience stores. This is higher than the SMEX stated that most of you received from IRI or Nielsen. While an important part of our business, SMEX captures only about half of our retail takeaway and excludes one of our larger mass customers, as well as c-stores, our most profitable channel. Within food, drug, mass, excluding Walmart and convenience, or FDMXC, the category also continues to grow. Year-to-date CMG is up 4.5% in the measured channels, greater than the historical growth rate of about 3% to 4%. In the third quarter CMG was up 2.7%. Again, this is excluding Walmart. As we look to 2010 we would expect historical growth rates to prevail in the category, although the underlying drivers of this growth may differ. Total category growth and Hershey retail takeaway was approximately the same, at 2.7%. As a result, market share was flat in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis we have gained 0.3 points of market share in FDMXC. We continue to perform particularly well and gain share in the food and convenience channels, where retail takeaway and market share performance have been relatively predictable and consistent. Our continued successful performance in these two classes of trade, as a result of the targeted investments we've made in the channels over the last 18 months, related to our sales force, consumer insights, and in-store merchandising. Overall, the category continues to be driven by mainstream, every-day confections, as the premium, gifting, and novelty subsegments remain soft. Specifically, within the food class of trade, CMG grew by 4.7%, while Hershey takeaway increased 5.5% in the third quarter. This resulted in a market share gain of 0.2 points. In Q3 Hershey's food class of trade chocolate and non-chocolate takeaway was up 5.1% and 12.3% respectively, resulting in a market share gain of 0.1 points and 0.3 points. These results were driven by increased levels of core brand advertising, including new Twizzlers and Kit Kat Topping, as well as in-store merchandising supporting the Hershey's Smores' campaign, the Reese's Loves You Back promotion, and the Share the Bliss promotion. As it relates to the new promoted price points in the food channel, the Smores promotional volume elasticity was within our estimated range. This year's Halloween season is marked by a bit of an unusual calendar, with Labor Day as late as possible, on September 7, and then October 31 falling on a weekend. With this pattern we expect purchases to be especially compressed. To date, retail customer Halloween orders and sell-through are about on track with our expectations, although we will not have a complete read on sell-through for another couple of weeks. We believe we have the right mix of seasonal-specific advertising, couponing, and programming lined up to help consumers adjust to the new promoted price points. Turning now to the c-store class of trade where the category was up 3.8%, in the third quarter Hershey's c-store takeaway increased for the sixth consecutive quarter and was up 5.8%, resulting in a share gain of 0.5 points. In Q3, Hershey's c-store chocolate and non-chocolate takeaway was up 7.3% and 9.3%. Similar to the first half of the year, these gains were driven by price realization, king-size distribution gains, and strong in-store selling and merchandising. Additionally, while volume was off, it continues to be better than our elasticity models had predicted. This was driven by successful programming and retail activity, including the Reese's Perfect Pit Stop Nascar promotion and 2-for-2.50 King Size promotion and our Hershey's Rock Your Block standard bar program to win a private concert with Rascal Flatts. As we enter the fourth quarter, we have lapped the benefit of the price increase in the convenience store channel and expect retail takeaway dollar growth to slow this. The biggest drag on our overall FDMXC marketplace results in Q3 was our performance in the drug class of trade. Retail takeaway declined and our market share was off 1.8 points. There are a number of dynamics at play in this channel. This remains an important class of trade and we are working with our strategic customers to ensure sustainable, long-term growth, however, we do expect the drug channel to remain a headwind on our overall marketplace performance into the fourth quarter. As we close the year, we will be active in the food, mass, and convenience channels with greater levels of brand-building initiatives, including core-brand merchandising and consumer promotions around the holiday and baking season, as well as the launch of Hershey's Special Dark, Almond Joy, and York pieces, and the introduction of Hershey's Bliss White Chocolate. Additionally, Q4 advertising will increase and full-year advertising expense is not expected to be up about 50% in 2009. As we stated in the second quarter, our strong first half results enable us to initiate several key strategic projects in the back half of the year. This work has commenced as we exited the third quarter. The acceleration of these domestic and international investments in our consumer capabilities, customer insights, and category management techniques, will benefit the company and our customers over the long term, but we will feel some incremental expense impact in Q4. To wrap up, despite the macroeconomic challenges facing the consumer, the category continues to grow across retail channels. The advertising and consumer investments we've made in the business in 2009 have enabled us to overcome the top-line challenges, especially price elasticity impacts that we faced entering the year. Recall, our initial outlook for sales growth was 2% to 3%. In totality, the advertising, consumer promotion, selling capabilities, and merchandising, have combined to help drive greater customer and consumer conversion, which has progressively improved as we increased our investment throughout the year. Therefore, as I mentioned earlier, we will continue to make appropriate investments to ensure a healthy category while driving our everyday and seasonal business. We expect full-year 2009 net sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term target and adjusted earnings per share diluted to be in the $2.12 to $2.14 range. As we plan for 2010 we believe consumer confidence will continue to be a challenge, however, similar to 2009, we will make the investments in our brands to support unit conversion progression. We, therefore, expect 2010 net sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term objective. While early, based on our current views related to the economy, our consumer investment and resulting marketplace performance, as well as the profile of our cost structure, we expect growth and adjusted earnings per share diluted to be within our long-term objective of 6% to 8%. I am proud of the work and the commitment across the entire Hershey organization. There were many unknowns as we entered 2009. We were in the early stages of a new and evolving go-to-market strategy focused much more on consumer pull. We were undertaking a transformation of our global supply chain and we were executing a material but necessary price increase across the entire product line in the face of steep input cost pressures. All of this against the backdrop of macroeconomic uncertainty. Our iconic brands, brands that consumers love and trust, coupled with strong organizational commitment and execution, have helped deliver strong year-to-date results while positioning us to deliver in both Q4, and importantly, against our long-term goals. I will now turn it over to Bert Alfonso, who will provide some additional financial detail.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Third quarter consolidated net sales of $1.484 billion was slightly down versus the prior year by minus 0.4% and in line with our expectations. Adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.73 increased 14% year-over-year. This was primarily due to price realization, better than expected volume trends versus our original estimates within convenience store and [inaudible] and supply chain efficiencies and productivity. There were a lot of moving parts in the third quarter sales figure but before I get into the details, let me remind you that in the year-ago period sales increased 6.4%, including about 2% from the buy-in related to the August 2008 price increase. Third quarter 2009 gains were realized from U.S. price realization, partially offset by volume declines driven by pricing elasticity, unfavorable foreign currency exchange of about 1 point and previously communicated 2009 mid-year actions to discontinue the Starbucks and Cacao Reserve product lines. During the third quarter, adjusted operating gross margin increased 480 basis points, driven by net price realization, supply chain efficiencies, and productivity savings. These margin gains more than offset higher input costs of about 175 basis points, primarily reflecting total consolidated cost increases for raw materials. In addition, higher employee benefit costs, including pension expense for our manufacturing facilities, also reduced gross margin in the third quarter. Our year-over-year commodity cost impact was significant, however, similar to the first half of the year, the impact in the third quarter was less than we originally expected, primarily due to lower dairy costs. At this point in the year, we have good visibility in for our dairy needs at spot market prices and do not expect material dairy price inflation in the fourth quarter.  Also in the fourth quarter we are cycling the decline of dairy prices which started in the year-ago period, therefore dairy costs will not be as favorable in the fourth quarter comparison. Third quarter adjusted income before interest and income taxes increased 15.8%, resulting in pro forma EBIT margin expansion of 280 basis points to 19.6% from 16.8%. This was driven primarily by price realization, supply chain savings and productivity, which were partially offset by higher advertising and market research, pension expense, and employee-related costs. We continue to invest in our core brand and advertising and expense will increase 53% in the quarter as we are on air supporting core brands, including Hershey's, Reese's, traditional Silver Kisses, Hershey's Bliss, and also began to air Twizzler and Kit Kat Topping. Now let me provide a brief update of our international businesses. The countries where we operate are facing many of the same economic challenges as are impacting the U.S. Overall, on a constant currency basis, and excluding the Van Houten business we acquired earlier in the year, sales were up a little more than 1 point.  Our business in Brazil had a solid quarter, with sales up double digits on a constant currency basis, driven by Hershey's flagship brands. This was the best performance since the distribution joint venture with Bauducco. Canada and India confections were slightly up while Mexico and India beverages were slightly down. Total reported international profitability in Q3 was slightly down versus year ago, driven by the investments we made in key markets. In the current fourth quarter we expect to make additional marketing investments in key international markets. Moving down to the P&L, for the quarter interest expense decreased due to lower commercial paper balances and related interest rates. Interest expense was $22.3 million versus $24.9 million in the prior period. In 2009 we expect interest expense to be down about 5% versus 2008. The tax rate for the third quarter was 37.2% and higher than the prior year due to the impact of interim accounting. For the full year 2009 we continue to project a tax rate of about 36%. In the third quarter of 2009 weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 229.6 million versus 228.7 million in 2008, leading to adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.73, up 14% versus year ago. Now let me provide a quick recap of the year-to-date pro forma results. Net sales increased 3.6%. Gross margin was 38.3% year-to-date versus 35.2% last year, or 300 basis points higher. The increase is driven primarily by pricing, partially offset by higher input costs. To date, commodities were unfavorable by about 215 basis points. Advertising increased 49% on a year-to-date basis. Adjusted income before interest and income taxes increased 15.7%, resulting in an EBIT margin gain of 170 basis points, to 16% from 14.3%. Adjusted earnings per share diluted for the nine-month period increased 18.5% to $1.54 per share. Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the third quarter net trading capital decreased versus last year's third quarter, resulting in a cash inflow of $129.0 million.  Accounts receivable was down $47.0 million and remains extremely current and of high quality. We continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging and despite current conditions in the financial markets, we have not seen a significant impact on our customers' payment patterns. Inventory declined by $115.0 million and accounts payable decreased by $32.0 million. This represents 11 consecutive quarters of year-over-year reduction in net trading capital, which is a key focus area. We expect net trading capital to further improve in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by lower inventory. I would also note that inventory of key distributors are at optimal levels due to year-to-date retail takeaway of 7.8% and FDMXCW, which is food, drug, mass, including Walmart and convenience stores. In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software, were $33.0 million in the third quarter and $107.0 million year-to-date. For 2009 we are revising our capital expenditure guidance and targeting total capital additions of $135.0 million to $145.0 million versus our previous estimate of $155.0 million to $165.0 million. About $40.0 million to $50.0 million of the capex forecasted is related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation program. Depreciation and amortization was $45.0 million in the period. Note that there was no accelerated depreciation from the Global Supply Chain Transformation in Q3. Year-to-date reported depreciation and amortization is $139.0 million and included $3.0 million of accelerated depreciation. In 2009 we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of $185.0 million, including accelerated depreciation and amortization of $5.0 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $66.0 million. We did not acquire any stock in the third quarter related to the current repurchase program and there is $100.0 million outstanding on the current authorization. During the quarter we made voluntary pension contributions of $43.0 million to our qualified pension plans to improve our funded status. Assuming the financial markets end the year around September 30 levels, we would not expect pension expense to be a headwind in 2010. Now, let me provide an update of the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program. At present, all scheduled facility closures and major construction of our Monterey, Mexico, facility are essentially complete. We are maintaining our incremental 2009 projected savings of $60.0 million to $80.0 million, bringing the cumulative project to-date savings to $140.0 million to $160.0 million. During the quarter we recorded Global Supply Chain Transformation charges of $11.0 million, which includes $6.0 million of non-cash pension settlement charge, $2.0 million of line start up costs and cost of sales, and $2.0 million of admin expenses reflecting program management costs. The forecast for total charges related to the program is unchanged and expected to be $600.0 million to $665.0 million, including remaining non-cash pension settlement charges of $30.0 million to $40.0 million in 2009 and 2010. For 2009 total GAAP charges related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program are expected to be $100.0 million to $120.0 million, including remaining non-cash pension settlement charges. As the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program is completed and earnings continue to grow, our cash flow will further improve. As we look forward, we will have strategic board-level discussions related to capital structure, share buy-backs and potential dividend increases as well as opportunities to expand our international business. We will balance these considerations and our desire for financial flexibility in recommending to the board how to deploy our excess cash. Now to summarize. We are pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results. In the fourth quarter we expect price realization to have a smaller impact, versus year-to-date. In addition, due to the timing, shipments of Valentine and Easter seasonal products will be lower in the fourth quarter versus 2008. I also remind you that the closure of our online gifts business will have a negative impact on fourth quarter net sales. Continued brand-building initiatives are scheduled for the remainder of the year, including consumer promotions and merchandising. Based on year-to-date results and planned fourth quarter initiatives, we expect 2009 net sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term objective. To ensure that our seasonal offerings are successful in the marketplace in the fourth quarter, we have further increased our full-year advertising expense and expect it to increase about 50% in 2009. We will also incur higher levels of consumer promotion and launch costs related to the introduction of Hershey's Bliss White and the Pieces Lite Up. Given our financial flexibility, we are accelerating domestic and international investments in Q4 in consumer and customer insights and category management capabilities that will benefit the company over the long term. Therefore, we anticipate adjusted earnings per share diluted for the full year to be in the $2.12 to $2.14 range. As we look into 2010 our initial planning assumption is that it will continue to be a challenging economic environment for our customers globally. As such, we will make necessary investments to ensure continued conversion related to last year's price increase. Therefore, we expect net sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term objective. Fourth quarter seasonal sell-through will impact our approach in investments related to upcoming Valentine and Easter seasons, both of which will be at higher seasonal promoted price points. While still early, given our current views of planned marketplace investments and cost structure, we expect 2010 growth in adjusted earnings per diluted share to be within our long-term objective of 6% to 8%. We will now open it up for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Wondering, just looking a little bit forward to 2010, if you could give us some color on the breakdown of the 3% to 5% top-line growth.
David J. West: As we look ahead to 2010, as we said, we will continue to work to invest in the brand and the capabilities so that we can continue to convert consumers to the higher price points. We have a carry-over effect from the price increase that was announced in August of 2008 and so that will continue through Valentines and Easter and then we have a little bit less of an FX headwind but the category has traditionally, historically grown at 3% to 4% levels. The drivers differ by year.  We would expect it to be pretty consistent with that but the most important thing for us is we will continue to invest in conversion. So far we have been pretty much on track with our estimates in terms of how the consumer is going to react. So as we look to next year we will get a little bit of carry-over pricing in the seasonal period.  We will read the effect the consumer has in Halloween and holiday and continue to roll forward with any adjustments that are necessary there, but next year is really about continuing to invest in brands and capabilities.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: It looks like dairy turns inflationary for you in January. One, is that correct? And two, do you feel like you will need to take any pricing to deal with that our will you be able to use internal cost productivity to offset that?
Humberto P. Alfonso: We are not going to address pricing per se. What I would say, consistent with my comments earlier, is that you are right about—in the fourth quarter of this year we will start to have a more comparable dairy cost. And so we expect less of a positive impact on the fourth quarter. As we get into next year we will see how dairy prices act in the marketplace. But they will be more similar to the previous year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein.
Alexia Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein: Just building on Vincent's question on the commodities side, we've obviously just seen cocoa prices hit historic highs in the December futures. I know you have hedged out quite a way on cocoa, but what does the commodity cost outlook look like for next year, given the recent increases in cocoa and sugar prices?
Humberto P. Alfonso: We look at it more in terms of the cost basket, although you are quite right, commodity costs are important to us and we monitor them closely. And at any particular point, depending on where we see value in the market, we do obviously take part in the forward market, with the exception of dairy, where there is not a ready forward market. I would tell you that next year we have a set we are planning on. We do have some additional savings from our Global Supply Chain Transformation, which will continue into next year, and certainly we are expecting top-line growth to help us in that regard. So right now we are looking at the cost factor in totality, commodities plus the other things that we are doing.  The other thing I would add is that within our manufacturing footprint, now that we've largely completed that, we are seeing other opportunities that we did not necessarily include in the initial savings numbers, on the procurement side and taking advantage of the more streamlined footprint that we have. So we are still targeting 6% to 8% next year, within the outlook that we have, taking into account commodities and the rest of the costs.
Alexia Howard – Sanford C. Bernstein: And just another quick follow-up. You mentioned that the timing of Easter shipments is going to be a bit lower in the fourth quarter. Did that benefit you in the third quarter this time around, or was there something strange going on with the timing on that?
David J. West: As we look out in the fourth quarter, Valentines and Easter shipments, which normally have occurred either in the fourth quarter or the first quarter, there's just more of them in the first quarter of next year, so we have actually had some volume that would normally have moved in December, it's just basically sitting on the edge of January and December and now it looks like it's going to move in the first quarter of next year instead of the fourth quarter of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Could you talk a little bit about your comments about 2010? You said that it's still a difficult economic environment out there. Have you seen any changes recently in how retailers are thinking about seasonal categories, what kind of buy-in they're prepared to do?  I read in a trade magazine that Halloween was actually expected to be down 10% category-wide, perhaps because of the higher pricing or just because retailers are just concerned about taking on too much inventory. Can you talk a little bit about that?
David J. West: Yes, I think we continue to see that the consumer is challenged and there is some channel shifting, more oriented toward value channels. There are fewer trips to the store and what we are seeing is a shift towards more eating at home and some more stock-up trips that are more oriented around the time of pay checks and government checks, etc. With respect to the seasons, you have to put in perspective that included in anything that you see as a Halloween category seasonal buy is anything—it's candies included in that, but you're going to see costumes, novelties, any plastic pumpkins, crepe paper, paper plates, all of those things wind up in that seasonal die. And there are going to be some higher price-point items, I think, outside of candy that are probably going to suffer somewhat in this kind of economy. And very expensive costumes, etc. probably would. So I will talk about our business for Halloween. I think we are pleased with the Halloween sell-in. We think we had a good sell-in and at this point sell-through is about where we would expect it to be and obviously the biggest for us in the Halloween season is higher promoted price points and how the consumer is adapting. And at this point in time, as I said, we are pretty much on track.  But I think the one thing economy is doing is creating a little bit more seasonal compression as consumers are watching their dollars more closely and they tend to be spending them a little later in the season.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: And maybe, Dave, you could talk a little more broadly about in the U.S. specifically, because that's really where you compete. You have Wrigley and Mars combining and integrating and now you have the possibility of a Kraft/Cadbury combination. What are you seeing out, in terms of execution, as a result of the Wrigley/Mars combination? Are you seeing anything different about how they go to market and has it made life any tougher? Because your market share is up this year so it doesn't sound like it's made life tougher yet.
David J. West: I think actually in terms of the marketplace landscape, the bigger impacts, and the biggest impacts, are really macroeconomic. It's the input prices and results and need for all of us to deal with our margin structures as consumer sentiment is channel shifting. Those are, I think, the big macroeconomics, those are the things that are driving the category right now.  Obviously we continue to monitor competitors and we have a healthy respect for what has always been a very good competitive category with very strong brands. We continue to come back to what our strengths are in our U.S. market, which is category leadership. You know, retail execution. Our ability, in terms of getting to scale in terms of technology and input costs and we continue to focus on those things.  We think those are enduring competitive advantages for us and we're, as we said, in the second half of this year we made some investments to make sure that those competitive advantages become ever more compelling for our customers and consumers as we go out into the market. And so right now I think we're gaining share. I think the biggest thing that we're all dealing with is the macroeconomic environment as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Two questions. First of all, you know you are taking all of the fun out of the call by not commenting on M&A, right?
David J. West: [Slight laugh.] That was our intent.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: Two things, just on the Bliss thing. And I know we sometimes go back and forth on the numbers, but as we look at it, it looks as though the Bliss Bag is not performing maybe as well as you might have hoped so far. So I guess what I'm wondering is, as you look into the Halloween season and the holiday seasons beyond that, do you think that—is it your opinion now that the higher promotional pricing is going to hold or are you beginning to think that maybe there is going to need to be a little more promotional moneys applied? 
David J. West: At this point, with respect to Halloween, we are seeing, when we look in the IRI data, the latest period 10/03, we haven't really seen a whole lot of the effect of that yet. You are seeing, obviously, higher price points when you read the data. So that's what's happening at retail is the price points are higher and we would expect that to be the case throughout the season as well as into holiday, and then through Valentines and Easter. I think it's a little slower start to the season than normally would happen because Labor Day was as late as it could possibly be so I think it's probably got set about a week later than they normally would. So when you look into the 10/3 data, I think it's really hard to read that data. But when you look at the prices per unit, they are significantly higher, which is what we would expect.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: And the real acid test is really probably to come home this Saturday of Halloween, right? When a lot of people are going to buy.
David J. West: I think it actually goes beyond that. It really is—Halloween is a destination, family-oriented, more of a give-away. When we get to holiday, again, it's a little bit of a different consumer and usage occasion and then when we get to Valentine's Day, it's a purchase for—by adults for adults. So we are going to learn a lot over the next three seasonal windows, all the way out through Valentine's Day. And I think what we're seeing is that as we look at IRI, all of the major manufacturers are recognizing higher prices in the 10/3 window.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: On Bliss, we've noticed as we've moved through the year that it does appear whenever Bliss is up, Kisses seems to be down and vice versa. Are you looking at cannibalization between those two product lines?
David J. West: I'm not going to specifically talk about what we think cannibalizes what. But we do watch cannibalization and what I think you will see is at the way we're promoting right now, Bliss tends to be promoted in a different window than Kisses is promoted. And so they are in different windows of promotion. So they are separate and they have been separate in terms of what they are promoted with and what the price points are. So in any case, on any of the items that we look at launching, we always look at cannibalization. When you have a market share in chocolate or in packaged candy in the 40% share range, you are likely to cannibalize yourself on some level and we always look at our own brand interaction.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer – UBS.
David Palmer - UBS: Just a question on Bliss, a follow-up there. Could you give us a sense on any repeat metrics on Bliss? The reason we ask is, as you know, the confectionary space has had a fairly sketchy track record on year two on some strong starts and new products. And if the repeat levels are good and you can't really share exact numbers, maybe you can compare the type of repeat you are seeing to some other examples of past products to give us a sense.
David J. West: A couple of things I will tell you on Bliss. Our trial and our repeat rates are tracking to what we would have initially modeled. That's absolutely the case. We have invested in Bliss in year two. We have continued to support it. We actually have more year-two support on Bliss than we did in year one. We will continue to support Bliss as we look forward into 2010, as well. I think, obviously, one of the things that certainly is a factor is the premium in trade-up spaces have been somewhat compressed from a space standpoint. That's where Bliss plays. And obviously at a slightly higher price point. One of the questions around Bliss is obviously going to be around the level of merchandising activity. But as we think about the brand health trial, repeat, consumer impression, all of those things, and consumer feedback, we always track likes and dislikes and consumer complaint ratios, all of those seem to be in line with where we would like to be.  We continue to remain confident in the brand in the future and we are going to continue to invest in it. Obviously we are launching a trade-up brand into a more difficult economic environment so it may take a little more time to get to traction but we're feeling pretty good about where we are.
David Palmer - UBS: It sort of sounds like the trial is more of the struggle there than the repeat. Is there some sort of an analogous product that you can compare Bliss to at this point, in terms of how it's going?
David J. West: Again, trial and repeat are where we thought they would be. I think what I would say is there is probably not another product that is analogous for us because this is by far the most significant year-two and year-three investment we will put in any brand so I don't think there is anything else in the portfolio that we have, frankly, supported in this way. So it kind of stands alone. It's tracking to the internal metrics and as I said, given some of the price point and pressure and trade-up, in the trade-up space, you know, merchandising has probably not been what we would have like it to have been, but that's true for all the trade-up brands, not just for Bliss.
David Palmer - UBS: What are you thinking about potential restructuring charges for 2010? Any rough sense there? And would you remind us if you're thinking that 2011 will be restructuring-charge-free or not?
Humberto P. Alfonso: In terms of the Global Supply Chain Transformation, I had mentioned that it is in the final stages. And so while there will be some charges next year, and potentially some pension settlement charges, they certainly will be at the lower end compared to the previous two years. So by 2011, certainly related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation, there will not be charges.
David Palmer - UBS: Any sort of rough brackets around what that number might be for next year?
Humberto P. Alfonso: For 2010?
David Palmer - UBS: Yes.
Humberto P. Alfonso: I think our costs this year are going to track close to around the $600.0 million mark. And the total project cost, which I mentioned, would be $640.0 million to $665.0 million. But again, that has a lot to do with the level of pension settlement charges and there is a threshold accounting that goes with that, so it's a number that really depends on the lump sum distributions that are made, and that's the election of the folks that are leaving the company. So it's more of a range. So you could think of it as $600.0 million this year and somewhere around $50.0 million next year. Incremental.
Mark Pogharian: I think it's about $603.0 million year-to-date and as Bert referenced, there will be some pension settlement in the fourth quarter to push that number up maybe closer to the $620.0 million range. So it doesn't leave much left for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: No one else seems to be acknowledging it but I will, you guys really have done a great job turning the ship around here and this performance is remarkable. A number of questions. Dave, on the big picture thesis here, I continue to feel like folks are missing the forest here through the trees. What should the operating margin be at Hershey? You ended 2008 at 15%. We are seeing enormous margin increases on both the gross and operating margin side. I want to argue a high-teens operating margin is a very respectable and reasonable place for Hershey to ultimately get to. Would you agree with that basic framework?
Humberto P. Alfonso: I'm not going to give you an exact target because we typically don't forecast gross margin. Certainly we are very pleased with the quarter, where gross margin expanded 480 basis points and 290 year-to-date. When you think about the fourth quarter, I mentioned that dairy would not be as favorable, year-on-year, simply because of we are lapping the lower prices. We do expect gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter. Not at the level that we achieved in Q3.  And as you look forward into next year, we're still tumbling the numbers, but our objective is to continue to be able to improve gross margin.
David J. West: I think if you look at the—if you imply 6% to 8% long-term growth going forward I think you can model it out. What we think about it from a macro sense is we've been very pleased this year on two different fronts. We have gotten the gross margin expansion that we felt we needed to get in the P&L, given our input costs, so the Global Supply Chain savings and the pricing have certainly flowed through to the gross margin line and we're very pleased with that. Also, the important thing is we have had reasonably good earnings per share growth this year, in 2009, and we have at the same time been able to deliver a 50% increase in our advertising. And so I think that what we're doing is we've really gotten our P&L model totally shifted around here in terms of gross margin and then the ability for that gross margins to fund investments. So as I think as you leave, that's the macro statement I would make, is that we have been able to get the gross margins up as we needed to but also then been able to reinvest. So we are pleased with that model. And then as we go forward, if you look at the long-term growth, the long-term growth model, you can kind of imply where the EBIT margin goes.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: On the 2010 commodity outlook there were specific questions on cocoa and specific questions on dairy. You often give a more comprehensive comment when you talk about the visibility of your cost structure. Can you give us that comment for 2010 and can you say whether or not you have good visibility into the cost structure for 2010, at this point?
Humberto P. Alfonso: I'm not sure when in the year we typically do that, I think it's a little earlier than normal. What I would say is that, again, we look at it more as a cost basket. We look at our savings programs and our productivity programs, along with the increases that we expect and outside from dairy, we do have some forward cover employed, depending on where we see value in the market.  I'm not going to comment specifically on cocoa or any of the other commodities but what I think we do feel that we can acknowledge right now is that the 3% to 5% and 6% to 8% for next year is certainly achievable with our plans at this point.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: For the quarter, I estimate that pricing was something around 13%, give or take. I know you don't like to comment on this exactly, but because these numbers are so large, can you just tell me whether or not I've got it in the right ballpark?
Humberto P. Alfonso: It was low-single digits.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Pricing?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Low-double digits. Sorry.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: That was going to be a double and triple take if that was right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: I wanted to drill into the third quarter gross margin in a little bit more detail. Obviously, you had a very nice benefit from that low-double-digit price increase. You also have 175 or so basis point headwind from the commodities that you mentioned. Could you help me bridge the year-over-year delta a bit? It would seem that there was a real step change that occurred this quarter. You have been realizing high-single- to low-double-digit pricing increases year-over-year over the past two quarters. Was there a step change in terms of the Global Supply Chain cost savings, the ramp up of production in Mexico? Anything like that that would help explain the really outsized gross margin gains this quarter relative to the past few?
Humberto P. Alfonso: I would say that our performance in supply chain overall was quite good, not just the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program . Although, we said it earlier in the year and continue to see it, that our Global Supply Chain Transformation Program savings were toward the back half of the year. And that was just the timing of the plants. The last couple of plants that we closed happened to be toward the end of last year. And so we are seeing the benefit, year-on-year, at this time of the year. So that combined with what I would say is also very good performance, in just overall productivity within our supply chain is what was making the difference.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: It seems to be just a very large difference when you factor in the commodity headwinds and the like, so it sounds like you're doing a lot of good work there. Dave, you mentioned that the one channel that's been disappointing has been the drug channel, and if I remember correctly you talked about both category weakness and share loss there. Could you give come insight into what you think is going on in that channel and why your performance in that channel is different from your performance in other channels.
David J. West: What I would ask you to do is kind of reflect back to 2004, 2005, and 2006, and the business model that we are going to market with was actually hugely successful in working with the drug retailers. And we had some extremely good performance, some really strong share gains and it was really around the levels of innovation and some of the expansions we had made from a category management standpoint. As we have kind of reshifted our model, and our model is much more about focusing back on cored SKUs, taking out a lot of limited editions and some of the variance, and then also really shifting our focus more to consumer and pull versus some of the push initiatives that we had in 2004, 2005, and 2006, that strategy has not worked as well for us with the drug customers.  And so these are really important customers, they are large customers for us, we have enjoyed very long-standing and valued relationships with them and we are working really hard with them to make sure that our kind of go-to-market and business strategies are more aligned. And clearly, we haven't quite hit the right stride with them yet, with respect to some of the price increases and other things that we're doing from a consumer standpoint. We're working really hard with them, to make sure that it's right. Because as I said, we have great long-standing relationships with them and drug is such a large part of the category, and so we are working with them. To go any further than that would be inappropriate in terms of the specifics of each customer's relationship.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Just to ask you one more question on the subject, not at the customer level, but it seems like some of the things that you mentioned, in terms of the focus on the core brands, the shift from a push to a pull model have been in place for the past year and a half or so. Is this weakness in the drug class of trade new to this quarter or was it new to the third quarter or is it something you've been seeing but you're really only just calling it out this quarter?
David J. West: It's actually been exacerbated in this quarter but it's not new to our performance, it's just gotten a little worse in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter and I think a lot of that is around price increase and some of the seasonal executions. And I'm not sure that our go-to-market strategy exactly lines up 100% with what they're doing, and we need to make sure that we figure out how to make that work.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I'm not sure what Dave Driscoll is having for breakfast but I hope I can get some, because I just don't view your top line as being nearly good as he is. Your profitability was excellent but if your pricing was up 10+% and your currency was a negative one, does that imply that your volumes were down close to double digit?
David J. West: If you do the math you have to also remember there was a 2% to 3% buy-in that we are cycling from the year ago. So you have to adjust for that factor, as well. So I think when you make the adjustments for those kind of one-off items as well as the discontinued items in premium and trade-up with Cacao Reserve Starbucks, overall we tracked pretty close to the takeaway numbers that we mentioned in terms of the category.  And given the significance of the price increase, we would expect to have unit fall-off. And as I said, that's not a surprise to us. We've been talking about this since the beginning of the year that as we got into the third and fourth quarters that that would happen. And as we've said, we're pretty much in line, if not a little bit ahead, of what we thought unit progression would be.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, so let's say volumes are down 5% to 6%. I've also heard that you did a really good job on Halloween versus competition. So I would say in some points of execution you are outperforming. And yet with 50% of boost in advertising, the volumes are still down so much? What would volumes have been if your advertising was only up 25%, which is a big number?
David J. West: Again, we have invested in the consumer in advertising, merchandising, and at retail, to make sure that consumers have every vehicle at their disposal and we are top of mind as we convert to higher price points. We took a 10% to 11% list price increase and actually had promoted volume in the volume in the category moves promoted. Those price increases are 20% to 25%. So when you model the elasticity, on some level you are really modeling against the 20% to 25% price increase, not a 10% or 11% price increase. So we have actually taken our revenue outlook up as we have gone through the year. We started the year with 2% to 3% as our revenue target. Now we are back into the range of 3% to 5% and that really is a signal, I think, that we are progressing through the price increase in the unit conversion a little better than we thought we would be. So we are not surprised about where we are. We have done, I think, a good job at retail and we've been fortunate to get our margins in line with some good supply chain productivity and reinvested in the brands in the businesses. So this is the strategy that we started the year on and it's playing out as we would have expected it to play out.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I'm not going to argue on the gross margin and the profitability side. You have done a great job there and I'm sure focusing on the core brands has helped a lot. But I'm sorry, I just don't see that even with all the pricing, the volume versus the amount of advertising that you've put into the business, which I think is the right thing to do, especially given the competitive set and what's changing in terms of the environment, I'm just a little surprised that the relationship there is what it is. Next question, it seems to me that the whole kind of effort by the company over the last few years in premium has really struggled. You mentioned that the online business, which I assume was planned to be a higher margin business, that you shut that down. We know about Starbuck and the Cacao Reserve. What do you think it is about the brands or the efforts of the company so far that's prevented it from really doing well in the more premium priced business? And how do you have to change that in order that when the economy comes back that you are positioned for that move?
David J. West: We are doing what we feel is appropriate to be positioned for what we think will ultimately be a return on some level to more trade-up in premium products. We have done a lot of consumer research. We have done a consumer landscape and we have a much better understanding of what the consumer wants and what the need states are within those different segments. We think that what we missed, some of it we just missed the timing with respect to Cacao Reserve and Starbucks, but frankly, we didn't have as good a consumer proposition as we should have had. And I think what we're doing right now, we have Scharffen Berger, which we think is well positioned in premium. We have Bliss, which we are pleased with Bliss' traction in trade-up, so the initiatives we are currently investing behind, we feel good about. It's just not a large growth driver of the category now and as it becomes one, we think we are going to be much better positioned to participate there, and it really comes back to the consumer insight and then the execution. We have learned along the way from what didn't work in the past, as well as what is currently working for us and I think we will be better positioned when the right time comes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: I am going to the same point in general, when I look at your long-term guidance of 6% to 8%, the 6% is the number that kind of strikes me as a little bit on the lower side. Why—if you kind of set it 7% to 9% or something like, it seems like that would be more structurally correct with how your business is set up, your growth algorithm. Why do you think that the lower side of that, the 6% to 7% part of it is appropriate for a company like Hershey, given you're spending behind the advertising, you're doing the right things in terms of your brand focus. Why so low on the 6%, I keep on coming back to that point.
David J. West: We set those ranges back in the middle of 2007—I'm sorry, the middle of 2008. In the first year, which is obviously 2009, we're going to be above them. But we think over the long term, given the economic situation that all categories are currently facing, and what we're doing from a business model standpoint, we think that 3% to 5%, 6% to 8% is a long-term good place to be. Some years we're going to be above that. In 2008 we were below it. So there are going to be pluses and minuses along the way but when we look at 3% to 5% and then the implied margin to 6% to 8%, we think that that's appropriate and it allows us the room to invest in the brands in the category the way we need to.  So I think we're comfortable sitting with that long-term guidance and I think more importantly, what needs in this economic times with everything going on in our category, as we look at 2010 we feel good about those numbers.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Do you think there is something structurally different in your categories or your business models than some of the other packaged food companies that kind of signal more to the high-single-digit rates?
David J. West: I think we have structurally a good strong solid category. I think it's an impulse-driven category. It's also got expandable consumption in it. It actually has very good margins for both us and for the retailers. And so we feel very good about our category. We think it's an advantage category and as I said, the long-term guidance is something that we set in the middle of 2008 and we think it's appropriate to leave it sit, especially given where the economy in the world is right now.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: I know private label is not a big influence on your category. With the economy changing, with consumers trading down, do you think that there is a possibility that private label could become a bigger force within your categories, or still you're not seeing any sort of indications of that?
David J. West: There is private label in the category. There always has been. It's about 3% or so of the category. Between 3% and 4%. Much higher in the sugar, non-chocolate aspect of it where I think the availability to source those items is probably a little more readily available. In chocolate it's lower than that 3% to 3.5%. Clearly where private label tends to find its way into the categories is where the price value equation goes tilt. We don't think we have that issue because confections continues to be a very, on an individual unit basis, a very approachable price point, and it's a category where brands are key, where there are a lot of good strong brands, and frankly, where taste is the driver in every purchase decision. So we think that we're very conscious of, obviously continuing to provide the appropriate price/value equation. From time to time you will see retailers experiment with store brand confections. To date, we haven't seen anything really stick in the chocolate segment, with respect to that, but we constantly monitor it and make sure our price value equation works with consumers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: When we look at the retail channel generally, it seems to be becoming much more competitive. You see a lot of the larger retailers going after pretty aggressive promotions, across the board, channel by channel and I'm wondering, given maybe some of your  commodity trends you may not be as well positioned to participate in that competition. I'm just wondering, are you getting pressure from the retail channel, at all, to kind of step up in terms of these promotions? Maybe you can give us a little more color around the competitive set there as we see competition and maybe some price wars breaking out.
David J. West: I think what's unique an actually gives our category a lot of strength with retailers is the strength it has with consumers. I mean, our category at Valentine's, Easter, Halloween, holiday, is a destination category for consumers. Consumers expect to see us merchandise. Retailers also know that it is an expandable consumption point at the holiday periods.  We have also added Smores and some other things that I think there is a reason for us to be merchandised, almost a necessity for us to be merchandised, and it's a category that has merchandising intensity and our merchandising frequency this year, frankly, has not suffered at all, even despite higher price points. So we are still getting the merchandising frequency we would expect. I think the other thing that our category has is that it is so multi-channeled. We are not totally focused in any one given channel for all of our volumes. So we have the ability to program specific to customer and channel needs and so I think that also gives us some flexibility in the way we go to market. So I think, right now, the category growth rate this year, year-to-date, all in has been very good. I think retailers have been pleased with the category growth rate. And so our strategy so far is playing out about as we had expected and we are still getting the merchandising frequency that we would have anticipated on the lay-in. So overall I think we are pleased with the strategy and how it's played out at retail.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just a follow-up on an earlier question. On sugar, as you have moved some of your production to Mexico, and given some of the differences in sugar costs in Mexico, does that affect at all your production plans relative to that particular shift, or has that impacted your overall cost benefit analysis, when you look at Mexico versus the U.S.
Humberto P. Alfonso: The U.S. market is regulated. We know that sugar prices are high, lower prices in Mexico, which is the case today, would impact our Mexican business. Our Mexico [feedback in audio] the U.S. are different. The [feedback in audio] are different, so it's not the way you're thinking about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Just a clarification on cost of goods sold and gross margins for 2009. I think you articulated before that you expected cost of goods to be less than $175.0 million this year. Is there any change to what you're expecting for the full year? And is there an aggregate number?
Humberto P. Alfonso: We really haven't given a number. We have said that it's below the $175.0 million and we started to say that right around the first quarter. The dairy costs have remained a bit lower. That will be more equalized in the fourth quarter. And so we are not providing a specific number. But yes, it's right around where we thought we would be at the last call.
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: If I remembered it right, in the second quarter you had made an adjustment to your standard cost forecast for dairy, which caused you to have a catch-up accrual in the quarter. Did the same thing happen in the third quarter?
Humberto P. Alfonso: No, it did not.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar- Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar- Barclays Capital: With some of the supply chain savings from the restructuring project starting to come through and in a bigger chunk this year, as we look forward, can I still think it's reasonable to try and get a better sense of maybe what the sort of ongoing productivity plan looks like? A lot of companies in the space sort of have various metrics that they will put out there, whether it's reduction in cost of goods incrementally every year, either as a percent of cost of goods or as a percent of sales. And you mentioned some additional cost-saving opportunities beyond the program itself, going forward. I'm just trying to get a sense of how robust do you think that plan is. Is there a way to sort of quantify the ongoing every year? And will some of these incremental programs or opportunities that you've highlighted, are those things that take investments up front, that you're going to absorb into the P&L going forward, or are those additional restructuring charges?
David J. West: I think what I would tell you is that we continue to focus on productivity within the existing facilities, within the four walls of the existing facilities. And that's what any good supply chain organization does when—they know that they need to, at a minimum, offset their inflation with good basic kind of four-walls productivity, if you will. And that's no different for us. We have had the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program over the last couple of years which has given us a step up in that productivity. As we exit 2009 and head to 2010, we will see a little bit more incremental savings up from the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program in 2010 but I think what Bert referenced earlier is now that you get to the point where you focused on creating the new footprint, closing six facilities and opening a brand new one, we are now at that place where you then start to take a look at how you—if you will—how you work in that new network.  So it's how do you source and supply to it and how do you ship and deploy from it. And so there is an awful lot of upstream and downstream savings in procurement and logistics, in customer service, that once you now work your way into the footprint, you can go get those savings. And I think what's very encouraging for us is you are already seeing it show up in our working capital trends. Our inventory trends have consistently come down as we have built the new network and we will start to take advantage of the improvements in inventory and some of those improvements in terms of the new footprint, both in terms of the way we source and procure and the way we deploy out the back-end. Part of the investment we've talked about making in the second half of the year here was some one-time costs associated with looking at some of those initiatives on both the front end and back-end of the supply chain. So you've already seen us, or will see us, through the third and fourth quarter, incur some of that cost to start to get to those savings in 2010 and 2011.
Andrew Lazar- Barclays Capital: Some of the things that you're doing around long-term investments, consumer capabilities, customer insights, and category management, are those things that, as you benchmark, where Hershey is sort of, as you would think about it, catching up to where you think industry benchmarks are, or do those get you actually ahead of where you think some of these other larger entities either are or will be?
David J. West: I think we have very good category management capabilities. We have very good go-to-market capabilities, and I think very good retail capabilities. What we are looking at in terms of investment right now is to be best in class and best in class across all CPGs. So we are looking at technologies from a retail standpoint, we are looking at the way we deploy resources, we are looking at aisle architecture, we are looking at category management capabilities, we are looking at digital marketing capabilities, which we believe are at the forefront of where the industry is heading. And we think that that's where we want to be. That's our goal. And we think we have a pretty good set of capabilities already and now we are just going to add on to them.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue.
Mark Pogharian: We thank everybody for joining us on today's call. If you have any follow-up questions, the investor relations group is available to help you out.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 20:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - Vice President, Investor Relations David J. West - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Humberto P. Alfonso - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Andrew Laza- Barclays Capital Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll – Citi Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse David Leibowitz - Horizon Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tanya and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hershey second quarter 2009 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the conference over to Mark Pogharian. Please go ahead. 
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Tanya. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company second quarter 2009 conference call. David West, President and CEO, Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO, and I will represent Hershey on this morning’s call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2008 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website www.hersheys.com in the investor relations section. Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheets and the summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statement of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we’ve said in the press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP; rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our second quarter 2009 results excluding net pre-tax charges. The majority of charges in both 2009 and 2008 are associated with the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program. These pre-tax charges were $42.7 million in the second quarter of 2009 and $39.3 million in the second quarter of 2008. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignment initiatives. With that behind us, let me turn the call over to Dave West.
David J. West: Thanks, Mark and good morning, everyone. Our results for the second quarter were strong and exceeded our expectations. Net sales increased a solid 5.9% as core brand continued to perform well in the marketplace. Sales gains were driven primarily by pricing.  Recall in the year-ago period, sales growth was also in the 5% range. We gained U.S. market share for the quarter and are pleased with the strength and responsiveness of our brands in this challenging economic environment. Overall commodity costs were higher than last year in the quarter. However, similar to the first quarter, dairy prices remained in a very narrow range; thus, the total commodity cost impact and margin was favorable versus our initial expectations. Bert Alfonso will have further details on this in a moment.  Second quarter retail takeaway, as reported by IRI and Nielsen, is impacted by Easter timing. Stripping away Easter, total CMG -- that’s candy, mint, and gun -- consumer takeaway for the 12 weeks ended June 14th for our internal custom database, and again this is excluding Easter in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business was up a strong 5.4%. As a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass including Walmart, and convenience stores.  Given the impact of the Easter selling season, a better measure may be the year-to-date period in which the timing issue is eliminated and here, U.S. retail takeaway for the 24 weeks ended June 14th, again in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business, was up 8.9%. This is higher than the FDMX data that most of you received from either IRI or Nielsen. While an important part of the business, FDMX only captures about half of our retail takeaway and it excludes both one of our larger customers as well as our most profitable channel.  Importantly, Hershey CMG market share in FDMX C has increased 0.5 points in both the Q2 and year-to-date timeframes.  Our second quarter results were driven by solid marketplace performance on both everyday and seasonal products. A big driver in Q2 takeaway was Easter, during which we leveraged our sales force and seasonal navigator tool to help us work with retailers to maximize category, customer, and Hershey growth. This resulted in excellent Easter sell-through and a gain of over two market share points in this season. We have now gained market share in each of the last four seasons.  Looking at every day, excluding seasonal items, Reese’s, Hershey's, Kit-Kat and Twizzlers all gained, with combined takeaway on these brands up mid-single-digits on everyday items. As we have previously stated, work continues on Kisses. Everyday silver Kisses takeaway was up slightly in the quarter; however, declines in sales Kisses and Kissables were a drag to the overall franchise, which was down.  It you look at year-to-date performance in FDMX C, excluding Walmart the category grew a solid 4.7%. This is also in line with the latest quad, the June14th four weeks and greater than the historical growth rate of the category of 3% to 4%. Growth is being driven by mainstream and everyday confections, offset by continuing softness within the premium, gifting, and novelty sub-segments.  Other major manufacturers beyond Hershey also gained share.  Trade-up rebounded in the second quarter and for the 24 weeks ending June 14th, the trade-up portion of the category was up 4.1%, roughly in line with the mainstream growth rate. Hershey's Bliss remains on track and is responsible for driving about one-third of the trade-up segment category growth. Hershey's Bliss continues to respond to our advertising and merchandising investment. Shipments and trial and repeat are basically in line with our projections and we expect this to be the case throughout the remainder of the year for Hershey's Bliss.  In premium, Starbucks, Cacao Reserve and our online Hershey's Gift business have been challenged. So specifically, our online gifts business will be closed as of July 31st and we stopped shipping Cacao Reserve this quarter and we will do the same with Starbucks on October 1st. These Q2 actions were not in our original 2009 plans. Product currently on the shelf will sell through. Obviously these actions in gifts and premiums will be a drag on second half net sales growth, detracting a couple of points of sales growth in Q4 versus our original plans.  While premium had slowed, we do believe it will have a roll in the category in the years to come. Our [inaudible] brands play here and while still relatively small, the opportunity exists for growth.  We have strategic work underway, which includes an assessment of the entire premium category, as well as our own brands, so as consumers return to this sub-segment in the future, we are better positioned to participate.  Looking now to C store class of trade where the Easter impacts are small, the CMG category was up 4.5%. In the second quarter, Hershey's c-store takeaway increased for the fifth consecutive quarter and was up 6%, resulting in a share gain of 0.4 points. In Q2, Hershey's c-store chocolate and non-chocolate takeaway were both up, 6.7% for chocolate and 11.2% for non-chocolate respectively, driven by price realization, king-size distribution gains, and strong in-store selling and merchandising.  Similar to the first quarter, c-store volumes were off a bit but better than our elasticity models had predicted. This was driven by successful programming, including the recent Loves You Back promotion, where consumers instantly won cash, as well as Kit-Kat and Breathsavers programming.  The Breathsavers programming resulted in c-store mint takeaway of 5.7% and a 2.5 market share gain in the mint sub-segment.  The convenience store channel continued to be a meaningful contributor to 2009. However, as we make our way through the remainder of the year, retail dollar takeaway growth will most likely slow as we lap the August price increase. This was evident in the second quarter where marketplace performance, as expected, was not as strong as the first quarter as we cycle the February 2008 pricing action. Midway through the third quarter, we will lap the August 2008 price increase.  Programming and merchandising, including a NASCAR co-promotion with Coca-Cola, a king-size promotion, and a Hershey's Rock Your Block standard bar program to win a private concert, are on tap in the third quarter to drive our c-store business forward.  The second quarter included several key consumer promotions in food, drug, and mass outlets, primarily Hershey's Smores and Kisses Night At the Museum. These two promotions were at new higher promoted price points, with promoted price hikes of over 20%-plus seen in most customers. This does give us some insight into how consumers will react and migrate to the new everyday promotional price points.  We were satisfied with the Smores campaign as Hershey's six-pack dollar retail takeaway was higher year over year and the volume elasticity was within our estimated range. Kisses performance during Night at the Museum was mixed, with only core silver Kisses reporting higher retail takeaway.  Overall, volumes were about in line with our models for these promotions. Plus, as I stated earlier, all else held equal in the marketplace today, we believe we have established the right pricing structure, merchandising, and programming and feel cautiously optimistic about the upcoming challenges related to the new promotional price points in the Halloween and holiday seasons.  Shipments of back-to-school and Halloween essentially had no year-over-year impact in Q2, with sales in the quarter down just a few million dollars on Halloween. To date, retail customer Halloween orders are on track with expectations.  As a reminder, Halloween will be the first major season where consumers, including the light users who only purchase the category once or twice a year for the specific season, will see markedly higher promoted price points.  We believe we have the right mix of seasonal specific advertising, coupons, and programming lined up to help consumers adjust to the new promoted price points. However, we will not be able to measure our sell-through results until we enter the September/October timeframe.  The price increase we initiated in 2008 was necessary to deliver an appropriate margin structure for our business for the long-term, given the significant commodity and pension cost pressures. Category dollar growth is solid and so far volume has declined a little bit less than anticipated.  While Hershey's marketplace performance is tracking nicely, we do expect that some bumps in the road will occur, such as we encountered in the May quad, due to year-over-year timing of merchandising and programming, as well as the typical selective competitive activities.  As we look to the remainder of the year, our first half strength has created the flexibility to further invest in our brands and business capabilities. This investment is greater than what was initially expected as we entered the year and therefore it will be back-half weighted.  Our progress has positioned us to start some strategic work earlier than we had highlighted when we met with you in New York City last June. In the second half, we’ll look to expand and enhance our category management and business capabilities, consumer and customer insights, our innovation process, and begin work in digital marketing, to name a few of the capabilities.  We will also continue to focus on working towards achieving continuity levels of advertising, including seasonal specific ads on Hershey's, Reese’s, Hershey's Bliss, Kizzlers, Twizzlers, and Kit-Kat.  We have further increased our full-year advertising expense and expect it to increase a total of 40% to 45% in 2009.  To wrap up, the category continues to grow despite the macroeconomic challenges that exist. In channels that accounted for over 80% of our business, year-to-date takeaway growth is robust, over 8%. Going forward, it’s difficult to predict consumer sentiment and purchasing patterns. As we have stated since the analyst day in June 2008, we are committed to doing the right thing for the business in the short- and long-term. To help consumers navigate the remainder of the year and higher seasonal promoted price points, advertising, merchandising, in-store programming and couponing will all be higher.  We continue to closely monitor category trends, our performance, consumer purchasing patterns, and competitive activity and will react appropriately to ensure the strength of the category and our business.  We exited the second quarter with marketplace momentum and will operate the business from a good position during the second half of the year.  We do continue to expect our U.S. volume to decline in 2009. Additionally, pricing gains will abate during the second half of the year as we lap the August 15, 2008 price increase.  Our international business is on track on a constant currency basis; however, we continue to expect foreign currency exchange to negatively impact both the top and bottom lines, as it did in the first half.  As such, we now expect full-year net sales growth to be within our 3% to 5% long-term target.  To date, dairy costs are favorable versus our initial estimates and we do not expect material dairy price inflation during the remainder of the year. However, many of our key input costs remain volatile and are up significantly on both a year-to-date and year-over-year spot basis.  We continue to expect our commodity cost increase for the full year to be significant; however, it will be less than our initial estimate of $175 million. On a year-to-date basis, gross margins have expanded by 200-plus basis points. We expect this trend to continue through the year.  As previously stated, our business momentum has given us the flexibility to increase brand building advertising and make the necessary investments and strategic capabilities that will benefit the company over the long-term.  Due to our strong first half performance and solid seasonal programming for the second half, we have increased our outlook for the full year and expect adjusted earnings per share diluted to be slightly above our long-term objective of 6% to 8% growth.  We feel good about our position as we enter the second half of the year. We participate in a category that is impulse oriented and that continues to offer consumers affordable enjoyment. This is evident as category growth is at strong rates, higher than historical norms.  During these challenging times, consumers continue to turn to the brands they know as love, such as Hershey's, Hershey's Kisses, Reese’s, and Kit-Kat, to name a few. Chocolate is a destination category for much of the year and consumers love the moments of happiness that Hershey brings to Halloween and the holidays.  Our recent performance shows the value and quality that our brands offer to consumers and the opportunity that continues to exist for the Hershey Company.  I’ll now turn it over to Bert Alfonso who will provide some additional financial details. 
Humberto P. Alfonso: Thank you, David and good morning, everyone. Second quarter results were better than expected with consolidated net sales of $1,171,000, up 5.9% versus the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share dilutive of $0.43 increased 48% versus the prior year, primarily due to price realization from the August 2008 price increase, better than expected volume trends versus our original estimates, particularly within the instant consumable product line, supply chain volume efficiencies and productivity, and a lower effective income tax rate in the quarter.  The second quarter sales gains were driven by U.S. pricing action announced in August 2008, partially offset by volume.  In the second quarter, sales gains were driven by U.S. pricing announced in 2008 and partially offset by volume declines driven by pricing elasticity and unfavorable currency exchange of about 2 percentage points. Dave already provided details related to our marketplace performance. Based on that data, I will point out that year over year FDMX CW retail comparison to year-to-date net sales indicate that inventory at our key distributors and retailers are near our desired levels.  Now turning to margins -- during the second quarter, adjusted gross margin increased 300 basis points, driven by a net price realization, supply chain efficiencies related to fixed cost absorption as actual volume was better than expected versus our initial estimates and supply productivity savings. These margin gains more than offset higher input costs of about 130 basis points, reflecting total consolidated cost increases for raw materials, energy, and packaging. Higher employee benefit costs, including pension expense for our manufacturing facilities also reduced gross margin in the quarter.  Note that the second quarter includes minimal seasonal sales and is therefore our smallest quarter on a volume basis. Unit volume is higher in the second half of the year and thus our commodity cost impact versus 2008 will be greater during the remainder of 2009.  In the first and second quarters, the commodity cost impact was lower than we expected, due primarily to lower dairy costs. Our current expectation is we will not see material price inflation for dairy products during the balance of the year. Additionally as we adjusted our annual outlook for dairy costs, the first half favorable catch-up was captured in the second quarter. Dairy aside, our year-over-year commodity cost increase remains significant, although it will be less than our initial estimate of $175 million. We believe we have good visibility into the majority of our costs for the remainder of the year and expect gross margin to be higher in 2009, in line with our year-to-date gross margin profile.  Second quarter adjusted income before interest and income taxes increased 19.5%, resulting in pro forma EBIT margin expansion of 150 basis points to 13.6% from 12.1% last year. This was driven primarily by higher gross margin partially offset by higher advertising expense, increased pension expense, employee related costs, including incentives, and exit costs related to our online gifts business.  As Dave stated earlier, we continued to invest in our core brand as advertising expense increased 46% in the quarter. We were on air supporting our core brands, including Hershey's Pure, the Reese’s perfect campaign, Hershey's Bliss, traditional silver Kisses, as well as Easter programming and our annual Smores promotion.  Now let me provide an update of our international businesses -- the countries where we operate are facing many of the same economic challenges as are impacting the U.S. Overall on a constant currency basis, sales were about flat. Our businesses in Canada and India were up but sales were softer in Brazil and Mexico.  On a GAAP basis, total company net sales were impacted about two percentage points due to the stronger U.S. dollar year over year.  Although total reported profitability improved slightly versus year-ago, we do not expect a material near-term profit improvement in the international businesses during the remainder of 2009. We will continue to invest for growth and expect foreign currency translation to be a headwind to both top and bottom lines, particularly in the third quarter.  Moving down the P&L, for the quarter interest expense decreased, coming in at $22.7 million versus $23.6 million in the prior period. The decline resulted from lower commercial paper balances and related interest rates. For the full year 2009, we expect interest expense to be slightly favorable to 2008.  The tax rate for the second quarter was 28.3%, due to the timing of certain tax events and related accounting. The lower 2009 second quarter income tax rate versus the 39 rate in 2008 added about $0.06 to the second quarter EPS, roughly in line with the outlook we provided in April.  In the second quarter of 2009, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were $228.5 million versus $228.7 million in 2008, leading to adjusted earnings per share diluted of $0.43, up 48% from a year ago.  Let me now provide a quick recap of the year-to-date pro forma results. Net sales increased 6.2% in the first half. Adjusted income before interest and income taxes increased 15.6%, resulting in an EBIT margin gain of 120 basis points to 13.8% from 12.6%. Advertising increased 46% on a year-to-date basis. Gross margin was 37.4% year-to-date versus 35.3%, or 210 basis points higher. Gains were driven primarily by pricing, offset by commodities of 230 basis points.  Our adjusted earnings per share diluted in the first half increased 23% to $0.81 per share.  Turning now to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the second quarter, net trading capital decreased versus last year’s second quarter, resulting in a cash inflow of $84 million. Accounts receivable were down $30 million and remain extremely current and of high quality. We continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging and despite current conditions in the financial markets, we have not seen an impact on our customers payment patterns to date.  Inventory declined by $55 million and accounts payable decreased by $1.5 million.  In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions, including software, were $36 million for the quarter. For 2009, we are targeting total capital additions to be in the range of $155 million to $165 million. About $40 million to $50 million of the CapEx forecasted is related to the global supply chain transformation program.  Depreciation and amortization was $46 million in the quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to the global supply chain transformation program of $1 million, resulting in adjusted operating depreciation amortization for the quarter of $46 million.  In 2009, we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of $190 million, including accelerated depreciation and amortization of approximately $10 million.  During the quarter, dividends paid were $66 million. We did not acquire any stock in the second quarter related to the current repurchase program and $100 million outstanding remains on the current authorization.  As it relates to our short-term cash needs, the company is currently well-positioned. While the credit markets are volatile to date, market conditions have not had an impact on Hershey's day-to-day operations, liquidity, or longer term planning. Our cash flow continues to be strong and will improve as earnings grow and the supply chain transformation program is completed. We have not encountered any difficulties in our short-term commercial paper funding and have been able to place our CP at attractive rates.  Let me provide an update now on the global supply chain transformation program -- construction of our [Monta Ray] facility in Mexico is essentially complete. We are on schedule with our implementation and entering the final phase of relocation installation of manufacturing lines. All program savings projections remain on track.  During the quarter, we reported global supply chain transformation program charges of $43 million pretax. This includes a non-cash $31 million pension settlement charge resulting from the level of withdrawals from the hourly pension plan, $1 million of accelerated depreciation, $2 million of project start-up, which is in cost of sales, and $2 million of SM&A expenses reflecting program management costs.  The forecast for total charges related to the program has been narrowed and is now expected to be $640 million to $655 million, including $40 million to $65 million of non-cash pension settlement charges as discussed in the prior quarters.  For 2009, total charges related to the global supply chain transformation program are expected to be $85 million to $120 million, including non-cash pension settlement of $40 million to $50 million.  Now to summarize, we are pleased with our second quarter and year-to-date results. The investments we have made in our brands and productivity initiatives have resulted in solid gains in sales, market share, and profitability. The global recession has pressured consumers and we believe that this will persist throughout the remainder of the year. As such, we continue to expect that our volume will be down in 2009 due to the sales volume elasticity of last year’s price increase. While we believe we have the right mix of upcoming seasonal and non-seasonal support, consumers will see higher promoted retail price points on take home and seasonal packaged candy in the second half of 2009.  To ensure we support our brands, we plan to increase full-year advertising expense by 40% to 45% and now expect full-year net sales growth to be within the 3% to 5% long-term objective.  While commodity stock prices of some of our major inputs continue to fluctuate, we have good visibility into our cost structure for the remainder of 2009. Our year-over-year commodity cost increase remains significant, although it will be less than the initial $175 million.  In addition to the previously mentioned increase in advertising, we will also make further investments in category management and global go-to-market capabilities.  With respect to profit, we have increased our outlook for the full year 2009 and expect adjusted earnings per share diluted to increase slightly above our long-term objective of 6% to 8%.  As you work on your models, I remind you that net sales growth in the third quarter of last year benefited from a buy-in related to the August 2008 price increase and we will begin to lap the price increase in the second half, impacting primarily the fourth quarter.  In addition, other second quarter -- second half net sales comparisons include the wind-down of Starbucks, Cacao Reserve, and Hershey's Gifts, as well as the 2008 launch and rollout of Hershey's Bliss.  We will now open it up to questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess my first question to Dave is do you -- I mean, how much do you think the move away from the premium channel by the consumer to the more mass oriented channel is helping the business, and what do you think needs to be done should the consumer kind of recover and go back to a more premium channel, what do you need to do I guess for Hershey to do a better job in that area?
David J. West: Eric, I think there certainly is a sort of a trading down effect from premium down into trade-up, if you will, and trade-up down into mainstream and we think that that’s certainly helped our business as well as it’s helped the other mainstream manufacturers. You know, they are also gaining some share as well and we think the advertising, the increase in advertising that we have done on those core brands is certainly attracting consumers who want to be in the category and I think we are providing -- you know, we are getting our message out there on the brand, our targeting and our message is good. Our merchandising has been good so I think we are helping facilitate some of that shift, if you will, from premium or trade-up into the more mainstream part of the category with our programming.  That said, we do think there is going to come a point in time as the economy starts to get better where the premium segment will start to gain and grow again. The few things that we have tried in premium frankly as you can tell from our announcement today weren’t all that successful. We just didn’t get enough scale in our online Hershey's Gifts business to make it a profitable business. We are still committed to online and reaching the consumer base that way. We just didn’t have the right business model.  And the timing of the launch of the Starbucks proposition, frankly we just missed the window. We were in the wrong window. Our partner obviously had some other business challenges and the consumer at that price point just wasn’t sustainable.  So I think what we have done, as I mentioned today, we have several insight, consumer insight and category insight projects going on underway right now. We are focused more on our [Sharpenberger] and [Togoba] brands as we go forward and we are preparing ourselves for when the consumer does go there.  It’s all about differentiation. We learned an awful lot by doing the Starbucks and the online gifts about what the consumer likes and what resonates with the consumer and now it’s just a question of us making sure that we can do that in a profitable way.  
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you for that. And then if I could follow-up with just a more specific question, can you give us a sense of what was volume in the quarter and whether that -- I don’t think there was acquisition benefit this quarter. I think that ended but if there was, kind of what it was with or without acquisitions -- and when you say the elasticity was comfortable with your model, can you get a little bit more descriptive there?
David J. West: Yeah, we can. We took about a 10% to 11% price increase across pretty much the entire line last year and that’s about what we saw in a gain from pricing, that 10% to 11% roughly number is about what we saw as a gain from pricing so you can pretty much figure that the rest of the difference between what we wound up with on price versus [inaudible] sales, we had a couple of points of FX, as Bert said, and then the rest of it was a volume drop-off. So I think you can pretty much get the model. The [Van Hauten] acquisition was $0.02 of a percent of sales growth in the quarter. It was very small in the overall, so roughly that 5.9%, a couple of points of FX offset, double-digit pricing, and then a volume fall-off and I think the modeling would tell us in the second quarter on a take-home package candy and the smores event, pretty much in line with what our elasticity models would tell us. The instant consumable business, still the volume conversion was a little stronger than what our original models would have told us. So as we go to the back part of the year now, obviously a third of the back half volume is seasonal in the U.S. business and that’s -- again, it’s a little bit of a different consumer and a different occasion and that’s what we are also starting to look at now in terms of how the business will respond. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Good morning. Thank you. I just wanted to follow-up on Eric’s question about volume a little bit and as we get into Q3 and Q4 and lap those price increases, do you anticipate a more balanced top line between volume and pricing?
David J. West: I think a couple of things as you look at the back half -- remember the price increase was August 15th, so as we get out into the latter part of the year, the everyday part of the business, we will have lapped the price increase, so the real pricing activity that happens in the back half of the year is around the Halloween and the holiday business. That we did not have the increase on last year, so the third quarter you will see kind of a similar type of gain from pricing and then that abates as you get out into the fourth quarter, a little less pricing. The only pricing we get in the fourth quarter is on the holiday, so a little less price gain.  We would expect again as we come into it that in the back half of the year, the Halloween and the holiday, consumers are going to see higher price points and significantly higher promoted price points in the seasons for the first time and holidays may be as long as seven or eight years since they’ve seen a change in the price of holiday packaged candy at retail.  So we do expect that there’s going to be that volume elasticity fall-off -- again, I think it will model much more like the second quarter packaged candy than it will the instant consumable, more in line with what our original volume models were. And then we also have, as we exit the gifts and the Starbucks business in the fourth quarter, a little bit more of a drag on the top line. That didn’t really contribute a lot of profit but it certainly was top line a couple of points in the fourth quarter. 
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Sure. I guess the real question then is how promotional, given some of the commodity tailwinds a little bit, how promotional do you think this category will get and how much volume response do you think there will be? I mean, can you give us any commentary about -- you had some, you mentioned it in the release that you will be monitoring sort of competitive developments. Can you give us a little bit more commentary about what the competitive environment looks like, what’s the chatter around the trade going into the holiday?
David J. West: Well, I think we certainly have -- you know, we’re watching -- the most important thing is to watch the consumer, frankly. The consumer is going to come across higher price points at retail and our increase was pretty much as I said, 10% to 11% across the line.  You know, what we’ve done to make sure that the consumer kind of has a soft landing on the higher price points is we certainly have more seasonal specific advertising. We’ve upped our core brand advertising. We’ve increased our couponing activity and we are making sure that we have the right kind of merchandising out of the seasons. We really very much focused on the consumer aspects of this and I think that that is appropriate for us. That is what we did at Easter, for example, and at Easter we had a very successful season.  So we are kind of running a similar playbook at Halloween and holiday that we had in for Easter, which turned out to be a pretty good benefit for us. Well, obviously we’ll continue to watch competitive activity out in the marketplace but I think we’ve got the right lineup to make sure that the consumer kind of gets adjusted to the new price points and I think that’s the right strategy. If we see anything unusual out there, I mean, you are always going to see in certain places, in certain parts of the categories, those things happen but widespread we think we have the right programming in place and we think that -- you know, we feel pretty good about what we’ve done.  
Jonathan Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane of Bank of America Securities. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Good morning. Just a question on the increase in advertising expense -- I think it makes sense that you are going to increase, especially in front of the higher price points but I guess the question would be is this now sort of a re-basing of your advertising expense and so as we sort of model going forward, should we use this as the new base to model from or is this more tactical, you’ve got the extra money to spend and you want to sort of give some support to the price increases?
David J. West: I think a couple of things. You know, when we came into the year, we already were modeling a 20% to 25% increase across the portfolio and that included getting to continuity levels on some of the brands, particularly Hershey's and -- the Hershey's brand and the Hershey's Kisses brand, where we hadn’t run much copy last year, at least not for a full year.  The brands have been very responsive. We are modeling and watching our ROIs and our lifts on a monthly basis. Importantly on the Reese brand where we got the continuity sooner, we actually continue to see improved ROIs and lifts from the advertising.  So given the responsiveness that we had seen, we are going to add some weight on some of those core brands but more importantly get to continuity levels on some of the other brands, such as Twizzlers and Kit-Kat, a little bit sooner, and then also we were very successful we think with the Easter specific advertising that we ran and we are going to run some seasonal specific advertising again in Halloween and holiday.  We think it’s proving to be in this environment a very good way for the consumer to convert to the higher price points and we are watching it on a monthly basis, continue to look at the ROI and the returns on it and we are not at any kind of point of diminishing return, so we thought it was a very good spend, given the strength that we had in the first half and the concerns we have about the second half volumes. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: So fair to say if the spending works, then maybe it stays in the base and if it doesn’t work, then maybe it won't? Is that --
David J. West: Well I think if the spending -- anytime we’re doing, any spend we are doing, if we spend it’s going to stay -- it becomes part of the base. Right now, we are very pleased with it. We think we have good copy and it seems to be working and as long as that’s the case, we’ll continue to spend. I mean, that’s the same with anything we spend on. We are looking at our return on retail investment by class and trade. We are looking at trade promotion ROI so it’s not just the advertising spend -- it’s all of the leverage that we are pulling on and we are going to dial our dollars to the right spots.  But right now, the advertising seems to be working and we are very pleased with that and given what the consumer is going to see in terms of higher price points, we think it’s a good spend. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Okay, and then just related to that, as you’ve sold in your second half promotions, and given the dynamic with premium, the premium segment slowing but then your prices, and I’m assuming mainstream prices moving up, has there been any change in shelf allocation? Are you getting more display space, more shelf space -- just what’s happening there in terms of the way the retailers are kind of looking at the category, the shelf space. Are they actually allocating more to mainstream going into the back half?
David J. West: Absolutely -- what’s happened is there was a downsizing in space, particularly coming out of premium, and there was quite a bit of space that came out of the category in premium. Some of it went into trade-up but trade-up space is about the same, so mainstream has gotten more space and what we are seeing also is in a lot of instances double facings on some of the strong core brands which is a good thing because I think it correlates to the way the advertising is being spent in the category. 
Bryan Spillane - Bank of America: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Laza with Barclays Capital.
Andrew Laza- Barclays Capital: Of the 10% or 11% pricing that you had in the quarter, I am curious if you can give us a little bit of color on sort of what piece of that might have been sort of gross pricing versus let’s say the netting off of that of promotions and whether that was sort of up or down meaningfully either way year over year in the quarter?
David J. West: It’s a good question. For the second quarter, it’s the smallest quarter and it’s largely mix towards instant consumable, so we got most of that -- the list price goes through as it is and as I said, it was pretty close to the 10% or 11%. We might have picked up a little bit more on trade promotion in terms of trade promotion favorability but not much. It pretty much was the list price coming through. Trade promotion all things being equal about where it would have been a year ago. 
Andrew Laza- Barclays Capital: Got it, and then as you look forward to the second half, obviously the seasonality, the business changes and the product mix, would you assume there would be a little bit more of the netting off of the gross price, you know, obviously relative to the second quarter, yes, but I don’t know if that would change much year over year from last year in the third quarter. 
David J. West: I think the -- well, as you said, the mix part of it is as you get out into the latter part of the year, we recycle the August price increase. From a promotion standpoint, we would expect to maybe be a -- you know, pick up a little bit more in the gross to net area but obviously we are not getting the full list anymore, so I -- part of what we are doing is obviously hopefully as we move our prices up that we are getting a lot of that pass through at retail -- [inaudible] obviously the retailers, to what they run but we are trying to get a little trade promotion efficiency in the back part of the year. 
Andrew Laza- Barclays Capital: Got it -- last thing with some of the potential strategic investments that you may be able to make or decide to make in the back half of the year, would any of that potentially include some more of the sort of the feet on the street that you were doing over the last year in sort of convenience store and the food channel? Because it certainly seems like that’s -- at least best we can tell that that’s paid off in a pretty big way, so maybe it’s just some thoughts around that would be helpful. 
David J. West: I think it’s one of the areas that we are looking at in the back part of the year in terms of investment. I think all I will tell you is that across [inaudible] of the trade, we’re looking at the ROI on that investment. I do think the convenience store investment particularly, Andrew, has paid out for us. We’ve been very pleased with the type of up-selling and merchandising we are getting done at retail there and we think the distribution gains have been pretty significant for us. So we’re pleased with that.  We are evaluating a number of different coverage models, if you will, and coverage frequencies, so I wouldn’t expect there to be a material change to the coverage levels through the back half of the year but that’s not to say that we aren’t look at it as one of the things that we are investing in.
Andrew Laza- Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I would like to just follow up on the ad spend question -- your ad spend you are saying is up, you know, over 40% but given that rates are probably lower year over year, how much would you estimate your impressions or whatever unit of measurement you want to use is up?
David J. West: It’s higher than that. I don’t really know that I want to get into the specifics of how we are buying but you can add certainly double-digit impression points above that 40% to 45%. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, terrific. And on the online business, you said or you indicated that that was going to take off about two points off the top line in the back half. What is the effect below the top line from that? How profitable of a business was that relative to the average margins?
David J. West: Basically as I said, I think it’s going to take -- between that and the premium discontinuations, it’s a couple of points of top line but really no impact on the bottom line. We just didn’t get to scale with the business so it really wasn’t profitable. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then lastly I guess, if we look at what your new sales guidance implies for the back half of the year, you know, at 3% it would be 50 basis points [of growth] [inaudible], 5% -- it would be 4% growth so -- and you are lapping 6.4% in 3Q and 2.6% in 4Q and I understand what is coming out of the online and so forth but does that reflect a conservative stance or an expectation of increased promotional spending? Or it just seems -- that just seems pretty achievable relative to where you are in the year. How should we think about that?
David J. West: As I said, we talked about a couple of points of growth coming right out of the fourth quarter on the gifts and the premium immediately. If you think about the U.S. business specifically, a third of that second half business is seasonal in nature, it’s either Halloween or holiday and we are going to see as I said, some -- you know, the consumer is going to see significantly higher price points.  And in the second quarter, we ran our Smores and our Night at the Museum, if you will, and at retail those price points turned out to be 20% to 25% higher. That’s what the consumer is going to see. They haven’t seen that type of increase in Halloween for probably three or four years and I think in most cases in seasonal packaged candy for seven or eight years, so we expect the volume elasticity on that type of an increase to be pretty significant.  I think what we learned in the first quarter on instant consumables was we converted a little bit better on volume. In the second quarter, our models would tell us we converted about on par with the model but we have not hit a seasonal period where the dynamics are different. It’s usually a lighter user, for one. It’s more of a destination category and frankly the way the seasonal business works, if we get better conversion, you are kind of [capped] because you only make so much seasonal product and sell it in, so essentially if the elasticities turn out, that the volume turns out to be better, what we will see is better sell-through, which is good from a profit standpoint but not necessarily a chance to accelerate the top line. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, understood. Thank you, that’s very helpful and it sounds like you guys are well-positioned.  Maybe last question for Bert -- what do you think it’s going to take in order to make use of that $100 million share repurchase program? 
Humberto P. Alfonso: At this point, we are very happy with our cash flow. As I indicated, we continue to make progress against our working capital. And also against the global supply chain transformation program which as that winds down, we get both benefits on the capital expenditure side as well as profitability.  So we are pleased with the cash flow at this stage. It’s a discussion at the board level that we have and we’ve got an upcoming meeting there, so that’s something that we certainly will discuss in terms of how we might -- you know, serve the shareholder, so I would just stay tuned. It is a board decision. It’s one that we discuss pretty frequently. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Do you think like maybe getting through Halloween with the all clear would be key gating point?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, I wouldn’t want to give you a definite timing or a key gating point. You know, what I would tell you is we are encouraged by our cash flow increase, we are encouraged by the performance of the business and all those things certainly help in the conversation. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you and congratulations on the very nice results. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll – Citi: I just want to say congratulations on the results. Dave, you and the team have done a fantastic job here over a multi-year period, preparing the advertising budget, increasing the sales coverage on the firm -- this has been critical for Hershey and I just compliment you on the multi-year effort.  Looking at -- I really have kind of two specific areas that I wanted to ask about -- again, it is -- the first one is just on advertising. We have had now two successive years, ’08 and if I can talk about ’09, even though it’s not complete, two very significant years of advertising budget increase. Without attaching a timeframe to it, can you give us a sense as to what’s the kind of maximum advertising as a percentage of sales that you could see this go to? And in the backdrop, when I look at the numbers, you know, certainly many of the peers have advertising as a percentage of sales quite substantially above even the projected ’09 levels at Hershey, so how do you think about that? 
David J. West: A couple of things -- we don’t have a -- we don’t think of it in a specific advertising to net sales ratio for the company and I think comparing us to some of the other companies out there, depending on who you are comparing us to, if you feel we are -- we have much more of our sales concentrated in the U.S. and North American markets, so I think we don’t have the kind of global reach and then therefore some of the spending that might change that NS ratio. So I think also given the category dynamics, it’s much more impulse oriented, much more merchandising intense and I think a lot of that in-store presence in an impulse-oriented category continues to be very important and that isn’t going to necessarily be an advertising level. That might be a trade promotion lever, not for pricing -- price off but for location.  So I think that we probably don’t have to have the same levels of advertising as some of the rest of the group. That said, the way we are looking at it, we’ve got some great core equities. We started first with Reese’s, then we moved to the Hershey franchise, Hershey Bliss then Hershey Kisses. Now we are on with Twizzler and Kit-Kat, so when you think about those core equities, what we’ve been doing over the last few years is getting to what we think are sustaining levels of GRPs across those franchises. And I think what you have seen now, as you exit 2009 on Reese’s, Hershey's Kiss, on Blisses and certainly on the Hershey's brand, we’ll be on air all year in 2009 at a sustaining level. We just started in Twizzler and we will start Kit-Kat later in the year, so when we get to 2010, we hope to be at base sustaining continuity levels on those as well.  Then from that point, once you get to base sustaining levels of continuity, then I think what we start to do is then try to understand the curves in the investment -- is it heavy up with certain times of year or copy or -- you know, as we continue to dial up the advertising, do we continue to see good ROIs? And so far on the Reese brand, which is the one that’s the furthest along, we continue to see that. So as long as we continue to see good ROI, we’ll make the investment. But what we’ve been in in the last certainly 18 to 24 months here is in that ramp-up stage on those core brands of getting to what we think is a good continuity level plan.  So we’re not thinking of it in terms of the company, we’re thinking of it brand by brand, getting those brands targeted and getting them to the right levels. And then once we get there to that kind of sustaining level, we’re making the investment on the margin, those decisions. So by the time we get out of ’09, other than on Twizzler and Kit-Kat, we’ll be at full-year continuity and then Twizzler and Kit-Kat will get there in 2010. 
David Driscoll – Citi: That’s great. Thanks for the detail in the answer. One more question here and then I’ll pass it on -- can you talk a little bit about the retailer response to the price increases? And specifically, I get just a ton of questions, Dave, about retailers pushing back on the manufacturers to actually bring down prices, given a broader context of potentially benign inflation. I know that’s not specific for Hershey because you have that set of cocoa sugar, peanuts, et cetera and it’s a very specific set and it’s been inflationary, but I am very curious to hear your comments about what the retailers have said about the very significant price increases that you’ve taken and in fact I think that this benefits them just because they make a lot of money on the category but I would really rather here you talk about it. 
David J. West: I think what we’ve said and been very consistent, and I think has resonated in this type of economy where consumers are looking for tried and true categories, tried and true brands, we have actually made a big investment in the brand. So we took the global supply chain transformation as the first step to create affordability to invest in the business. With commodity costs and certainly pension costs running up the way they have, not just in 2008 but 2006, 7, and 8, our margins had been declining and so as we look at getting our margins back on track in a reasonable place where we can sustain investment, that’s really what the price increase has done for us.  And in this year, as you look at it on a year-to-date basis, the category, FBMX CW, if you will, 80% of our universe, was up 8.9% on a year-to-date basis through the middle of June. So I think the investment seems to be working, the category is growing -- now again, it’s dollar growth, not unit growth, and as we get further into the elasticity curves, we need to start to get the unit growth. That’s where the advertising comes in.  So I think as long as we can continue to grow the category this way, I think that that’s what our role as category leader is, and so as long as we do that I think everybody wins. The consumer wins I think as well because we are still at affordable price points with really good brands. 
David Driscoll – Citi: Outstanding results. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Can you discuss the process to which you assessed the Cacao Reserve and Starbucks to the end, and are you in the process of looking at anything else, such as the filled Kisses or anything like that?
David J. West: I think on Cacao Reserve, when we launched Cacao Reserve into the trade-up space, that was our first entry really into trade-up and the Hershey's Cacao Reserve business. It really wasn’t all that differentiated from -- either one from the mainstream but two, the trade-up that was already out there.  And when we really came to market with Hershey's Bliss in the trade-up space, we really decided that that had a differentiation in terms of the product delivery but also a much better consumer positioning and differentiation, so when we got into trade-up and started to invest behind Hershey's Bliss, Cacao Reserve really just didn’t make sense for us anymore, so that’s kind of the way we thought through Cacao Reserve.  On Starbucks, a couple of things -- I think again just the timing of launching into premium and then launching into premium with a partner who had other issues in their own core business as well, just a bad timing. We learned an awful lot from Cacao Reserve and also from Starbucks about flavor delivery, indulgence, the combination of flavors but just a bad time to be launching, given a set of circumstances on those.  We continue to look at the portfolio within the Kisses franchise, as we mentioned. We are much more focused on the core solid Kisses. We are focused on the silver solid milk chocolate Kisses, on Dark Kisses, on the Hugs, and on the Kisses with almond.  So we’ve gotten focused on a few core five or six varieties there. Unfortunately last year and in the prior years, we had really proliferated into some of the other filled flavors, as well as done an awful lot of limited edition and customer specific flavors -- you know, hot chocolate and chocolate marshmallow and a number of others which frankly weren’t really adding to the brand equity. So that’s a little bit of a drag but we are mostly out of those. They are unfortunately in the base and as we go forward, they will kind of fall out of the cycling. But those are the big things in the portfolio that we are looking at right now. 
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: If I look at your numbers for the full year, you obviously had a really good quarter. If I look at the back half, you are not taking up numbers for the back half and in fact, you are being -- are you being appropriately conservative in terms of if I take the numbers and parse them out into the first half versus second half, relative to your expectations -- can you talk about why the conservatism, or am I missing something?
David J. West: I think -- no, you’re not missing anything. I think we’re being appropriate and I think we’re being appropriately conservative.  I think in the second half of the year, as I said, we do have a little bit of drag from the Hershey's Kiss business and exiting the premium and that comes in the fourth quarter and that’s a couple of points of growth right out of the gate. But really it’s the seasonal nature of the business in the back half. So what we learned in the first half, what we learned on instant consumables, if you will, in terms of pricing and conversion, is certainly interesting but the seasonal consumer and the seasonal business is a totally different usage occasion and shopper and so we think that the dynamics are going to be more similar to what happened in the second quarter on Night at the Museum and on our Smores program, where we saw volume elasticity kind of in line with our model. And I think the other thing that, as I said, when you talk about the seasonal business, you kind of know what you are going to sell in, so if the consumer responds better, what happens is I think the overall season improves in terms of sell-through and probably profitability but the top line, you know, the top line is somewhat governed by the amount of stuff that you sell in, if you will.  So I think that that’s kind of the dynamic you’ve got to think through for us in the back half. 
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: And my last question -- is there anything that would prevent you, now that you seem to have your advertising online, you’ve got the commodities aren’t going wacky anymore, is there any reason we would not believe that 2010 would be a normal year for you guys in terms of your growth paradigm?
David J. West: As I said, we’re focused on getting the [sector] consumer converted to these price points in the second half here and making sure that our advertising investments work, so it’s a little early to start to talk about 2010, because we’ve got a lot of 2009 left in front of us.  We are pleased with the momentum that we have in the business right now. We’ve made some choices. I think we are further along -- this year when we first started the year, we were talking about 2% to 3% top line growth and something below our long-term range. We are pleased that we’ve been able to accelerate ourselves to get back into what looks more like our long-term growth algorithm and I think that’s a good thing for us but we have an awful lot of work to do here in the second half to deliver that and once that goes, because seasons is such a large part of our business, we really need to make sure that we get the seasonal conversion right before we start projecting forward off of that. 
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta with Consumer Edge Research.
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Most of my questions have been answered but a couple of areas I would like to explore. First of all, in terms of -- could you give us some insight into the timing of the ramp-up of supply chain savings? Give us some sort of frame of reference as to how big of a contribution to the gross margin improvement you saw and it was in the first half, and then what you are expecting in terms of the ramp in the second half. 
David J. West: Sure, Eric. If you’ll recall, what we said when we announced the program back in February 2007 was that the total savings projection was $170 million to $190 million, and through last year we captured roughly half of that. Certainly the next larger piece comes in this year because we’ve closed all of the plants. The plant in Mexico is starting to get up and running and there are lines running there. And so this year isn’t a lot different than last year in terms of we do have slightly more tilted to the back half, the savings and that’s a result of closing the Redding plant, which closed earlier this year so obviously you get some of the fixed cost benefits of that. And then by next year, we really are toward the final stages of it, so I would say that we will be three quarters of the way, if not a little bit more, through that initial projection of 170 to 190. We expect to be able to achieve those projections and slightly more back-half oriented for 2009. 
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Great, so I guess that gives you a little bit more flexibility in the second half as well. The other area I want to talk about was Dave, you certainly highlighted the difference in elasticity versus your expectations for the everyday versus the promoted items. In terms of the -- can you talk about some of the reasons you think why the everyday takeaway or the everyday conversion or the elasticity was less than expected? It seems that you’ve had pricing out there on every day of a similar kind of magnitude for the past couple of quarters. On the other hand, you’ve been ramping up your advertising behind the core brands and it seems like in the past quarter you definitely accelerated that. So what surprised you or what were the reasons for the surprise on the everyday takeaway volumes in the quarter?
David J. West: Let me just make sure I am clear -- in the first quarter what we really learned about was the instant consumable part of the business, largely in convenience stores but also in other channels. But really the standard bar and the king bar business was what we -- was really what was in the first quarter where we saw the increase. That is again, it’s a different shopping -- it’s a different consumer usage occasion, it’s an instant consumable event, and the shopper is more bought on impulse and more for self-consumption. So I think what we learned there is we are still at a very affordable price point. We are under a dollar on that instant consumable business. The consumer also finds the king-size business to be of value and we converted better on that and I think a lot of it is we are still at an affordable price point on an absolute basis despite the increase and so on the instant consumable part of the business in the first quarter, we converted very well. In the second quarter, what we learned about was the aisle, if you will, the aisle part of the business, our six-pack and our packaged candy event around Night at the Museum, that’s more of the take-home business. Again, that’s everyday take-home but it’s a take-home -- more of a take-home business. It’s bought I think by a different consumer for a different usage occasion. There I think we converted about what we thought we would convert and I think there it’s the question of differentiation in terms of good merchandising but we were pretty much on target there.  What we are now going to learn about in the back half of the year again is a different part of our business, which is the destination seasonal part of the business. Again, a different usage occasion and in all likelihood, a different consumer, both Halloween and holiday. And that’s a large part of our business -- it’s a third of our business in the back half of the year and we have yet to learn about that. We think it will probably model more like what happened in the second quarter than certainly what the instant consumable was because it’s a purchase occasion and a usage occasion that’s similar to everyday in the aisle but again, it’s still a bit unique and it’s a big part of the business and that’s what we are learning about, Eric.  So I hope that gives you some flavor for how we are kind of learning as we go along here. 
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: I was really focusing on the instant consumables but -- 
David J. West: The absolute price point there, Eric, I think is still at attractive absolute price point with a good brand of consumers still resonates. 
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Okay, and then lastly, could you just comment on what you are expecting for the premium category as the economy recovers? You know, it seems to me and to some others that that category became over-SKU’d, overstocked with some non-differentiated items there. As we recover from this economic downturn, where do you expect that premium category to go or how big do you think it -- how large do you expect that to be relative to where it was before the downturn? Do you think there was a bit of a -- do you think that premium dark chocolate category was -- you know, had an element of there was a bit of a fad in it?
David J. West: I don’t know if it’s a fad. I think what consumers continue to look for is the things that make sense and where the consumer is going to be willing in the future to pay I think is going to be for differentiation and there was a lot of me too items and a SKU proliferation there. That’s been corrected. The segment I think is more appropriately sized now and we frankly had some things fall out of the segment because they weren’t differentiated enough and we didn’t do as good a job because we were a little late coming in. And that’s appropriate.  I think if and when, and I think it will grow again, the premium segment will grow, I think it will be a much slower build this time because I think consumers are going to be much more selective about it as they trade up, what they trade up for. So it’s going to be a question of differentiation clearly and that’s what we are working towards, as I said, in terms of understanding the category and the consumer insights. 
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Great. Thanks again, I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. I wanted to dig into the overseas sales. I think you mentioned that Brazil and Mexico were probably down I think this quarter a little in a constant currency basis, but that India and China are doing well. Would it be possible for you to give us a little bit more color about the importance of those regions? I mean, I know collectively those four countries, are they somewhere between the mid-single-digits, high-single-digits percent of sales overall? How does it break down? I’m assuming that India and China are still pretty early days. Are they actually materially adding to top line growth here or it is still really too early to claim that? And then also on the Brazil and Mexico front, is it just the economic slowdown that’s causing the top line slowdown there?
David J. West: I think on a constant currency basis, when you take the FX out, the business pretty much didn’t add or detract for the quarter and we are growing in local currency, our Canadian business has always been a very good business. It’s a sizeable business and we are seeing nice growth on a local currency basis.  I think the softness in Mexico was on some level macroeconomic. It wasn’t across our entire business. It was just in one segment of our business and I think we’ve got most of the business there going in the right direction. The one area that we are the most pleased about there is our spicy sugar confection area, under the [Pale Entelerico] business in Mexico has rebounded after a little bit of a period of doldrums, so we were pleased about that but there was a couple of other spots of softness.  In the India business particularly, the sugar confectionary business in India continues to do well. We are pleased with our partnership there with [Goddridge] and that business is moving along. And seasonally, China in the second quarter, you’re right on the back end of Chinese New Year as you get into the second quarter and there is very minimal business in China. It’s not a real impact during the quarter. 
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Okay, great. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: On Halloween sales, I think you mentioned in your prepared comments that there was a slight delay, shifting the sales into the third quarter but that things had gotten back on track. I’m wondering, was there anything specific behind the sales slow down or a delay in orders?
David J. West: Actually, Christine, it was just a couple of million dollars shifted out of -- you know, we were at a couple million dollars more in the second quarter last year and when you talk about the size of that season, it’s really immaterial. So for all intents and purposes, from a timing standpoint, we are right exactly where we would have expected to be. I mean, all that is is essentially one customer who probably backed a shipment up a week. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Great. And then just in terms of how you are going into the holiday season, obviously with more programming but have you given the price increases adjusted your sizes or come out with any kind of value propositions for consumers, given the importance of bag candy for the holidays?
David J. West: We really have not made adjustments in sizes. We have -- what we have done is really made the adjustments in programming. We’ve added seasonal specific advertising the same way we did at Easter, which proved to be very successful. At Halloween, you will see a lot of the Reese’s and you’ll see the familiar Hershey Kisses bells commercial at the holiday time, as well as the base advertising on both those brands continuing. We have added couponing and I think to make sure that it’s essentially particularly to open the season and close the season strongly, we’ve added some couponing to make sure that we continue to stimulate consumers.  And then in terms of merchandising, we continue to have a very, very effective sales force out there. It’s one of our competitive advantages and we think that they will do a very good job merchandising.  So we’ve added some things programmatically to help the consumer kind of process the higher price point but we haven’t changed bag sizes or anything like that. It really is the same basic put-up from last year at a higher price point, given our price increase but we are going to try and help selectively with the consumer to get used to that with the advertising and the couponing. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And then just -- fine, I’ll leave it there. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens with JP Morgan. Terry Bivens, your line is open. That question has been withdrawn. Your next question is from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Thanks. David, I just wanted to know if you had been tracking your competition’s advertising spend -- do you think that they are raising their spend this year or have they cut?
David J. West: We are tracking it and I think what I would say is given our increase that our share of voice is probably higher than it was last year at this time. 
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: But do you think that’s because they cut or do you know?
David J. West: We track it. I think our -- certainly our increase is at a higher rate and their spend looks to be pretty much equivalent with what they were spending a year ago. 
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Leibowitz from Horizon.
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Yes, just a brief follow-up on something you had mentioned -- what percentage of your business do you expect to come from couponing this year versus years past? And how much more in the way of couponing do you expect to do over the balance of this year and into early next year, given the size of the price increases you are talking about?
David J. West: I think the couponing across, not just in our category but across all categories, is up. I think a number of manufacturers in many categories are, given the economics and the pricing that’s gone on in the category, using more couponing. And so for us it’s going to be up slightly.  You know, redemption rates, and I don’t want to get into specifics but redemption rates in the categories are still fairly low and I think for us the -- we are going to make sure that one of the good things about the couponing is it also helps us to ensure that we get appropriate merchandising when we put a coupon out.  So it was a little bit higher -- I think that’s true for all categories. 
David Leibowitz - Horizon: And just one brief add-on -- historically the larger the dollar amount or cents amount on a coupon, the greater the chances it will be redeemed. Are you actually going to increase the face value of the coupon?
David J. West: No, I think we are going to be pretty consistent with the value of the coupons. 
David Leibowitz - Horizon: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Roesch from Soleil Securities.
Ed Roesch - Soleil Securities: I wanted to ask you, reflecting on the past year or so, why would price not factor in your expectations as a large component of sales drivers going forward, especially given some of the difficulties that the organization has had growing the franchise from a volume perspective and then the really good response to the amount of pricing you put through in the past year-and-a-half?
David J. West: Ed, I guess I’m not quite sure I’m following the question. I think what happens as the year goes along is pricing becomes less of a part of the algorithm because we are lapping the increase when it went in on August 15th, almost a year ago. 
Ed Roesch - Soleil Securities: Right but longer term, Dave, I’m just wondering if your experience over the past year-and-a-half has made you think of pricing as a bigger lever than you would have previously for the long-term growth of Hershey's top line. 
David J. West: I think, Ed, as I said the most important thing for us right now is to evaluate as we go through the back half of the year here how the seasonal pricing affects the consumers in the category and we have to learn about that.  I think the most important thing for us is that we need to continue to provide a good product, good brand to the consumer at a value that’s acceptable to them. It appears that we are still doing that based on the results to date. We think we will do that in the second half of the year but we have to learn about that. But we still provide a product at a good value and that value perception is what we will learn about here in the back half of the year.  To project anything forward other than that until we really learn how the second half goes here would be really, really premature. 
Ed Roesch - Soleil Securities: Okay, and one follow-up, if I could -- are there any kind of brand equities that you could circle back on that have some latent potential that could be exploited? For example, like a Take Five or something like that, which has generally been I think dismissed as kind of being on a declining arc, but could those be revived a little bit after being off air for a while?
David J. West: Ed, I’m not talking about on air or off air or anything else but I think one of the things that we have found is that we’ve got some great brands out there. We’ve got Mounds, Almond Joy, York, Heath, Skor, Payday, just to name a couple. And what we are finding is as we have refocused our portfolio more toward the core and stopped limited edition proliferation, those brands are growing very nicely because those brands really have become the variety offering in the category versus the multiple flavor variance that we were putting out there.  So those brands, those kind of secondary brands that even if they are not getting TV advertising, they are getting focus with our retail people. When we get into convenience stores, we are getting them into distribution. A lot of them we’re getting back into distribution in areas where we might have had a limited edition or something else on the shelf, so we’re getting nice growth on those brands just by getting focused on the core.  So we are very pleased with them and we’ll continue to think about programming for them in the future but right now, we are pretty pleased with how they are growing just with the good merchandising and retail focus from our folks. 
Ed Roesch - Soleil Securities: Thank you. 
Operator: At this time, there are no questions. 
Mark Pogharian: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us on today’s conference call. If you have any follow-up questions, [Monafern] and myself will be available. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian – VP Investor Relations  Dave West - President and CEO Bert Alfonso - Senior Vice President and CFO 
Analysts: Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse David Palmer – UBS David Driscoll – Citi  Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Jon Feeney – Janney Bryan Spillane – Bank of America Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities Terry Bivens – JP Morgan
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2009 Results Conference Call. I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Pogharian. 
Mark Pogharian: Welcome to the Hershey Company First Quarter 2009 conference call. Dave West, President and CEO, Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO, and I will represent Hershey on this morning’s call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening, that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2008 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website www.Hersheys.com in the investor relations section. Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheets and the summary of consolidated statements of income in accordance with GAAP as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statement of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we’ve said in the press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our first quarter 2009 results, excluding the net pre-tax charges. The majority of charges in both 2009 and 2008 are associated with the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program announced in February 2007. These pre-tax charges were $19 million in the first quarter 2009 and $30.7 million in the first quarter of 2008. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignment initiatives.  With that, let me turn the call over to Dave West.
Dave West: Hershey’s results for the first quarter were solid and I’m pleased with the progress we continue to make. Net sales increased by 6.5% and market share performance is tracking nicely with core brands responding to the investments we have made. As we exited January our quarterly profile changed slightly. Commodities, while still up markedly year over year, were tracking a bit favorable to our expectations, driven primarily by dairy. Bert Alfonso will have further details on how we are thinking about dairy for the remainder of the year. In Q1 this dairy favorability gave us the flexibility to add some incremental Easter advertising. Our decision was driven by our analysis of the holiday and Valentine’s seasons. We gained market share in these seasons but we noticed purchasing patterns were compressing with take away skew closer to the actual date of the holiday. Recall that in 2009 Easter occurred on April 12th and in 2008 on March 23rd. Therefore we moved to increase Easter seasonal programming and advertising. This included Reese’s seasonal as well as the classic Cadbury Cream Egg clucking bunny TV spots. They ran in the first quarter to ensure successful sell through at retail. While results are not final, we had a solid Easter and will gain market share in our fourth consecutive season. We enjoyed strong sell through at retail. The timing of Easter obviously has and will impact IRI and Nielsen data related to the March and April quads and therefore the first and second quarters as well. Easter timing aside, Hershey’s marketplace performance continues to improve.  Total CMG or total category candy mint and gum consumer take away for the 12 weeks ending March 22nd in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business and as a reminder these include food, drug, mass including Wal-Mart and convenience stores was down. Frankly, this decrease is not a meaningful indicator due to Easter timing. Excluding Easter seasonal activity in both the current and year ago period, a better yet still imperfect barometer, our retail take away in food, drug, mass including Wal-Mart, and convenience was up 7.4%. Specifically the Reese’s, Hershey’s here excluding Bliss; Kit Kat and Twizzlers franchises were all up high single digits. Kisses declines are moderating as we lap the proliferation of flavors and filled versions launched in prior periods. We have seen some traction on everyday silver Kisses take away up slightly benefiting from the new advertising mix again in the first quarter. Perhaps the easiest way to assess performance given seasonal timing and therefore all the noise and the data, is by looking at absolute market share results. Hershey take away in FDMXC excluding Wal-Mart and excluding the Easter seasonal activity was up 6%. We gained market share both with or without the Easter seasonal activity. All in, including the seasonal activity Hershey market share in FDMXC increased 0.5 points. Our marketplace results were solid across all channels as we gained market share in all classes of trade on both an everyday and seasonal basis. Despite the challenging economic times and necessary price increases due to higher input costs the category is doing reasonably well. Excluding the Easter seasonal activity in the current and year ago period in FDMXC excluding Wal-Mart the category grew about 2.5%. This is slightly below historical growth rate of 3% to 4%. A portion of the category softness is due to continued slowdown within the premium, gifting and novelty sub-segments. This is evident when you look at the Valentine’s results. As expected in FDMX Valentine’s category dollars declined about 6%. Channel shifting has impacted the FDMX performance. However, Hershey had a solid Valentine’s with FDMX take away up roughly 3% resulting in a solid 1.9 share point gain for Valentine’s. Within the FDMX classes of trade Hershey’s total category performance was solid. Excluding seasonal activity in both the current and year ago periods Hershey’s take away in FDMX increased 4.5% resulting in a market share gain of 0.5 points. Hershey’s chocolate performance in the food class of trade was particularly strong as we gained 1.1 share points. This was driven by higher levels of advertising across core brands including Reese’s, Hershey’s, Kisses and Bliss. Recall that aside from Reese’s the other core brands were not on air in the year ago period. Additionally, core brands benefited from strong seasonal execution and improved retail efforts.  In the C-store class of trade where the Easter impacts are minimal, the category was up 5.5%. Total Hershey’s C-store take away increased for the fourth consecutive quarter and was up 8.3% resulting in a share gain of 0.7 points in C-stores. I will remind you that the year ago period C-store category growth was soft, up only 2.3% and Hershey’s take away had declined 2.2% in the year ago period. In the current period, Hershey C-store chocolate and non-chocolate take away was up 7.9% and 16.0% respectively driven by price realization, king size distribution gains and strong in store merchandising.  Volumes were off a bit but better then the elasticity models had predicted. This was driven by successful programming, including a tie in with the NCAA March Madness Basketball Tournament that featured on pack promotion across the Hershey’s, Reese’s, Kit Kat and PayDay brands, as well as by a co-promotion with Coke. We expect the convenience store channel to be a meaningful contributor in 2009, however, performance will likely not be as strong during the remainder of the year as we have now cycled the February 2008 pricing action and will be lapping the roll out of king size expansion that started about a year ago in Q2. As we look to the remainder of the year across all channels our efforts will focus on core brands. Continuity levels of advertising will continue on Hershey’s, Reese’s, Bliss, and Kisses to maintain the momentum on these brands. We’ll also be on air in 2009 with new Twizzlers and Kit-Kat advertising. Twizzlers will start on air in Q2 and Kit-Kat later on in the second half. These two brands haven’t been meaningfully supported on TV in over five years. We’re pleased with the strength of our advertising copy and believe that when coordinated with in store selling and merchandising it will generate excitement and drive consumers to the confectionary aisle. Our program calendar for the balance of 2009 is built around high impact properties including a Reese’s NASCAR tie in and NCAA Football promotion, a big summer S’mores promotion featuring Rascal Flatts that includes national FSI’s for purchases of Hershey’s milk chocolate bars, Kraft Marshmallows and Honey Maid Graham Crackers. Consumers will also have an opportunity to win a personal block party with Rascal Flatts and VIP trips to their concerts. Hershey’s Bliss will be supported all year long. The on TV plans include Win Your Bliss and Unwrap the Bliss Life promotions offering consumers a chance to win their ultimate Blissful vacation. The Kisses brand will anchor our Q2 Night at the Museum promotion featuring Ben Stiller. Additionally, Kisses will be the focus of the fall and holiday baking seasons. We expect to improve velocity on our core Kisses franchise items. However, this will be offset by planned sku rationalization of prior limited editions principally filled and flavor extensions. Through the first quarter and Easter period we continued to build marketplace momentum. While there is a lot of noise in the data due to Easter timing, in FDMXC the overall category declined 1.9% for the 52 weeks ended March 22nd. We would expect that when the Easter effects are sorted out the 52 week category growth rate will be around 3%. The category sub-segments of premium and trade up are soft. Overall, seasons are flattish in the category with everyday mainstream growing particularly within value oriented formats. Our strong brands, strong position at retail, increased advertising spending, and excellent seasonal execution should allow us to continue to hold our own in the marketplace. Post Easter and April quad our comps do get tougher and the consumer will see higher promotional price points at retail on the balance of our portfolio. We remain committed to higher levels of advertising and in store programming to help the adjustment to new retail prices. We’ll continue to monitor consumer behavior and purchasing patterns and make the necessary adjustments and investment in brand building initiatives to drive sales at both the company and retail levels. This flexible approach will help us navigate the remainder of the year as the consumer sees the higher retail price points. While the category has remained resilient, the help of the US consumer monthly retail sales and comments from government officials continue to point to concerns related to the overall economy. In the near term, it is difficult to predict consumer sentiment and purchasing patterns over the next months, quarter and year. We continue to expect our US volume to decline in 2009. Outside of the US the countries where we operate are also facing many of the same issues impacting the US economy. Our international business will be challenged in 2009 as foreign currency exchange will negatively impact both the top and bottom lines as it did in Q1, particularly in Mexico and Canada. On a local currency basis we continue to make good progress with particularly good results in the India and Brazil JVs. Overall, we still expect 2009 net sales growth of 2% to 3% as our pricing actions and core brand sales growth will be partially offset by lower volumes and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. We have good visibility into our cost structure. To date, dairy costs are favorable versus our initial estimates. If dairy spot market prices remain at current levels for the balance of the year, we would expect the year over year annual commodity costs impact to be somewhat less then our initial estimate of $175 million. Advertising will increase 20% to 25% in 2009 and we will make the necessary investments in select international markets. Also, as previously communicated, our year over year increase in 2009 annual pension expense is $70 million. We do continue to expect earnings per share diluted from operations in 2009 to increase, however, at a rate below our long term objective of 6% to 8% growth.  We do feel good about our momentum but we remain cautious about macro economic factors and the yet to be measured price elasticity impact on certain segments of the category. I’ll now turn it over to Bert who will provide some additional financial details.
Bert Alfonso: First quarter results were better then our earlier expectations with consolidated net sales of $1.236 billion up 6.5% versus the prior year, generating diluted earnings per share from operations of $0.38. The 2.7% EPS increase is primarily due to price realization, better than expected volume trends versus our original estimates and supply chain volume efficiencies and productivity. First quarter sales benefited from a longer Easter selling period as well as from price realization. Partially offsetting these gains were lower sales volumes due to elasticity impacts related to our 2008 pricing actions, as well as about 2.5 points due to foreign currency translation. As a reminder, as we exit the first quarter, we have lapped the February 2008 price increase on the instant consumable portion of our portfolio. Dave already provided details related to our marketplace performance, but note that our retail take away, adjusting for the Easter seasonal activity is relatively in line with our net sales shipments. As a result, inventory levels at key distributors and retailers are at normalized levels. In addition, a good portion of sales over the last two quarter related to seasonal candy and our sell through was solid. Now turning to margins, during the first quarter operating gross margin increased 130 basis points driven by net price realization, supply chain efficiencies related to fixed cost absorption as actual volume was better than expected versus our initial estimates on supply chain productivity and savings. These margin gains more than offset higher input costs of about 320 basis points reflecting total consolidated cost increases for raw materials, energy, and packaging. Higher employee benefit costs, primarily expense for our manufacturing facilities also reduced gross margin in the first quarter. In the first quarter, commodity cost impact was a bit better then we expected due primarily to the lower dairy costs. As most of you are aware, there is [inaudible] market for dairy products. Our current expectation is that dairy prices could increase over the balance of the year as they are now close to support levels and culling of the US dairy herd has begun. If dairy spot prices remain at the current levels for the balance of the year, we would expect the year over year commodity cost impact to be somewhat less then our initial estimate of $175 million. We believe we have good visibility into the majority of our costs for the remainder of this year and all things being equal gross margin will be up in 2009 but not a the rate we realized in the first quarter. First quarter EBIT margin increased 70 basis points as higher gross margin primarily from price realization more than offset higher advertising, selling and pension expenses. As Dave stated earlier, we took a flexible approach to first quarter brand investment by increasing our advertising and programming to drive key take away seasonal sell through. As such, advertising spend increased about 40% in the quarter supporting the ongoing Hershey’s Pure and Reese’s Perfect campaigns as well as Hershey’s Bliss and the new Kisses Coffee. Coupon redemption was also meaningfully higher about 25% versus year ago levels as consumers react to today’s economic environment. Now let me provide a brief update on our international business. On a constant currency basis sales were solid. On a GAAP basis total company net sales were impacted by about 2.5 points due to stronger US dollar year over year. Local currency results were particularly strong in Brazil and India as distribution gains and our brand building initiatives are taking hold. Overall, international profitability improved versus year ago but margins are still pressured as we continue to make the necessary investment to increase brand awareness and go to market capabilities. Going forward, we continue to expect foreign currency translation to be a headwind in 2009 which would impact both top and bottom lines. Lastly, in March, we acquired the Van Houten brand in Asia. This acquisition complements our existing businesses in that region and gives Hershey a presence in several high potential markets including Malaysia and Indonesia. This transaction continues our disciplined global strategy, venturing growth markets through acquisition and partnerships. While small, the Van Houten business is profitable and will be accretive. The investment was about $15 million or approximately one time sales. Now moving down the P&L, for the quarter interest expense decreased coming in at $23.9 million versus $24.4 million in the prior period. Lower interest was attributable to lower CP balances and related interest rates. In 2009 we expect interest expense to be about flat to slightly favorable versus 2008. The tax rate for the first quarter was 41.9% due the timing of certain tax events and the related accounting. This is greater than year ago but roughly in line with the outlook we provided in January. We continue to expect the full year tax rate to be about 36% and roughly 30% in the second quarter. In the first quarter of 2009 weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were 228.3 versus approximately 229 million in 2008. The EPS of $0.38 per share diluted from operations of 2.7% versus year ago. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, at the end of the first quarter net trading capital decreased versus last year’s first quarter resulting in a net cash inflow of $22 million. Accounts receivable was up $32 million and remains extremely current and of high quality. The year over year increase is a result of Easter timing. We continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging and despite current conditions in the financial markets we have not seen an impact on our customer’s payment patterns to date. Inventory declined by $47 million and accounts payable increased by $8 million.  In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software were $37 million. In 2009 we are targeting total capital additions to be in the range of $155 to $165 million or about $20 million lower than previously communicated. The lower level reflects tighter control of our capital spend and will not have an impact on our Global Supply Chain Transformation Program and savings. About $40 to $50 million of the CapEx forecasted is related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program. Depreciation and amortization was $47 million in the quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program of $3 million. Therefore, operating depreciation and amortization in the quarter was $44 million. In 2009 we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of about $190 million including accelerated depreciation and amortization of approximately $10 million. Dividends paid in the quarter were $66 million. We did not acquire any stock in the first quarter related to the current repurchase program. There is $100 million outstanding on the current authorization that the Board approved in December 2006. During the quarter, we did repurchase $9 million of our common shares in the open market to replace shares issued in connection with employee stock option exercises. As it relates to our short term cash needs the company is currently well positioned. While the credit markets are volatile, to date, market conditions have not had an impact on our Hershey’s day to day operations, liquidity, or longer term planning. Our cash flow continues to be strong and will improve as the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program is completed. We have not encountered any difficulties in our short term commercial paper funding and have been able to place our CP at attractive rates. Now let me provide an update on the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program. Construction of our Monterrey, Mexico facility continues and about 75% of plant manufacturing lines are installed and producing product. Major US and Canadian plant closures related to the program have now occurred and the last of the relocated lines are currently in process. Closure of the Artisan Confection plant announced last January are also underway. Our progress continues and we are essentially in line with our implementation. During the quarter we reported Global Supply Chain Transformation Program charges of $19 million pre-tax. That includes $3 million of accelerated depreciation and $1 million of project startup both in cost of sales and $2 million of SM&A expenses reflecting program management costs. As for the total project costs including likely additional pension settlement charges are in the range of $615 to $665 million. Based on employee withdrawals year to date we now believe it is likely that pension settlement charges will be incurred in 2009 and estimate these non-cash charges to be $40 to $50 million. In 2009 the company expects to record GAAP charges of about $85 to $120 million or $0.24 to $0.33 per share diluted primarily related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program. Now let me summarize. In 2009 our goal is to maintain our current marketplace momentum. Due to continued economic uncertainty and fluctuating consumer sentiment we expect a challenging business environment for the remainder of the year. As we have consistently stated since August, volume will be down in 2009 due to the US sales volume elasticity of the price increase.  Over the balance of the year consumers will see higher promoted price points on our everyday take home packaged candy. In some cases particularly Halloween, the largest of our seasonal businesses, these prices have not increased in several years. To ensure we maintain our market share gains we’ll continue to invest in our brands and businesses in both the US and international markets. Specifically, advertising will increase 20% to 25% in 2009. As I mentioned earlier, commodity spot prices continue to fluctuate, however, we believe we have good visibility into our cost structure at this point in the year. In addition, as we stated in January the year over year increase in our 2009 pension expense is $70 million. These cost increases we more than offset by higher net pricing, ongoing operating productivity improvements and savings from the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program. As such, in 2009 we expect net sales growth of 2% to 3% and earnings per share diluted from operations to increase. However, our long term objective of 6% to 8% growth.  We will now open to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: On second quarter you told us that the tax rate is going to be very low. Is there some kind of a pull forward into first quarter and out of second quarter, can we expect you have 6.5% sales growth you’re well ahead of your annual guidance. Could second quarter sales be negative based on that?
Bert Alfonso: I wouldn’t read too much around the tax rate into the top line. What’s happening is mostly related to the accounting requirements around FIN48 and the timing of certain tax events, the earnings recognition. We initially taken that into account when we talked in January we knew our tax rate would be somewhere in the 40% range with the computation if you want to call it that in the second quarter but with a 36% rate to the year.  There have been a couple things that have occurred that ticked the rate up a little bit more than the 40%, some state actions a little bit more state tax. It’s mostly around our assessment of clients and the tax that will be recorded according to FIN48. It really isn’t that far off from what we anticipated. A little bit higher in the first and about where we thought in the second. No relationship to the top line.
Dave West: The revenue in the first quarter we had a good Easter period which we knew we were going to have. The pricing pretty much as expected and then foreign exchange probably hurt us a little bit more then we would have thought but nothing that significantly meaningful. Then we had a little bit better volume on a couple of the different pack types particularly on king size and standard loose. The first quarter stands on its own, there’s no timing effect across the quarter.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: There’s no pull forward of Easter sales into first quarter and out of second quarter.
Dave West: No, all the Easter was certainly shipped in the first quarter.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Can you break out first quarter a little bit more specifically for us how much was volume, how much was price and currency?
Dave West: Let me give you a little bit color on it. The pricing is pretty much as expected on the list price increase that we took an increase in the early part of last year, February of last year pretty much on standard bars and six packs then we took another price increase in August. Those things at list naturally flow through so that’s probably a high single digit contributor if you will in the quarter in terms of sales. Foreign exchange as Bert said was about a 2.5 point to the top line headwind for us. Longer Easter season it was a benefit to us, similar number, maybe 2% to 3%. Then the volumes were down as we would have expected because of the elasticity but they weren’t down quite a much as we would have expected we were a little better in certain, particularly in the instant consumable area. We were still down on volume in the US.
Bert Alfonso: The international affiliate did have volume growth.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Your market shares were very strong in the quarter and I’ve noticed that you are on air all the time now. You’re on TV quite often and I haven’t seen much of your competitor other than Mars and some outdoor advertising. Do you think that your share of voice has gone up substantially in the first quarter and do you expect that throughout the year?
Dave West: I would say that our share of voice is probably up some and I’m glad that you’re seeing the continuity effect on the brand because it is something that we’re certainly working towards. I do think we’ve improved our share of voice but in the scheme of things Mars and Wrigley’s still have quite a bit of advertising out there on air. We’re making good progress and we’re happy with the ROI and the returns.  The important thing for us the way we’re flighting our advertising this year and the efficiencies that the market allowed us to do in the up front buy we’ve gotten really good GRP delivery. So we’re actually getting GRP delivery beyond the increase of the spending level. I’m glad that it’s becoming obvious out there and our team internally is working very hard to get the continuity levels on the big brands.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer – UBS
David Palmer – UBS: One industry person commented to me that Hershey got the pricing in place in the US chocolate spaces heading into ’09 but Mars failed to take advantage of the pricing windows so to speak so Hershey has been perhaps a little bit better positioned to deal back, to maintain volume versus your key competitor. In addition we’ve heard that Mars has been pretty distracted lately with some of the changes there.  Obviously you can’t comment on Mars’ distraction but has the competitive dynamic been somehow different or easier for you in this year versus your key competitor, any comment on that would be helpful.
Dave West: It’s a competitive category; it’s always been a competitive category. I wouldn’t comment any further other than its tough out there for everybody and we’ve seen nothing one way or the other unusual. That’s about where I’d leave it. There’s nothing that I would comment on that would lead me to believe that anything’s really changed significantly.
David Palmer – UBS: Do you feel like your level of promotion activity is comparable across channels to last year at the same time?
Dave West: We actually specifically in the first quarter with respect to our promotions if you’ll remember, when we priced the business in the fall we held the pricing that already existed and the programming that already existed on the Valentine’s and Easter, that’s principally what most of the activity is in the first quarter. I would say it was comparable; I think we certainly had a little bit more advertising and better retail coverage because our people are coming up to speed more.  If you remember in the first quarter 2008 a lot of them were relatively newly hired. Now they have a full year under their belt. I think that from the perspective of our seasonal performance particularly Easter I would say it’s a little bit of it is better brand programming but a lot of it is also better retail execution.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll – Citi 
David Driscoll – Citi : The Nielsen data reveals that Hershey’s chocolate candy prices at retail were up by double digits on both everyday chocolate and seasonal chocolate during the first quarter. Thus given that volume trends came in ahead of your expectations during the quarter it feels like there’s a good probability that volumes throughout the remainder of the year should hold up given that consumers experience significant price increases across the board for Hershey chocolate in 1Q and continue to buy the product.  Am I thinking about this right and pointedly I was surprised to see such large increases in price at the retail level on the seasonal merchandise. I know you didn’t realize it at the manufacturing level but it sure looked like it showed up at the retail level.
Dave West: We did move list prices obviously last August on everyday. To the extent that there’s everyday product that is kind of wrapped up in the Easter period it would come through at a higher price point. The real test for us is as we’re now coming out of Easter we’ll start to see package candy and our seasonal business around Halloween at the higher price points for the consumer particularly on a promoted basis.  If you’ll think about 2008 and really for several years when you think about Halloween for example the opening price point for Halloween has been two for $4.00 and a lot of the season runs at two for $4.00 or two for $5.00. We’re going to move from two for $4.00 to two for $5.00 and at holiday we’re going to move it from two for $5.00 to two for $6.00. The consumer is going to see, while we took pretty much a 10% price increase the actual price that the consumer is going to pay is going to be up more like 20% to 25%.  That’s really what you’ll see in the back part of the year seasonally and that’s the real test for the business. We think that we’ve got good execution from a retail standpoint and we’re going to continue to invest behind the brands to create some pull from a consumer standpoint. It’s a significant price increase on a large part of our second half business.  Really we haven’t done a lot of everyday promotions so when you start to look in the second quarter and the third quarter when we run our Night at the Museum promotion, for example, second quarter that’s the first time that we’ll see the higher promoted price point on our packaged candy business. We’re watching those things as we go forward. In C-store we were pretty pleased with how the business held up in the first quarter both king and standard. I do think as you go through the back part of the year there are some significant, particularly the promoted prices moving. We are cautious about the macro economic factors and the elasticity related to that.
David Driscoll – Citi : Could you give us a range then for your expectation of full year ’09 price realization?
Dave West: We haven’t given that. If you think about what happened in the first quarter, high single digits because of the list price increase on average around 10%. We should see that similar kinds of numbers in the second and third quarter but then remember the price increase occurred in the later part of August so when you get to the fourth quarter there’s not as much price realization out in the fourth quarter. We’ll get a little bit of seasonal pricing.  You should see reasonably good price realization in the second and third quarters then not quite as much in the fourth quarter. That’ll also shop up in the gross margin line as well. Gross margin in the first quarter certainly won’t carry through for the full year.
David Driscoll – Citi : Fourth quarter seasonal business is about half the business in that quarter, isn’t that right?
Dave West: It depends on the timing of the shipment. We’ve never really given that specific. If you’re thinking about take away the Halloween take away happens in the fourth quarter but the shipments really occur in the third.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: I know private labels really have never been a factor in confectionary but obviously for the broader food category you’re seeing growth there. I think some of the retailers have talked about maybe allocating some more shelf spaces to their private label chocolate products. What are you hearing on that front and how do you think that that could impact Hershey going forward?
Dave West: You are right, private label is a very small part of our category today. In the category it’s probably more in the sugar side then in the chocolate side of the business. We are hearing that certain retailers may in fact want to devote more space to private label throughout the store. Your information on that is probably as good as our in terms of reading what you see in the press. We are obviously very focused on creating and investing in our core brands more so then we probably have been in the last few years and we think that’s the right answer in the category. While we have taken some price increases we still are at a relatively approachable price point for the consumers, an absolute low price point. We’re going to continue to be diligent and watch what happens in the marketplace but so far at this point in time we haven’t seen a lot of private label growth in the category.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Following up on the C-stores you talked about how you’re pleased with the business holding up there. What other initiatives do you have in place to continue that momentum specific to the C-store channel?
Dave West: We were very pleased with the programming we ran in the first quarter, the NCAA Basketball Tournament tie in really seemed to work for us. Our tie in with Coke where we ran some bundled programs with Coke and Reese’s with a coupon really that activation was good. We’ll have a similar kind of bundling program later on in the year we have a very good shipper program lined up throughout the year. The comps get a little tougher clearly the first quarter year ago comp was our easiest and we were lapping the February and August price increases. The comps get a little harder. The important thing for us is that the things that we have we’ve got really good I think merchandising programs in place. We also are getting a benefit from retail coverage. We added a lot of retail coverage in the convenience class of trade in the later part of 2007 and in the early part of ’08. We’re very focused on distribution and getting the right items in the store.  I think those three things are going to help us continue to drive conversion there. The comps get a little tougher as the year goes on that’s for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: About promotion, when talk pricing is that net of promotion or do you put promotion in terms of top line as another item because we don’t really talk about that but it seems like that’s going to have a big impact as to how the second half rolls through with the higher pricing that you’re implementing on the everyday product.
Dave West: When we internally talk about pricing we talk about net pricing. We talk about net price realization which is list price less trade. That’s the way we like to think about it. When we have our conversations obviously with our retail partners out there that’s the way we think about it is net price realization. We have a list price in effect and then we also have certainly we’re going to see also a change in the prices at promoted. It’s a combination of both when we talk about it.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Isn’t it fair to say that’s its pretty critical as to how Nestle and Mars kind of react to this rather than two for $4.00, two for $6.00. When should we kind of know whether they’re following your lead on taking up the promoted price points?
Dave West: We took a price increase because of our cost structure and our business. What Nestle and Mars look at in terms of their cost structure and what they do is entirely up to them. We have had conversations with our retailers. We know what our intent is in terms of price points and I just gave you those. We kind of know what our expectation is for our own business. We wouldn’t be aware of what the other competitors in the category are doing about price points or advertising etc. What we’re doing is really taking care of our business. We’re advertising aggressively into the price increase and we’re making sure we have really good programming and retail activity to support the brand and to support the higher price points. That’s the way we’re approaching it and you’re right in any category, in any given week, if someone has a feature ad and someone else doesn’t you see the movement. That’s a wildcard and a risk for our business out there and one of the reasons why we’re cautious about what happens in the second half of the year in terms of promotion and promoted price points.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: That seems reasonable to be cautious because if you go back to what General Mills did I’m sure you examined it but they kind of did the same thing with their everyday promoted price, similar kind of increase. Unfortunately there was at least initial backlash from the consumer because I don’t think competitors followed. I guess we’ll see how it flows through.  Can you talk a little bit about cocoa and the fact that it’s priced in pounds globally and the fact that the pound collapsed and kind of what that might mean structurally for cocoa costs? Is that something that you can hedge against beyond just hedging the physical?
Bert Alfonso: Cocoa trades in New York in dollars and in London in Sterling which I think is you are referring to. Certainly it’s a forward market and we trade in dollars in this case. If you’ve looked at the fluctuation in terms of cocoa itself it’s had a bit of a wild ride. It certainly peaked around the same time as most commodities last year, around mid year. It has not had the type of decline that something like oil has. It’s held up better than that. We don’t talk about our hedging strategy in terms of how far out we are. The 10-K is pretty specific in terms of providing a range of about three to 24 months or maybe 36 months. We’re conscious to be in that range. Right now we don’t think of it that way in terms whether there’s a currency play versus a pricing play.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Beyond where you’re hedged, I know you don’t want to talk about that, that’s fine, are there fundamental reasons in the Ivory Coast and other places to why cocoa has stayed so high as opposed to what I understood was this collapse of the pound and the currencies influence on the pricing of the commodity as opposed to what normally would have been let’s say a roll over in the price of it because of supply and demand.
Bert Alfonso: My personal view is that the pound has collapsed much more around the UK economy versus any particular commodity. We watch conditions in the Ivory Coast which I assume anyone that anyone does watch whether its rainfall or crop quality and those types of things. Beyond that we don’t see anything unusual in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Specifically on grind, in the latest data we’ve seen a pretty sharp decline specifically in Asia with grind down about 80% but even here in the US I guess grind is down something like 12%, Europe is down about 20%. Can you talk about if that specific shift in the marketplace is going to have any impact on Hershey?
Bert Alfonso: You’re quite right, the headlines have pointed out that grind is down in Europe and in Asia as you mentioned. That’s been a function of some lower demand in reaction to the marketplace. I think there’s been less of that in the US and then there’s this whole dynamic which some of our folks are experts in terms of the components as what comes out of the cocoa bean whether its butter or powder or liquor as they call it. Those things will influence the supply and the price out there but right now there’s enough cocoa obviously to supply the marketplace. Any long term impact from lower grind we should see at some point but right now we don’t think that’s the driver.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: On peanuts because Reese’s has quite a significant exposure to that clearly the indications are at this point that crops are going to be significantly smaller this year as they adjust for demand. I assume that that isn’t a big deal for Hershey just did your contract production is that a fair assumption.
Dave West: The supply in the market is much more related to last year’s crop. Anything that would be impacting acreage this year will have more of an impact on future peanut supplies. Last year was a good crop and there’s plenty of supply in the marketplace. To the extent that acreage changes it tends to have a future impact and not a current year impact.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Generally talking about the peanut recall and the overall impact on demand. Can you provide any color if Reese’s had any kind of softness or any kind of impact at all?
Dave West: No, we talked specifically about the fact that Reese’s was up strong single digits throughout the quarter. We haven’t seen, we’ve never bought from PCA, that was never a supplier for us and it’s not affecting the Reese’s brand at this point in time. We watch acreage and a number of other things and they acres rotate between wheat, corn and peanuts and that’s pretty standard stuff for us to track. At this point in time we’re not seeing any issue with supply and certainly the more important thing for us is from a brand standpoint Reese’s is really doing very well.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: I guess I leave it with the expectation I think at this point is about a 30% drop in production that’s I don’t think ever been seen before.
Dave West: The important thing for us is we are a big purchaser. We have always been a big purchaser. It’s an important commodity which we track very closely and the reality of it is we watch those predictions and we’re pretty comfortable as we said about the cost visibility that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: I heard a couple things on the call; one being in the first quarter volume was a little better then perhaps your initial expectations. You’ve got some potential, dairy flexibility as you go through the year and obviously no change to guidance at this stage around the year and I realize it’s early. You talked about wanting to be cautious.  Am I getting ahead of myself or does this maybe suggest that you probably realize you may well need or want to be somewhat more aggressive with some of that flexibility on the trade promotion side, you talked about wanting to kind of help consumers adjust to those new promoted price points. If that’s the case and maybe its not, is it something you’re already seeing from either a consumer perspective, a competitive perspective or a retailer’s perceptive that has got you thinking that way?
Dave West: In the first quarter what we did with the dairy flexibility was actually spend on advertising at Easter. It was not a promotion storage for us at all it was really running specific brand advertising around Easter. As we look through the year we’re cautious about the consumer and the consumer reaction and haven’t seen increases in prices at Halloween or holiday for some period of time now. The moves are fairly significant. We obviously will continue to watch and we want to make sure that we support the brand.  We don’t have any intelligence at this point in time that would tell me that we need to be worried about trade promotion levels in the back part of the year beyond how we have them planned but we’re going to seriously be diligent about that to make sure that we don’t need it.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: As the summer kicks in and you start to get some of your early data from those higher promoted price points. To the extent that you do need to make some adjustments and again you’ll have probably some flexibility to do so if you need to. How quickly can you make that happen at the point of sale? Is it something you can get in terms of risk of missing the window if you will around sell through for back to school and Halloween?
Dave West: What we saw at Easter is this is one of the time particularly when its great to have the kind of retail sales force that we have because we have the ability to flex fairly quickly at retail in terms of merchandising and even pricing and price points to get them executed if we need to do that. The retail sales force here is a really big advantage for us and one that I’m glad we have. At Easter we did dial the advertising that you can do in a relatively short period of time because the market, there’s still enough spot available in the market because there’s enough advertising inventory around. The biggest issue is for us and for anybody for that matter, if you already own activity or have planned activity in a window, moving the price point up or down in the window is not all that difficult with a little bit of lead time. If you don’t own activity it’s much harder to get in. For example, we have activity planned all the way through Halloween and holiday at certain price points. If we wanted to change those price points we obviously could go to retailers and dial price points up or down with the appropriate spending conversation with retailers as long as you have the activity. You can react to it to the extent you already have something planned it’s a lot easier to change it. To go in and actually get incremental activity at the last minute’s a lot harder.
Andrew Lazar – Barclays Capital: At the June analyst meeting last year you talked about the potential for much more meaningful innovation really not till the second half of ’09. Was more of that at the time the thinking was more around all the premium and trade up kind of stuff, which I understand wouldn’t be as much the case or need at this stage given the environment we’re in or there are things that either I’ve missed or that you haven’t announced yet that will be part of your ’09 innovation plan.
Dave West: There are a few things that are coming in the back half more toward the fourth quarter that we haven’t announced yet. Certainly closer in innovation. In this environment you’re absolutely right the market has changed, the consumer expectation, I think has changed as has retailer expectations. If people are going to spend money in this market they’re going to spend money on something they really are comfortable with and know and like.  Certainly any innovation in the trade up or premium space we’re very, very strongly supporting Bliss we think that Bliss is the right entry for us we’re going to stay with Bliss for as long as it takes to get it to work. It’s working very well right now. It’s exceeding our expectations in terms of velocity and distribution so we’re pleased with that. Beyond that there’s not a whole lot else we’re going to do in that trade up premium space right now and I think we’re going to stay very focused on the core because I think that seems to be resonating well with consumers right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: In relation to the conditions that occurred in the first quarter where you said you had a little favorability from dairy costs and you spent some of that behind the Easter holiday. Did you say that was advertising or promotion or was it just a combination of both?
Dave West: Advertising.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: What I’m curious about, as you’ve seen the category being a little soft in terms of the overall consumption level and perhaps as we go into, especially the second quarter, seeing a little more elasticity and of course the pricing coming through. You have not really changed your outlook for say promotion and trying to get maybe being a little more diligent about price points if we’re going to be in a tough consumer environment. Is that fair to say and that sort of a watch out for you that you got to see increased levels of promotion just based on the consumer response?
Dave West: That’s not what we’re saying at all. I think what we’re saying is go back to the fundamentals of it, our cost structure we have $175 million commodity cost increase and a $70 million increase in our pension expense this year. In order to keep our business model in tact and be able to invest in the brands and advertising the way we want, we clearly needed to take a price increase. We’ve done that and as we look forward there’s obviously always elasticity effect.  We’ve modeled those and we’re cautious about that particularly in this economy and this kind of economic environment where the consumer sentiment is what it is, we’re just watching it. I don’t think there’s any overhanging promotional issue here its just we took a big price increase, we understand it, we needed it because of the cost structure of our business and now we’re watching the elasticity and large part of the portfolio has not moved yet and as it moves through the year we’ll watch it and monitor it.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: What I’m trying to understand is as the elasticity changes or if it changes of if you see some weakness are you prepared to respond with promotion is what I’m getting at.
Dave West : At this point I don’t want to talk about our plans, we want to continue to grow our business and gain market share we have a number of indicators and metrics we’re going to track and I really don’t want to get into that for competitive reasons in terms of what we’re thinking.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: In relation to trade de-loading I heard about some trade de-loading in the convenience store channel, did you see any of that activity in the quarter?
Bert Alfonso: No, we’ve not. I mentioned that our take away and our shipments are pretty balance right now. We’re pleased where we have, in terms of we track distributor levels that feed into those C-stores and obviously our people are at many of the C-stores. We are comfortable with the inventory levels that we have right now. We are not expecting any form of trade de-loading. We’ll leave it at that, that’s an area we’re particularly comfortable with right now.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: As we look at the degree of pricing in the first quarter and we look at it the second quarter you’re going to have the price increase a year ago rolling off and you’re also going to have of course less promotion coming through as you get those promoted price points up. Without saying something you can’t say or guidance is it reasonable to assume that the second quarter pricing could be up a little different from where it was in the first quarter or does that rolling off of that price increase maybe keep it down a little bit sequentially.
Dave West: The second quarter is a non-seasonal quarter for the most part. It’s skewed more towards instant consumables, it always has. The fall off of the February of last year price increase we’ve already lapped it. That would tell you that it’s probably, the quarter looks similar but mostly instant consumable. We’ve already lapped that price increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Feeney – Janney
Jon Feeney – Janney: I wanted to dig into your better than expected elasticity performance. I wonder do you have any data to indicate or do you think that you’re benefiting from maybe trade down from the category from some more expensive snacking alternatives like maybe energy bars or something like that might explain it, have you ever seen that in the past and could that be something that’s going on?
Dave West: We did comment on specifically within the confectionary category is that there has been a slowdown in the premium and in the trade up space and we would expect that those folks if they’re not exiting obviously the category altogether are trading down into our mainstream brand. That’s clearly part of the story.
Jon Feeney – Janney: I know this might be strange but these are strange times, other categories within snacking maybe that are more expensive losing share to you particularly in consumables.
Dave West: We do track other categories but at this point in time I’d rather not give away any of our own insights into the category.
Jon Feeney – Janney: If you look at the convenience channel I know that’s a big part of instant consumables, it’s going to become more important this quarter. The comparison for convenience store traffic in aggregate be it much easier in the second half of this year yet I guess a lot better execution by Hershey and some Hershey specific factors that make your comparisons more difficult. If you just think about the convenience channel do your comps get easier or tougher from here in that channel?
Dave West: As we said, the comps clearly get tougher for us going forward. The first quarter of 2008 was our softest take away quarter; we were actually down 2% in the first quarter of 2008. Our retail coverage in the channel really kicked in, in the early part of 2008 and those folks are now up to speed and doing a very nice job in terms of gaining distribution and selling in at retail. That’s a benefit for us but as we go through the rest of this year that benefit was also in the prior year. As I said, we had price increases in February of 2008 and we got a benefit from lapping that in the first quarter and we don’t have that benefit the rest of the way. The comps are tougher for us as you go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane – Bank of America
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: I want to understand your market share performance in the first quarter a little bit better. Would it be possible to break out or at least give some color on were your market share gains more pronounced in your promoted or seasonal items or was it with everyday items?
Dave West: We parsed it about three or four or five or ten different ways as you would expect we would. We looked every day, with looked with seasons, without seasons, we looked across multiple channels. Any way you slice it we’re up and we’re up pretty much around the same amount. So there’s nothing I would say that we were up more everyday or more seasonal I think it’s pretty comparable across the board. We gained a solid half share point when you look at it all in FDMX or FDMXC for that matter. When you look at it with the Easter in it, it’s a little better probably when you take Easter out but I’m not sure that that was hard to measure. I would say that we’re pretty pleased because it was broad based and solid everywhere.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: If gifting has been a little bit elastic I would assume that that’s related to consumers gifting fewer premium items. Does the price gap of your seasonal items which hasn’t seen an increase yet versus the premium items giving you some advantage in terms of market share gain and is that something that we should watch going forward as the seasonal items being to go up.
Dave West: You might say that at Valentine’s but certainly not at Easter. Easter doesn’t have a whole lot of premium in it and so I think as you go forward holiday doesn’t have a whole lot of premium in it either. I wouldn’t say it’s a big driver, it’s not a large part of the category as I said I think overall we feel pretty good because its broad based and pretty solid everywhere.
Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Space allocation has that changed at all in terms of the amount of shelf space being allocated to mainstream versus premium confection?
Dave West: We talked about that I think back in the conference call in January and so we’ve seen that happen. There are parts of the category particularly the premium and the trade up sections that are giving away and losing some space. The velocity as they drop its hard to hold those kinds of items on the shelf. That space is finding its way to the mainstream items and benefits our brands.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research
Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Digging into the gross margin improvement a little bit you sighted two factors that were positive in terms of the cost side one being the better fixed cost absorption from the improved or better expected but I guess still down volumes in the quarter and the other from the supply chain savings. Just wondering whether you could in whatever detail you’re comfortable with, give us some measure of the balance between those two factors as certainly the latter would seem more sustainable then the former since you don’t have the benefit of the extra Easter volume this quarter.
Bert Alfonso: In terms of the gross margin obviously we’re very please with the increase of 130 basis points and we explained was a little bit higher then we anticipated. I would say that the better volume in terms of elasticity would have been more of contributor although that’s entirely related to the volume in terms of the absorption going through. Its hard to project either of those going forward and that’s part of our stance in terms of will be able to maintain that level of elasticity as we see different price points coming into the market and they’re both very correlated in terms of the pricing. The supply chain savings are in terms of those that are related to the supply chain transformation program are a bit higher in the second half, you would expect that because the last couple of plants that we’ve shut down were in the first quarter and while right now with the visibility that we have to or cost basket we certain expect that we will expand margin year. We don’t expect it to be at the same level that we were able to achieve in Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: I want to reconcile one thing which is that you stated that volume in the first quarter was coming in better than you expected but at the same time it sounds like you spent back some of the dairy savings on increased advertising. I want to reconcile whether your volume was a function of the increased advertising or if those things don’t have much to do with each other.
Dave West: What I would say is the decision on the advertising was as much as did our analysis of the holiday and Valentine’s periods and saw a compression there and the category declined although we gained share and grew at Valentine’s we wanted to make sure given the longer Easter that the Easter product that we had already shipped sold through well and so I don’t really think it was a driver necessarily of shipping more Easter it certainly was a driver of having the Easter sell through be particularly good.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: You said the Easter purchasing pattern was somewhat compressed closer to the date so was the ad spend.
Dave West: No, the Valentine’s and holiday purchasing patterns were compressed closer to the date and so we expected to see something similar to Easter and we wanted to make sure that we accelerated and sold through our Easter inventory.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Is there a scenario where let’s assume dairy costs stay where they are and you do have a dairy cost benefit for the balance of the year or increase or however it would turn out. Is there a scenario where that savings falls to the bottom line or would you expect to spend it back in one for or another?
Dave West: What I think we would need to do is make sure as we go through the year is we’re watching what happens from a consumer standpoint. I don’t know that I would earmark it any one particular way. We’re going to make sure that our brands grow and that we continue to maintain our momentum and we’ll spend appropriately to do that. It’s probably very premature for us to determine what that looks like. As I said, dairy prices are certainly bouncing around at the low, they’re pretty much near the support level but they can’t certainly get any lower. It’s probably premature to make a call on that too.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: On the outlook for advertising spending, we obviously saw a 40% increase this quarter, it’s been stepping up over the last couple of years as you’ve been rebuilding the brand support. Is this the year where you really are stepping things up and by the end of the year you feel as though you may be where you want to be. I’m asking for 2010 and beyond are we going to continue to see these kinds of step ups or is the idea to get as much of the heavy lifting out of the way in 2009.
Dave West: We haven’t made a comment on that going forward at all. You’ll see from us in ’09 is getting to continuity levels on Hershey’s, Reese’s, certainly on Kisses, starting on Twizzlers, and Kit Kat and continuing on Bliss. On those core brands we’re starting to get the continuity levels. We’ll continue as we go along here to run mix modeling and do an ROI analysis and as long as the spending is generating good returns and good growth we’ll make those decisions as we go further on but we haven’t made any kind of certainly any statement about 2010 or beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: What would it take for Hershey to generate earnings in line with your long term growth algorithm for this year? What are the key levers?
Dave West: Improving volume trends versus our elasticity model would certainly be one thing or getting sustainable advantages in some of the commodity costs. It’s pretty premature to say that because we do have a lot of moving parts in the business particularly with respect to the consumer. Very premature to make any kind of statement about that but any of the levers that are in the model moving in any direction.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: It just seems like you hit all the levers this quarter and it just seems like things are still going in your direction. I know it’s early but to me it just seems like things are progressing the way you would want them to progress to be able to start to think about generating your long term growth targets maybe a little bit earlier then expected.
Dave West: There’s a large part of the business that has yet to see the number of segments chocolate package candy on an everyday basis, our Halloween and holiday business that have yet to see the increases in prices and consumers haven’t had the chance to react to that. It is very premature.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities
Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities: Last year in the first half you were building your SG&A spending around some international additions, infrastructure there and also the sales force build out. If you go back into ’07 and ’06 and prior years the first quarter and second quarter your SG&A spend on the dollar basis was pretty similar. I’m wondering if you could help out on this year on whether the first half the SG&A spending should be pretty similar in the first two quarters then.
Bert Alfonso: I’m not going to comment on going back several years. If you contrast it to last year there’s a little bit of impact although not a lot to rebuilding the retail sales force so we still had a little bit of that. Certainly the year on year pension expense is significant. We’ve mentioned that that’s $70 million which cuts across the quarters fairly evenly during the year. The higher advertising rate of 40% in Q1 versus what we’re projecting for the year at the 20% to 25% does impact this year’s results in Q1 and part of that is having the incremental advertising. We didn’t have Kisses advertising on last year. In fact Hershey’s Bliss, we advertised Hershey’s Bliss but the Hershey’s Pure campaign didn’t come on until the second quarter of last year. We did have a higher run rate then the annual rate. The pension is a meaningful difference and a little bit from the sales force. Those are really the drivers that contrast from first quarter last year.
Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities: If you look at the gross margin line does your standard costing system imply that you’re essentially putting the same cost burden as soon as you hit Q1 based on your assumptions for all of ’09? Are you basically applying the same cost burden to all of your product based on your assumptions for the total ’09 increase throughout the entire year is that the way to think about it.
Bert Alfonso: That would be correct. A good example would be savings that we captured last year through the global supply chain transformation do become part of the standard and projected savings from this years become part of the standard. While a little bit back end loaded on this years savings program because the a couple of the last plants closing in the first quarter the way you’re thinking of it is the right way to think of it.
Ed Roesch – Soleil Securities: You’re already seeing some of those benefits?
Bert Alfonso: That’s correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens – JP Morgan
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: I know it’s a little bit late in the call but I did want to ask you a strategic question. Our understanding is one reason Mars has maybe been relatively a little bit more restrained lately is they are installing SAP. It seems to us that where they have innovated the velocities have been pretty good particularly when you compare them with Bliss. Clearly in this kind of economy it’s been a good move to advertise more behind your core brands but it seems to me at the end of the day it’s still very much an innovation driven business.  Assuming these guys begin to get much more aggressive about innovation what gives you the confidence that you can kind of shift gears in that direction with them.
Dave West: The reality of it is the category has always had some level of innovation be it close in line extensions or flavor news, it’s a variety seeking category and there are a lot of brands and consumer are fairly promiscuous they’ll try a lot of new things. That’s not new, I think our past strategy created way too much churn and didn’t generate the incrementality. We’re being very thoughtful about our approach to innovation.  We have changed our internal processes and we are certainly working and we won’t talk about just anything more specific then that on innovation which we believe is more sustainable and incremental. The question obviously is what’s the right to launch certain items and certain initiatives, that depends on marketplace conditions. This is certainly a time when focus on the core is a good thing. It seems to be serving us well.  We have underinvested on some of the brands in the past and so as we’re investing in them now we’re seeing good returns on the core that we’re going to continue on that path but its not to say that we’re not working against innovation we just aren’t in a position right now to think that it’s the right lever to pull.
Terry Bivens – JP Morgan: Looking forward are you happy with what you see coming down the pipe. You made a reference I think in response to Andrew’s question later this year into 2010 and beyond do you feel pretty good about that?
Dave West: We have some items and some initiatives that we have yet to announce that’ll be coming in the later part of fourth quarter this year, first quarter of next year, that we think are going to be very good performing items. Again, we have taken a different approach then we have in the past it’s a different business model for us, we think it’s appropriate. It appears to be working on the core right now and we’re going to stick with that in this economy is the right thing to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll – Citi 
David Driscoll – Citi : On cash flow guidance and if you could talk a little bit about working capital then a second question on share repurchase. You mentioned you really didn’t exercise any of the $100 million authorization that still remains outstanding. What is the plan on that, are we going to see some repurchase start happening in the second quarter or in the third quarter?
Bert Alfonso: In terms of cash flow I mentioned our working capital was good in the first quarter, we had a net cash inflow of $22 million. A lot of it came from better inventory management. Our receivables were a little bit higher and some of that was related to the Easter timing. We also improved our payables a little bit so we’re happy where our cash flow is. Given the market conditions these days you can’t have enough cash flow and so we’ve taken a look at our capital budget and have made a decision that prudently we can manage that a bit better and so we’ve made a decision to bring CapEx spend down by $20 million this year and that will fortify our cash flow for the year. We’re tracking well against cash flow. We expect the supply chain transformation to continue to help us in that area in two fronts, capital spending with fewer plants will come down and obviously we’ll have the improved savings which help our business. Getting back to the buy back of shares, that’s really a Board level decision. We revisit it with the Board periodically and there’s no doubt that we will revisit that with the Board in the coming quarters. Right now we’re not giving any particular guidance on when that might start to happen.
David Driscoll – Citi : If there’s a $100 million authorization from the Board does it not become a management decision at this point whether or not to go ahead and assume that already given authorization?
Dave West: Its an authorized level in terms of we can execute against it but we still confer with the Board in terms of the timing of that buy back how that impacts our capital structure. We do have a discussion despite the fact that it’s already authorized.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions in the queue.
Mark Pogharian: We thank you for joining us on today’s conference call. [Inaudible] and myself will be available for any follow up questions that you may have. Thank you again for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today’s Hershey Company first quarter 2009 results. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David J. West - President and Chief Executive Officer  Humberto P. Alfonso - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Jonathan Feeney - Janney, Montgomery, Scott, LLC Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets
- :
- : (Virgil Leech) - TIAA-CREF
Operator:  Good morning, my name is Phyllis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company fourth quarter 2008 results conference call. (Operator Instructions)  Mr. Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Phyllis, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company fourth quarter and full year 2008 conference call. David J. West , President and CEO; Burt Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning’s call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast.  Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statement because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K filed with the SEC.  If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website www.hersheys.com in the investor relations section. Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheets and the summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in according with GAAP as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statement of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP.  As we’ve said in the press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentations of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our fourth quarter and full results, excluding the net pre-tax charges associated with the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program and business realignment and impairment charges recorded in 2007 and 2008. These net pre-tax charges were $79.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 and $95.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. For the full year 2008 and 2007, these net pre-tax charges were $180.7 million and $412.6 million respective.  Our discussion of year to date results and the future projections will also exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignment initiatives. With that, let me turn the call over to Dave West .
David J. West :  Thanks, Mark, and good morning everyone. 2008 was a year of challenge for businesses in every sector. The food and consumer package goods industry faced unprecedented input cost volatility and worsening macro economic trends. These conditions were difficult for Hershey, our retail customers, and certainly our consumers. Against this backdrop, we implemented the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program, one of the largest and most complex projects the company has ever undertaken.  We also initiated an in-depth strategic review, including new market structure work and a category and portfolio review to determine a new marketplace strategy and an approach to price realization and brand investments. We also upgraded capabilities and added talent where needed. I’m proud of the way our associates rose to the occasion during these times to ensure the success of these initiatives. As a result of their hard work, we exited the year with positive marketplace momentum. Our core business is currently performing well in the marketplace and we believe we have the right initiatives in place to continue to deliver solid 2009 market share performance.  Let me give you some details. Results for the fourth quarter were strong and we are pleased with the progress we continue to make. Our core brands continue to respond to investments. Net sales increased 2.6% in Q4, driven primarily by net price realization, offset by shipment timing and volume elasticity related to the August price increased, as well as the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. Burt will have further details on the sales numbers later.  Fourth quarter net sales were in line with retail takeaway after adjusting for the two points of volume related to the August price increase, which shipped in Q3 instead of Q4. Consumer takeaway for the 12 weeks ending December 28th, in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business increased by 5.2%, driven by core brands.  Specifically, the Reese’s and Hershey’s, and Hershey’s here excluding Bliss, Kit Kat and Twizzlers franchises, were up mid single digits. When including Hershey’s Bliss and the Hershey’s franchise retail takeaway, the total franchises were up high single digits. These gains were offset by sauces and snacks, refreshment and a mid single digit decline in Kisses. This Kisses’ decline is moderating, but this is not acceptable. I’ll have more on Kisses in a bit. For the full year, consumer take away in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business increased by 3.2%. Our marketplace performance improved sequentially throughout the year and benefitted from the investment we made in our core brands. This is evident when you look at our first half versus second half marketplace performance.  Specifically, year to date through June 15, 2008, our retail takeaway was +1.6%. In the second half of the year, Hershey’s retail takeaway accelerated, increasing +4.6% in the second half. This gain was driven by core brand performance resulting from more advertising, improved merchandising and retail coverage, and good seasonal execution.  In 2009, we’ll continue to invest behind our most responsive brands and further build our selling capabilities.  The gains in Q4 were broadbased, as the category has held up reasonably well despite economic difficulties. For the 12 weeks ended December 28th, in the channels measured by syndicated data, that’s food, drug, mass – excluding Walmart and convenience – total candy, mint and gum or CMG growth was 3.3%. With Hershey retail takeaway increasing 5.2%, resulting in a market share gain of 0.5 points.  For the second consecutive quarter, Hershey retail takeaway was up in all classes of trade, albeit versus a somewhat poor performance in the year ago period. Hershey did particularly well in the food and convenience classes of trade. In the food channel, the category grew by 2% in the fourth quarter. Hershey retail takeaway increased 3.9%, resulting in a 0.6 point market share gain.  Our chocolate performance in the food class of trade was particularly strong. The chocolate segment was up 1.6%, while Hershey’s takeaway increased 3.6%, resulting in a 0.9 point market share gain in chocolate. This was driven by higher levels of advertising across many core brands including Reese’s, Hershey’s and Kit Kat, as well as by Hershey’s Bliss. Hershey’s Bliss continues to perform well in the marketplace, as sales, ACV and repeat rates exceeded our expectations.  During the fourth quarter, we continued on-air advertising and in-store merchandising. The sell through of Hershey’s Bliss Crème De Menthe an in and out holiday item was also solid. Hershey’s Bliss will continue to anchor Hershey’s commitment to the trade up segment in 2009. Overall for Q4, the trade up segment when in the category was off slightly. We saw good gains in trade up packaged chocolates, where Hershey’s Bliss is positioned. This was offset by declines in trade up gifts and novelties. We will support Bliss throughout 2009 with strong year two advertising, year-long sampling and merchandising and continued promotion to further drive trial generation. This investment will ensure the brand grows in 2009 and beyond.  Starting out the Halloween and holiday seasons, as expected in Q4, total seasonal category retail sales in food, drug and mass ex Walmart declined versus year ago. Clearly, channel shifting towards value-oriented retailers impacts the FDMX growth rate. Specifically in FDMX, Halloween was down 2.7% and holiday down 7%, driven by a decline in gifting and a slowdown in premium items, most likely attributable to current macroeconomic challenges. Hershey performed better than the category with flattish takeaway, resulting in FDMX market share gains in both the Halloween and holiday seasons, +0.9 points and .1.4 points respectively. In line with the slow down and higher price point seasonal items, the Starbucks chocolates portfolio was mixed. In 2008, premium represented 6% of the total FDMXC category sales, with growth of about 9% for the full year, but with an even more noticeable slow down in Q4. In Q4, the premium segment was about flat versus a year ago. Looking ahead, we expect to see premium segment growth continue to be moderated by the softer economy. Also, this segment is reaching its saturation point in terms of retail shelf productivity. Distribution of premium items has been growing faster than velocity. We believe in 2009 retailers will begin reallocating premium space back to core brand offerings. Over the past few years, we have gained considerable earning from our participation in premium chocolate. Highly crafted items, such as Starbucks Truffles, will continue to offer an exceptional experience for discerning consumers.  We will also continue to develop high-end specialty brands like Dagoba and Scharfen Berger, based on the learning that we are gain as we continue to participate in space. The critical component in premium will be ensuring that we have fully qualified, unique and meaningful consumer positioning for these brands. Let’s turn from take home and seasonal usage and look more at impulse occasions. In the C-store class of trade, the category was up 6.7% for the 12 weeks ended December 28th, more the double the growth achieved through the first nine months of the year, up 3.1%. Total Hershey’s C-store takeaway increased for the third consecutive quarter and was up 9.4%, resulting in a share gain of 0.7 points in the convenience channel. Hershey chocolate and non-chocolate takeaway in this channel during the quarter was up 9.4% and 16.4% respectively, driven by price realization and select distribution gains. Our refreshment performance stabilized somewhat, with takeaway up 0.5% as gains in gum were partially offset by softness in mints. As a category in C-stores and FDMX, mints are underperforming the total confections category and are down about mid single digits for the quarter and double digits for the year. The core brands that we are supporting did well in C-stores, outpacing our total results. Increased retail coverage is paying off here as we emphasize our core brands on shelf at retail. Lower gas prices also appear to be having a positive effect in this channel. So for the full year 2008, in the channels measured by syndicated data, that’s FDMXC, total CMG growth was 2.6%, with Hershey retail takeaway increasing 1.8%, resulting in a market share loss of 0.2 points. Again, this is a tale of two halves, as our performance in the second half of the year far outpaced the first half. Specifically, our retail takeaway in the second half of 2008 was up 4%, resulting in a 0.3 point share gain, versus the first half of the year where we lost share points. So we exit 2008 with reasonable momentum and decent takeaway in share performance.  As we look to 2009, we’ll continue to focus on core brand growth. We’ll add advertising GRPs on Reese’s and Hershey’s to ensure continuity programming of the already-successful campaigns launched in 2008. We’ll support Hershey’s Bliss as well. And we’ll expand our approach to core brand insights behind markedly increased support of both Twizzler’s and Kisses.  I’m happy to report that our initial work on Hershey’s Kisses is complete. Packaging graphics have been updated with a more contemporary look and we’ll streamline our product offerings to focus on five core Kisses items. Last week, we began airing new copy with a significance increase in weight that will be on air for the balance of the year. We are pleased with the advertising and believe it should generate a significant increase in retail velocity. Hershey’s Kisses is also the lead brand anchoring our summer Night at the Museum promotion. In Q2, we’ll run an interactive promotion in conjunction with our sponsorship of the Night at the Museum Battle at the Smithsonian movie starring Ben Stiller.  We’ll have other targeted merchandising events throughout the year aimed at driving continuity. They include in Q1, Hershey’s March Madness, capitalizing on the NCA tournament craze where consumers collect wrappers depicting the correct region and seed numbers matching the 2009 Men’s Final Four matchup. Consumers then win a trip to the 2010 Final Four. The promotion will be featured on packs of Hershey’s, Reese’s, Kit Kat and Payday brands.  In Q3, we’ll focus on back to school and an even bigger S’mores summer promotion featuring Rascal Flatts. In Q4, we’ll add the Halloween and holiday, with the focus on the fall and holiday baking seasons, reaching consumers resurgent eating at home trends. Importantly, the first half of the year will be anchored in-store by Valentine and Easter seasonal programs.  So with continuity ad spending on Kisses, Reese’s and Hershey’s, strong seasonal programming, and a good merchandising calendar, we believe we will continue to hold our own and maintain our market share performance. Focus on core brands and our strong executional capabilities are the right formula for 2009. Consumers and customers are looking for tried and true brands and products and we are well positioned to deliver. To date, the category has proven to be resilient in these difficult economic times. This has historically been the case. Q4 activity was driven largely by Halloween and holiday programming. In Q1, Valentines and Easter are key drivers. These events were sold in prior to the August 2008 price increase. Outside of the seasons, the consumer has begun to see higher everyday prices. In C-stores, notwithstanding the expected unit declines, we have experienced good growth in dollars and overall category buoyancy. As we move through 2009, primarily after Valentine’s and Easter, consumers will see higher everyday and promotional price points across all channels. Consumer sentiment, channel shifting, and other macro factors are difficult to predict. We will make the needed investments in our core brands and capabilities to win in the market.  The pricing actions we have taken are dramatic, but they are necessary. In 2009, our commodity cost basket up markedly. When we announced our price in August of 2008, we were anticipating a $225 million increase in our commodity input costs in 2009. This has mitigated somewhat as we now anticipate the increase to be about $175 million.  However, the factors which drove commodities down also took pension plan asset values down as well. We now see higher 2009 pension expense of $70 million. And while we’ll see good local currency growth, for-ex will negatively impact our international businesses on both the top and bottom lines.  Between price realization and global supply chain savings, we believe we have taken the appropriate steps to create the affordability to invest in brands and capabilities as well as to ensure an appropriate future margin structure for our business.  Advertising will increase 20 to 25% in 2009. And, we’ll forge ahead with expansion in India, China and Brazil. We will continue to execute in the market and attempt to maintain share momentum. Overall, we expect to 2 to 3% sales growth in 2009, including the impact of foreign exchange, which we anticipate to be a major drag on our sales growth. We continue to expect earnings per share diluted from operations in 2009 to increase; however, at a rate below our long-term objective of 6 to 8% growth. This is consistent with our statements last June and throughout the balance of 2008. I’ll now turn it over to Burt, who will provide some additional financial detail.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Thanks, Dave, and good morning everyone. Net sales and earnings per share diluted from operations for the full year 2008 were at the high end of the initial ranges we communicated at the beginning of last year. Overall, we are pleased with our financial and marketplace performance in 2008 given the volatile environment in both commodity and financial markets. For the full year, we achieved our financial objectives and stabilized our marketplace performance.  Fourth quarter consolidated net sales of $1.377 billion increased 2.6% versus the prior year. EPS diluted from operations of 59 cents increased 9%, primarily due to price realization and supply chain savings. For the full year, net sales increased 3.8% and earnings per share diluted from operations were $1.88, a decline of about 10%. In the fourth quarter, sales gains were driven by net price realization, positive mix, and international growth. Offsetting these gains was a lower volume elasticity related to our 2008 pricing actions as well as about 2 ½ points due to foreign currency exchange. Dave provided details related to our marketplace performance all focused on review of the P&L and balance sheet starting with gross margin. During the fourth quarter, operating gross margin increased 370 basis points as net price realization, supply chain savings from the transformation program which were higher in Q4, lower asset disposals and the timing of favorable material price purchase variances more than offset higher commodities of about 200 basis points.  For the full year 2008, gross margin was 35.8% versus 35.5% in 2007, up 30 basis points. Pricing and productivity initiatives, inclusive of the Global Supply Chain Transformation, offset 240 basis points of unfavorable input costs.  EBIT margin increased 30 basis points in the fourth quarter, as pricing and higher gross margin more than offset higher advertising, marketing and selling expenses, employee-related costs and expenses in selected international markets.  Advertising expense was up 23% in the quarter, supporting the ongoing Hershey’s Pure and Reese’s Perfect campaigns, as well as Hershey’s Bliss and brand-building initiatives in international markets. For the year, advertising increased 26% to $161 million. Selling, marketing and admin expenses in the fourth quarter, excluding advertising increased due to higher international infrastructure investments, strategic portfolio work related to our ongoing market structure and segmentation studies, higher employee costs related to incentives and capability development, as well as hiring of executive talent to fill open positions. EBIT from operations for the year declined 11.6% with EBIT margin down 260 basis points to 15% from 17.6%. The decline was driven by higher advertising, employee-related costs, and the investment in retail coverage that began toward the end of the third quarter in 2007.  Now, let me provide a brief update of our international businesses. In 2008, we completed the integration of the (inaudible) business in India, the Lotte Hershey Manufacturing joint venture in China, including the implementation of S&P in both China and India and the JV in Brazil with Bauducco. These businesses met expectations in 2008 on a constant currency basis. On the US dollar basis, significant appreciation of the US dollar in the fourth quarter did impact our international business results. We expect foreign currency exchange rates to be a headwind in 2009, compared with the full year 2008.  We will continue to invest in our strategic international markets to increase our presence in chocolate, increase brand awareness, and further develop go to market capabilities. While these investments will not contribute to near term margin improvement, we are committed to these strategic markets to ensure the company’s continued long-term success. Moving down the P&L. For the quarter, interest expense decreased, coming in at $25 million versus $28 million in the prior period. For the year, interest expense was $98 million versus $109 million a year ago. The fourth quarter and full year both benefitted from lower short term rates on a commercial paper and improvements in working capital. In 2009, we expect interest expense to be about flat versus 2008.  The tax rate in the fourth quarter was 35.7%, down slightly versus year ago. For the full year, the tax rate was 36% as anticipated. Note that on a quarter and year to date basis, the reported tax rate is higher than the pro forma rate due to the effective tax rates applicable to the business realignment and impairment charges.  For 2009, we expect the full year tax rate to be up about 36%. However, due to the timing of certain tax events and related accounting, the quarterly tax rate will be uneven next year, particularly in the first half. As such, we estimate that the tax rate in the first quarter of 2009 will be roughly 40% and 30% in the second quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2008, weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis were approximately 228 million versus 230 million in 2007, leading to EPS of 0.59 per share diluted from operations, up 9% versus year ago.  For the year, shares outstanding were approximately 229 million versus 231 million in 2007. EPS diluted from operations for the full year was $1.88, down about 10%.  Turning the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the year, net trading capital decreased versus last year, resulting in a cash flow benefit of $66 million. Accounts receivable were down $32 million and remain extremely current and of high quality.  Year-over-year, accounts receivable sales outstanding improved by 1.5 days. Additionally, we continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging and despite current conditions in the financial markets, we have not seen an impact on our customers’ payment patterns to date.  Inventory declined by $8 million and accounts payable increased by $26 million. We expect working capital to further improve in 2009, but not by the same magnitude as we achieved in 2008.  In terms of other specific cash flow items, capital additions including software were $72 million for the quarter and $283 million for the full year. This was slightly less than our $300 million forecast for 2008 due to the timing of projects related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program.  For 2009, we are targeting total capital additions to be in the $175 to $185 million range. About $40 to $50 million of that spend is related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program.  Depreciation and amortization was $59 million in the quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program of $12 million and operating depreciation and amortization of $47 million in the quarter.  For the full year 2008, depreciation and amortization was $250 million, of which accelerated depreciation and amortization was $60 million. In 2009, we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of about $190 million, including accelerated depreciation and amortization of approximately $10 million. Dividends paid during the quarter were $66 million, bringing the full year to $263 million. We did not acquire any stock in the fourth quarter related to the current repurchase program. And there is $100 million outstanding on the current authorization that the board approved in December of 2006.  During the quarter, we did repurchase five million of our common shares on the open market and to replace shares issued in connection with employee exercises of stock options. Our goal is to repurchase all such shares.  As it relates to our short-term cash needs, the company is currently well positioned. While the credit markets are volatile, market conditions have not had an impact on Hershey’s day-to-day operations, liquidity or longer-term planning.  Our cash flow continues to be strong and will improve as the Global Supply Chain Transformation is completed. Our capital structure is on target, with three-quarters of our debt or $1.5 billion in fixed rate notes with maturities starting in 2011.  We have not encountered any difficulties in our short-term promotional paper funding and have been able to place our CP at attractive rates. Our cash balance will vary during the year due to seasonality of our business. Cash on hand at year end was $37 million, down versus a year ago as our strategy this year has been to pay down short-term debt with excess cash whenever possible. I stated in the press release the decline in the financial markets in 2008 will result in a 2009 pension expense of approximately $70 million or $0.20 per share diluted. Note that on a quarterly basis in 2009, pension expense will be about $0.05 per share diluted. This has also impacted our deferred income tax liability and other assets on the balance as of December 31, 2008.  While a decline in financial markets has impacted the value of our pension assets, as of the end of 2008 our pension plans remained well funded based on our projected obligations. As a result, minimal cash contributions of about $3 million are required in 2009. Let me know provide an update of the Global Supply Chain transformation program. Construction of Monterrey, Mexico, facility continues and about two-thirds of client manufacturing lines are installed and producing product. Progress continues essentially in line with our implementation schedule.  During December, the scope of the Global Supply Chain transformation program was expanded to modestly include the closure of two subscale manufacturing facilities of the Artisan Confections Company, a wholly owned subsidiary. Consolidation of associated production lines into US facilities along with associated and rationalization select portfolio items. The affected facilities are located in Berkeley and San Francisco, California.  This change will enable us to leverage the scale of our high quality bean to bar operation in our Robinson, Illinois, facility where the majority of (inaudible) items are currently produced. The unique technology and creative production techniques of Joseph Schmidt have been incorporated into the company’s manufacturing network and applied to other product lines.  The total cost of these actions which includes severance for approximately 150 impacted employees is expected to be $25 million and will be recorded in 2009. Ongoing annual savings from these initiatives are expected to be $5 million.  Cumulative savings from the Global Supply Chain transformation program are $81 million, in-line with our original forecast and the estimate for total ongoing initial savings by 2010 was increased by the previously mentioned $5 million and is now $175 to $195 million. During the quarter, we recorded Global Supply Chain realignment charges of $34 pre-tax including $12 million of accelerated depreciation, $5 million of project start-up, and $2 million of SM&A expenses reflecting program management costs. In addition, the company recorded non-cash impairment charges of $46 million related primarily to the Mauna Loa trademark. The total of these charges reduced earnings per share diluted by $0.23.  For the full year 2008, the company recorded one-time charges of $181 million. The majority of these charges, $135 million, are associated with the Global Supply Chain transformation and the previously mentioned $46 million impairment charge. The total of these charges reduced 2008 earnings per share by $0.52. The forecast for the total project charges related to the initial program remains the same at $550 to $575 million; although we are currently forecasting to be toward the upper end of that range. Adding the previously mentioned increase in project scope, we now estimate total pre-tax charges and non-recurring project implementation costs at the upper end of $575 to $600 million. This cost range excludes possible pension settlement charges in 2009 and 2010 as discussed in Appendix A of our press release. Total charges do include project management and start-up costs of approximately $60 million. In 2009, the company expects to record GAAP charges of about $45 to $70 million or $0.13 to $0.20 per share diluted primarily related to the Global Supply Chain transformation program excluding possible pension settlement charges.  Let me close by providing some context on our 2009 outlook. In 2009, our goal is to sustain our marketplace momentum that we achieved during the second half of 2008. This could be challenging based on the economic backdrop and consumer sentiment. Over the last few weeks the news has been full of retail sales declines across many industries including food, drug, convenience, and select mass channels. We will continue to invest in our branch and businesses in both the U.S. and international markets bringing strong programming to a (inaudible) via advertising and merchandising will help to ensure confection remains a destination category. While commodity stock prices have moderated, a broad range of ingredients are up year over year in 2008. We expect costs of our key inputs to remain volatile and above historical averages on a spot basis. Last August, we estimated that our 2009 commodity cost basket would increase by $225 million. As the year progressed, commodity costs declined somewhat reducing this projection to an increase of $175 million.  However, this decline has been more than offset by the increase in pension expense of approximately $7 million resulting from the decline in financial markets. As a result, we now estimate the 2009 cost structure will increase approximately $245 million or $0.70 per share diluted. Our business investment expenses will also be higher in 2009 to support consumer and customer merchandising programs for core brands as well as Hershey’s Bliss. Specifically advertising’s suspected to increase $30 to $35 million or about $0.08 to $0.10 per share diluted in 2009. These cost increases will be more than offset by higher net pricing, ongoing operating productivity improvements, and savings from the Global Supply Chain transformation program. As such, 2009, we expect net sales growth of 2 to 3% as pricing action as well as core market growth will be partially offset by lower volumes and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency and exchange rates. As we’ve stated since mid-year 2008, current year 2009 earnings per share diluted from operations is expected to increase; however, due to the affirmation to items, growth will be at a rate below our long-term objective of 6 to 8%.  As you work on your models, I remind you that in the first quarter, we will begin to recognize higher commodity costs but will not yet fully benefit from the incremental supply chain savings and higher pricing as we’ve honored pre-August 2008 negotiated price points on Valentine and Easter promotions. Additionally, advertising essentially much higher in the first quarter versus the year ago period as well we’re incur costs related to Kisses relaunch and Hershey’s pure campaign that begin late in the second quarter of 2008. Now, let me open it up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  Good morning, everyone. 
David J. West :  Morning, Judy.
Humberto P. Alfonso:  Morning.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  Dave, I’m wondering if you could share with us your thoughts in terms of what you observed as far as the volume price elasticity is concerned following the August 15 price increases. And I understand the promoter prices haven’t gone up but anything you can share with us and whether you feel the 2 to 3% number in 2009 as far as sales growth is concerned, maybe turning out to be a little bit more conservative.
David J. West:  I’ll give you, just give you some thoughts on what we’ve done. Yes, the price increase in August obviously we did honor previously committed prices for Halloween, holiday, as well as Valentine’s and Easter. So in the fourth quarter, I mean roughly have the volume that moves through at retail is in that holiday and Halloween.  So, we did get obviously the list price increases which was right - roughly 10% across half the business. So you can guess it’s somewhere around mid single digits in terms of price gains in the quarter.  We did start to see a dampening effect of foreign exchange as Burt said, it was about - a little bit more than two points of growth in the fourth quarter because of lost to foreign exchange. And we had the volume shift out of the fourth quarter into the third because of the timing of the pricing. So you can kind of take that mid single digit list price gain and work it down to get the math to work. With respect to elasticity, there are a couple of things that we did see through the quarter. Clearly most of the merchandise in the quarter is seasonal and in destination, we did gain considerable share in both Halloween and holiday. We’re very pleased with our execution there.  And we also a reasonably good mix shift in two different ways. One every day versus promoted volume, so we got decent trade promotion performance versus our expectation. And then also good channel mix especially with See’s stores being up. So overall, kind of too early to tell because the destination category effective of Halloween and holiday, the consumer really hasn’t seen it and they won’t see the full blown list pricing and promoted price increases until sometime after Easter. So it’s really kind of early to tell. We’re pleased with what we’ve seen so far but way, way too early and frankly, every day you read the paper, you see consumer sentiment. You see job loss. So it’s kind of early to take a read and then you know we will have the foreign exchange.  Our foreign exchange - our international business is relatively small compared to a lot of other folks but it’s still a pretty big drag for us in terms of the top line. So when we look at the two to three, clearly the elasticity effect is still a little bit of an unknown and we’re going to have the foreign exchange drag next year as well.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay and then Burt, in the fourth quarter can you walk us through the expansion of gross margin that were seen both sequentially and on a year over year basis and some of the factors that drove it and perhaps, you can quantify those factors.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Yeah, I think the right way to think about gross margin in the period was we certainly had as Dave mentioned good net price realization and certainly so you see the pricing that we got on about half of the business which he mentioned which is in our seasonal as well as some better performance on the trade line. And that gave us good expansion. We also had mentioned during the year that our supply chain savings were certainly more fourth quarter oriented and that’s just a sequence of the way our plants were closing and the fixed cost benefit that we were getting. So we did see in the fourth quarter as we anticipated that we would good supply chain performance in that quarter. And I would say that those were the - there were some offsets but those were the bigger drivers to a strong margin in that quarter.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
David J. West: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Janney, Montgomery, Scott, LLC.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney, Montgomery, Scott, LLC: Good morning, guys.
David J. West: Good morning.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney, Montgomery, Scott, LLC: You guys congratulations. Dave, could I dig in a little bit more on the premium segment? Particularly Bliss but you mentioned Bliss and Starbucks. You mentioned some of the slowdown.  Could you talk a little bit more in a more granular way about what the retailers are telling you about the outlook for premium chocolate, what your outlook is and just also how much of the increase in advertising would you say has been geared towards those sort of premium products in the context of your — the expansion, I think 35 to 50 you talked about for ’09.
David J. West: Sure, let me just talk a little bit. I think essentially the consumer sentiment has shifted in such a way that in categories where the consumer can actually trade out of the category, they’ve traded out. So durables, appliances, some of those categories that consumers traded out. In food we obviously, we won’t see a trade out as consumers will continue to eat. So we have seen though is somewhat of a trade down. So though we’ve kind of thought of the market in three kind of tiers or layers if you will; premium, trade up, and then kind of the core every day. And Bliss, Hershey’s Bliss is in that trade up kind of segment of the market and Starbucks, Sharperberg (ph ), and (inaudible) for us are more up in the premium. We saw a significant slowdown in both premium and trade up and it shift more down toward every day in the fourth quarter to the point where both the premium and the trade up segments were pretty much flat for the fourth quarter which is a significant slowdown versus historical growth rates.  Most of that we saw was more in gifting and novelty, so the packaged chocolate components of trade up particularly where Hershey’s Bliss is playing actually grew pretty nicely in the quarter but it was more than offset by declines in gifting. Within premium, I mean the premium growth rates have been pretty high the last couple of years and we saw that even through the first part of this year. I said for the full year premium growth, the segment growth was 9% but for the fourth quarter it was basically flat. So you can see a deceleration there. And what I think you’re seeing there again is consumers are really trading kind of down out of premium to trade up or out of trade up into every day.  And so I think what you saw mostly in the fourth quarter is the destination effect of holiday and Halloween as well. So consumers are making sure they’re making those purchases. So I think essentially what we’ll see in the category next year is the - I think a little bit of space at retail will shift out of premium trade up as those parts slow down and are less productive. And they’ll move back into things that are every day. As we mentioned on the third quarter call, we’re relatively well-positioned in the category for that kind of a shift because of the strength of our core brands. And we did see some of that happening in the fourth quarter and we’ll think we’ll see it through the beginning of 2009 as well.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney, Montgomery, Scott, LLC: And just on the ad spending, Dave, how much of the sort of increase would you say would be represented by those trade up and premium, you have this pretty big commitments to things like the launch of Bliss you’ve made behind those products, spending versus core?
David J. West: We did spend on both Bliss and Starbucks much more so on Bliss than on Starbucks. The Starbucks advertising was very targeted and over a shorter period of time. And I’m not going to give you exact numbers but Bliss, we made a significant increase enough to get to continuity levels of coverage and we will continue to do that in 2009. We very much believe in the trade up part of the category, consumers will continue to kind of treat themselves and reward themselves in that space.  The economy will come back someday. I hope you have a better projection than I do but in fact, when that comes back we’ll see premium and trade up continue to be part of - even in today’s market what consumers are buying but we want to be well-positioned as the economy comes back and people start to trade back up.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney, Montgomery, Scott, LLC: Thanks, Dave. And just one question for Burt, when you look at the Global Supply Chain transformation specifically the Monterrey plant. As I understand, weakness in the peso should actually help your outlook for those cost saves going forward. I mean is that the case and is there any way you could quantify that?
Humberto P. Alfonso: There’s some benefit from that. I would tell you that it’s mostly on the labor side but it is a dollar functional entity because it’s a Makeela (ph), operates on the Makeela regulations. 
Jonathan Feeney - Janney, Montgomery, Scott, LLC: Oh, okay.
Humberto P. Alfonso: And so it’s not the same as a fully Mexico operation as you might think. So there are some but not what you’re thinking.
Jonathan Feeney - Janney, Montgomery, Scott, LLC: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Morning everybody.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Hi, Eric, how are you?
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I guess my first question, Dave, has to do with your comment about the category being up. I guess that’s in dollar terms given all the pricing that’s going on but I’m a little bit concerned with volume. It seems if volume was down this quarter that it’s been about, by my count, six or seven quarters now where volume has been down and yet, your advertising is up significantly. So can you just kind of talk about how we should think about that trade off and what that kind of means for a capacity utilization and the restructuring?
David J. West: Yes, I think that - I mean that’s a fair question in terms of the unit versus the dollar trade off. I mean when you take price increases and you look at the elasticity models, we would expect to see some unit declines. That’s how we’ve thought about it. That’s how we’ve planned it.  I think what you need to continue to look at for us in the quarters leading up to the fourth quarter here. We have seen good core brand momentum in dollars and reasonably good volumes on some of those core brands. So that focus on the core is clearly paying off for us.  We are certainly more efficient and profitable by getting that core to work harder for us. And we think that that strategy is still working out. And we’ve got some things that are still kind of in the tail of our portfolio that are declining. I mean we’ve seen a decline in mints. We’ve seen a decline in some of the - kind of second and third tier brands on a unit basis. So, I think the volume story’s a little bit more of a tale. There’s two parts to the portfolio. The core has held up reasonably well from a volume standpoint up until obviously the fourth quarter here and then the tale’s probably off a little bit more from a volume basis. And with respect to what we saw in the fourth quarter, that trade off of units and dollars, it’s early to tell but given the costs and the cost increases over the last two or three years, we really believe that the pricing is necessary and appropriate.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Do you have any indication as to whether competition is going to follow the increase in the promoted price post Valentine’s or Easter?
David J. West: Eric, I can’t speak to what every - anybody else’s programming is. We have had our conversations with customers and done what’s right for our business and our cost structure. And from my standpoint, we’ll be appropriately priced to build the right model. It remains to be seen when we get there, how retailers and consumers react to those price points. And I don’t have anything specific to give you on those price points coming out of Easter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay and Burt, last question on the cash cost of the restructuring plus the minimal cash contribution from pension in ’09. What will that be?
Humberto P. Alfonso: In terms of the pension, I mentioned the full expense is $70 million. And as we go through the pension obligation projections, what we anticipate making in cash contributions is quite minimal. It’s in the - around $3 million which is the number that we were pretty confident in. So there’s not a lot of cash contribution requirements in terms of our funded plans. On the Global Supply Chain side, we’re - I had mentioned that the expenses in the coming year are actually down quite a bit as you would expect because we’re down to our last couple of plant closings and a lot of the prior costs have been accrued. So I think I put the number out there somewhere between 45 and 70 and no more than about half of those would be cash related.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: So you’re going to generate maybe a buck, I guess depending upon where earnings coming out like a $1.70 plus of cash flow per share pre dividend. It would seem.
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, we’re not - right now we’re still crushing through exactly our cash model and finalizing the balance sheet so we’re really not providing that type of guidance.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I’ll pass on. Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Thank you, good morning everyone.
David J. West: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Well, congratulations on a nice ended year and regaining some momentum in the brand. Dave, I’d like to talk to you a little bit about the advertising spending. First, the $30 to $35 million, again you sort of eluded to this in your prepared remark but can you just talk a little bit about where this incremental money will be focused?
David J. West: Sure, I think David a couple of points I’d make in terms of what we saw actually in the latter part of 2008 is going to carry forward and be true in 2009. It’s become a little bit more efficient to buy media in the latter part of ’08 and into ’09. So when we looked forward to ’09, the Hershey’s Pure Campaign that we began running about middle of year last year will be continuity advertising all year. We just started Kisses advertising. I hope you’ve seen the commercial, then started running it last week and that’ll run for the balance of the year. We’ll continue to have continuity on Reese’s and similar levels on Hershey’s Pure. We’re also looking at adding GRPs on Twizzlers and a few other places. Essentially the good news about efficiency both because of continuity and marketplace efficiency, the GRP increase is much, much higher than the actual increase in the rate of the advertising and that’s where we’ll be putting it this year.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: When we focused in on Kisses, when I look our Nielsen Data Food Drug and Mass Channels, Kisses for the latest 52 weeks is down just shy of 15%. Would you say that that number is - because again that’s packaged candy so it’s more — I generally think that our data is accurate. Number one, is that about right to what you’ve seen in 2008? And then number two, talk about how you’re going to fix that franchise in 2009 and will we see strong growth here or is it the expectation just to arrest the decline?
David J. West: Well, let me try and unpack that question and I think take it in two or three different chunks. The first is about your data and not your data but the data in general. We use a custom database both from IRI and Nielsen and it does tend to differ a little bit from what you guys have in terms of growth rate and some of the segment growth rates but let’s just say it’s directional correct for sake of argument but it’s not exactly to what our data would be.  The decline you saw in Kisses, as we said, we watched that and we’re working on that throughout the year. We’re not pleased with it. It moderated some in the fourth quarter and we think that we have part of what we went through last year was a rationalization of some of the items we had proliferated into too many flavors and skus. So some of what you saw was just the slowdown and a discontinuation over time of the tale, if you will of the Kisses portfolio. As you think about 2009, we’ve got new graphics on shelf. We got a much better representation of the core, strong items on shelf and the advertising to back it up. We’ll also - Kisses will anchor our second quarter promotion at The Night At The Museum promotion. So we have, I think, some pretty good news around Kisses for the year. I think the challenge for modeling right now is obviously the whole question of the consumer has yet to see increase promoted prices on the packaged candy line. They won’t see that till post-Easter. So projecting forward, we feel that we can erect that decline in terms of dollars as we head into 2009 and that’s probably where I’d leave it.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Okay, one final question. Burt, can you just talk to us about how the quarterly pattern might evolve for the commodity cost; i.e., is the commodity increases - are they substantially weighted to the first half of the year and thus we would see an easing of commodities in the back half?
Humberto P. Alfonso: Well, I think after you take a look at the commodities they’re pretty evenly spread across. What’s different, in terms of how the margins will evolve, I suppose, is more related to the way our savings - again continue to be a bit more back-end oriented, I mentioned that advertising will certainly be higher early in the year specifically in Q1. I talked about the tax rate especially in the first half being a bit uneven but from a commodity perspective, there’s not a huge fluctuation across the quarters.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Great, thanks a lot everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Growe with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: I just wanted to verify in relation to some data you gave earlier. I think, Dave, you were talking about roughly 5% pricing in the quarter but that, I think, would be just related to the August price increase. There was still some pricing coming through from the January price increase as well, right?
David J. West: I think the two increases during the year. If you’ll recall, the first increase was only on the standard bar component of the portfolio. It was not a full line pricing. So there’s a little bit of that that would’ve come through obviously in the fourth quarter but only on a smaller part of the portfolio and as you look at the way the components of the fourth quarter are it’s a much more packaged candy seasonally driven quarter versus the inconsistent consumable part of the business.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: So in terms - you haven’t given a good sales breakdown. I mean pricing was up. It sounds like a little bit over 5%. Volumes sound like they were actually not down as much as I thought they would be kind of flattish. Is that the right number to use?
David J. West: Well, I think if you think mid single digits from pricing. And then we had foreign exchange as a drag. I talked about that being a couple point drag and then the two points of shift
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Right.
David J. West: You move to Q3 and then clearly what I would say is we had reasonably good holiday performance in the quarter and that holiday volume probably offset some of the elasticity volume losses. So if you kind of balance those two things together, the volume performance overall was not too bad in the quarter but I think it’s holiday offsetting some of the elasticity from the price increase.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and then I just - one other question on sales. And that is just that you reported 2.5% and 2.6% increase in sales. You had the buy-in knock a couple of points off that but you also had negative foreign exchange and your retail ticker was up 5%. So was there - surprisingly I guess it looks like the retail inventory increase in the quarter given the way your sales performance was relative to take away?
David J. West: No, I think that that’s actually - if you normalize the 2.6% takeaway and you take out the international and the foreign exchange, etc. shipments were very much in-line with takeaway. And our inventories out at retail I think are in really good shape right now.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then I just wandered in relation to the See store trends picking up. Would you attribute that to lower gas prices or was is - and I know you have some promotions and some programs there as well but would gas, lower gas prices be what you consider maybe the main driver of those sales?
David J. West: It’s kind of hard to tease out lower gas. I think one of the things that we’re most pleased about is retail coverage. If you remember we put retail coverage, we started a little bit later in the latter part of last year but really got it going in the first part of 2008 and the retail coverage really seems to be working. We’ve got good ACV gains on the core items out there. Clearly, gas prices have to be helping. The decline in gas prices have to be helping traffic in and out of the store. Historically there was a point at which we didn’t see a lot of correlation between the gas prices and store traffic. We crossed the threshold obviously at some point and time when gas prices just kept skyrocketing where we did see an impact to the consumer. And now obviously, the same has to be true on the way down. So I think the good news is that the consumer is actually in the store more and buying, so that has be helping us. And we’ll look for the correlation going forward, but with the volatility it’s kind of hard to find the correlation just yet.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  Sure. And Bert, can you give like a cost inflation, a rough cost inflation figure for the quarter? Like the incremental increase year-over-year?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  In terms of Q4? 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, Q4 input cost inflation. Whatever dollar amount that is, or however you want to give it. 
David J. West :  It was about 200 basis points, Chris. 
Humberto P. Alfonso:  Yeah, 200 basis points. The only thing I would mention, which I didn’t mention in the past that certainly some of our costs were up as I mentioned, because we are up year-over-year. The one exception to that was dairy and I think we have mentioned that in the past, which is not as high as it was in 2007.  
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Sure, okay. Thanks a lot. 
Humberto P. Alfonso :  And obviously we don’t hedge dairy.  
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Absolutely. Thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow, with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow -:  Just following up on that last comment that you just said; is in terms of the reduction of your commodity cost basket going down from 250 or 225 to 175, was it largely because of the dairy costs coming down and that is unhedgable and that’s kind of what had happened? Is that a fair assessment?
BMO Capital Markets:  Just following up on that last comment that you just said; is in terms of the reduction of your commodity cost basket going down from 250 or 225 to 175, was it largely because of the dairy costs coming down and that is unhedgable and that’s kind of what had happened? Is that a fair assessment?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Well I think that’s one way of thinking about it, yes. If you look at the rest of the inputs in the basket, about the only two commodities that haven’t seen any kind of moderation are cocoa and sugar. Nuts haven’t been particularly as friendly either. So, dairy is one way of looking at it, but fuel came down and so we had started to take a position to get visibility.  First and foremost for us, if you think about what we think about in commodities, one, it’s certainty of supply. And then once you get the certainty of supply, it’s the visibility to understand what it’s really going to cost you on a forward basis so you can plan the business and make necessary pricing decisions.   And then the third component to that is, once you have got those two done, you’d like to beat the market. We think actually in 2008, and as we head to 2009, we did all three of those things, but clearly cocoa and sugar have not come back, so dairy has come back to a certain extent and we think we’ve done a pretty good job across all of them in terms of our performance versus the market.  But as you look at that change, unfortunately pension expense goes the other way with respect to what’s happened in the fourth quarter and kind of offsets that favorability in commodities.
Ken Zaslow -:  But the dairy is the main one that you can’t hedge? Like you can hedge full and then as you said, you were looking for certainty, that’s the only reason I thought that maybe that was reason for the major decline.
BMO Capital Markets:  But the dairy is the main one that you can’t hedge? Like you can hedge full and then as you said, you were looking for certainty, that’s the only reason I thought that maybe that was reason for the major decline.
Humberto P. Alfonso :  But they’re not hedging dairy, that is true.
Ken Zaslow -:  And then, in terms of just the tax, make sure I understand, you said 40%, 30%, and then what’d you say for the third and fourth quarter?
BMO Capital Markets:  And then, in terms of just the tax, make sure I understand, you said 40%, 30%, and then what’d you say for the third and fourth quarter?
David J. West :  I didn’t mention anything about a fourth quarter, I did mention that we expect the rate on an annual basis to be about the same, 36% as we came in 2008. I tried to get a little bit more color on the first half, because it is a wider range than typically across the quarters. 
Ken Zaslow -:  Okay. And then the other question is: just going back to the sales growth, if you were excluding foreign currency, what would you think the sales growth would be in 2009? 
BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. And then the other question is: just going back to the sales growth, if you were excluding foreign currency, what would you think the sales growth would be in 2009? 
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Yeah, we didn’t really give anything specific, but if you look at the trend in the fourth quarter, it cost a couple of points. We’re a little bit more heavily loaded in terms of the skew of the seasonality of international sales. But we’ve already kind of taken that in the fourth quarter, so we still have three more quarters to go of something that cost us two to two and a half points in the fourth quarter. So you can kind of figure it’s costing us close to a couple of points, a point to two. 
Ken Zaslow -:  So implicitly, you are actually raising your internal sales growth, relative to what you thought last quarter. Is that a fair assumption? 
BMO Capital Markets:  So implicitly, you are actually raising your internal sales growth, relative to what you thought last quarter. Is that a fair assumption? 
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Well, if you think about where we’re headed in 2009 and what we’ve gone through in 2008. We kind of set long-term goals of three to four on the top and six to eight on the bottom back in June. But we said at that time that we would be less than six to eight, but growing earnings this year. When we talked about the price increase in August, we went from the three to four down to two to three. Or three to five, I’m sorry, down to two to three.  As we’ve managed through the year, there’s been an awful lot of puts-and-takes, we’re actually kind of pleased that we’ve been able to figure our way through the puts-and-takes and been able to hold the two to three despite the foreign exchange. So, I think what you can read into that is that there may be a little bit more strength in the underlying U.S. business coming out of the fourth quarter than we would have anticipated last June. 
Ken Zaslow -:   That’s what I was getting at. And is part of that strength, is that because - you mentioned it, but it didn’t seem you like kind of hit home on this, is that added the retailer-ship away from the hiring chocolates to the core brands, which again it’s still your concentration that you get to pick up shares, would that be part of it as well? 
BMO Capital Markets:   That’s what I was getting at. And is part of that strength, is that because - you mentioned it, but it didn’t seem you like kind of hit home on this, is that added the retailer-ship away from the hiring chocolates to the core brands, which again it’s still your concentration that you get to pick up shares, would that be part of it as well? 
David J. West :  I think it’s a number of factors, I think it’s clearly in advertising it’s increased merchandising effectiveness. Those two things are key drivers for us. And then I do think that there’s a favorable movement within the category. But listen, we’ve got a lot of stuff in premium and trade-up other than Hershey’s listed that are feeling the same effects of consumers trading down.    But the good news is, in this kind of economy, both customers and consumers want to make sure that they’re buying something that they know they’re going to get value for and that they know. If they’re going to spend money, they’re going to spend on something that’s tried-and-true.  We’ve fit the bill there, so there’s a little bit of that as well, I think it’s a combination of good brand support, really good merchandising, and then just some of the dynamics out there in terms of channel shifting and the way the consumers are spending.
Ken Zaslow -:  Great, thank you very much.
BMO Capital Markets:  Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow, with Credit Suisse. 
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston:  Hi thanks. A couple of questions; one is on the cash flow, I mean your forecasting a big decline in CapEx in ’09. You haven’t told us what cash flow was in ’08, but should we expect some kind of a step-up in ’09? Secondly, what are you going to do with that cash? You used to have some pretty big share repurchase programs, can you update us on whether that is still in the equation or whether that reduction is the focus?  And then lastly, can you talk a little bit about just the category for chocolate in general? Do you find that it’s a relatively rational category today? I know it’s always highly competitive, but you feel like the steps that you’re taking on pricing are pretty well-matched by everyone else and do you think there’s a chance here that everyone can hold pricing, even as commodities perhaps decline?  
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Let me take a shot at the cash flow and sort of turn it over Dave on the pricing. You’re correct, we did talk about a sizable decline in capital expenditure in that $100 million range. We also talked about some pretty big declines in our depreciation numbers to some extent, because a large component of accelerated depreciation from the supply chain transformation becomes much smaller in ’09.  So, while that’s a non-cash item versus a cash item, in terms of the way the cash flow works, they’re somewhat offsetting. And there are other moving parts in terms of how the pensions, liabilities, and the deferred taxes work.  So, again we’re not giving guidance per say, we do think we have a strong cash flow, and we expect it to be strong again in ’09. With respect to the savings and the things that come from the cash flow from the transformation program, we think of those more in terms of how we manage the cost structure. 
David J. West :  I think Rob, with respect to the category, it’s trust - we need to do what’s right for our business and cost structure, and we’ve done that. I mean it’s a fairly dramatic price increase, and until we really get out in the middle of next year and see what - the biggest factor for me is really the consumer dynamic and how the consumer reacts to seeing higher promoted pricing points and higher list prices. And at this point in time, it’s uncertain as to what other folks are doing out there, with respect to their business and we have to do what’s right for ours for the long-term. So, that’s what we think we’ve done. In this environment, your question about cash flow is the same. There’s enough uncertainty out there in terms of financial markets, et cetera. We are a good generator of cash; historically we might have been more active in share buy-backs, we weren’t particularly active in 2008.  We like the credit rating that we have frankly, and the access that we’re getting to financial markets and that’s something that we’re going to kind of hold on to, to the best of our abilities as we get into the early part of ’09.
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston:  Okay. Did you say that it’s uncertain how the consumer is going to behave? Or did you say it’s uncertain how your competition’s going to behave?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Clearly, it’s uncertain how the consumer’s going to behave and realistically, we’ve set promoted price points, we agreed to them a long time ago, out through Easter. When we get out beyond that, we know what our business plan is and what our business model is and we’re going to execute against that. And again, it remains to be seen what happens in the marketplace. In this environment, April and May are an awful long time away.
Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse First Boston:  Thank you both. 
Operator:  Your next question come from the line of Terry Bivens, from JP Morgan. 
Terry Bivens :  Good morning, everyone. I don’t want to get into dueling data here, but I have to say our Nielson numbers when you include the Wal-Mart panel data, which is usually pretty accurate. We’re looking at sales growth of about a half a percent for the period that equates to your fourth quarter, which is a long way from 5%. And I know there’s - it doesn’t include C-stores, but C-stores is not that huge in element. So I guess my question is, what am I missing there? What would you think accounts for the difference?
J.P. Morgan Securities:  Good morning, everyone. I don’t want to get into dueling data here, but I have to say our Nielson numbers when you include the Wal-Mart panel data, which is usually pretty accurate. We’re looking at sales growth of about a half a percent for the period that equates to your fourth quarter, which is a long way from 5%. And I know there’s - it doesn’t include C-stores, but C-stores is not that huge in element. So I guess my question is, what am I missing there? What would you think accounts for the difference?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Terry, I honestly couldn’t tell you. You’re using Wal-Mart panel data, when I do (inaudible) CW, I’m using actual Wal-Mart retail Inc data. We have consumer takeaway in convenience stores at plus 9%. This is the data set we’ve used for the last however many years, so there’s no surprise here for us in terms of what we’re looking at.  I think we’re saying five-two for Hershey, obviously we gained share, so the category growth rate is a bit lower than that. But we always talk FDMXC, we don’t do FDMXCW, we only get our data, we don’t get the competitive data at Wal-Mart, so I can’t give you a category at Wal-Mart, I can only give you our data.   So, we can talk a little bit internally here, if there’s a discrepancy, but you might want to call Mark and just kind of work through some of the sub-components, but this is the dataset we’ve always used and as I said, it pretty much matches our shipments and internally is what we’re seeing.
Terry Bivens :  Alright, well I’ll try to resolve that offline. I guess the other thing I wanted to ask you about is, if you look at the way Bliss has behaved, there’s some evidence out there to suggest the velocities maybe aren’t quite what you’d hope for, despite some pretty strong spending behind them.  And I’m just wondering, have over the last couple of quarters, have you kind of shifted strategy in the sense that maybe there’s going to be less emphasis on innovation like Bliss and Starbucks, and maybe kind of going back to much more support behind the core brands? Has that been a change?
J.P. Morgan Securities:  Alright, well I’ll try to resolve that offline. I guess the other thing I wanted to ask you about is, if you look at the way Bliss has behaved, there’s some evidence out there to suggest the velocities maybe aren’t quite what you’d hope for, despite some pretty strong spending behind them.  And I’m just wondering, have over the last couple of quarters, have you kind of shifted strategy in the sense that maybe there’s going to be less emphasis on innovation like Bliss and Starbucks, and maybe kind of going back to much more support behind the core brands? Has that been a change?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  I don’t think it’s a shift in strategy, I will tell you that with respect to innovation, in today’s marketplace, selling something that is pretty much proven into customers and then having consumers spend against it, it seems to be the right formula.  Bliss is a good example of how we’re thinking about innovation. Very thoughtful, a product that delivers to consumers, a targeted incrementally versus what we would have done in the past, and then certainly supported well. As we’ve done internally, we’ve certainly have set a higher bar for ourselves with respect to innovation. What we’ve put into the marketplace, we wanted to be certainly more certain that’s incremental, and that we support it appropriately and that it delivers, with respect to our consumer segmentation work that we did last year, that it delivers either to a new set of consumers or a new benefit.  And so, as we come to market with innovation, we’re going to make sure that it’s bigger and certainly more incremental, so we are holding ourselves to a higher standard, and what we found, frankly is the responsiveness of the core brand is so good to what we’ve done so far, that in this marketplace it seems to be the right thing. So, I’m not sure I would call it an overt shift in strategy, but it is as we look at the way we’ve done innovation and are filling our pipeline a little differently, we’ve decided to go at the core a little harder and it’s so far paid out.
Terry Bivens :  Okay, thanks very much.
J.P. Morgan Securities:  Okay, thanks very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Vigil Leech, with TIAA-CREF.
Virgil Leech - TIAA-CREF : Maybe you said this but I missed it, when you look at your 2 to 3% sales growth forecast for this year, how does that break down between currency pricing and volume
David J. West :  We didn’t say it, we talked a little bit about the two to the three and then that we would grow - we would certainly see growth in our international businesses on a local currency basis. 
Virgil Leech - TIAA-CREF :  Wait a minute, just give me the specific numbers, please. It’s not a complicated question, you guys have danced around it quite a bit. 
Humberto P. Alfonso :  We’re not going to give the - we’re going - as I said, we expect to see somewhere approximating a couple of points to drag on foreign exchange and with respect to underlying volume in pricing, we haven’t given that. As we continue to watch where the consumer’s going with respect to the price increase. 
Virgil Leech - TIAA-CREF :   Well, how can you give out such a specific sales forecast if you don’t know the components?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  We know the components of we’re anticipating, but as we’re modeling through the pricing and the price elasticity, frankly that’s something that I’d rather not share that broadly, for competitive reasons, we have our own model. And if I start to share those models, I think that that might put me at a disadvantage of how we think about the category.
Virgil Leech - TIAA-CREF : But you are assuming volume will be down this year?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Yes, because if you look at the list price increase, that would imply volume is down.
Virgil Leech - TIAA-CREF : Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ed Roche, with Salile Securities.
Ed Roche - Salile Securities:  I had a question on the fourth quarter costs. So I think the last time you mentioned the cost inflation number for ’08, it was $110 million, that was after the third quarter. So that would have implied a pretty big number in the fourth quarter like $48 million increase and it came in around $18 million.  Now, that’s if I follow your numbers correctly here, but did you really see that much favorability during the quarter?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Actually, I’m not following your particular calculation you’re suggesting that about half of the inflation came in Q4. That doesn’t line up with what we’re experiencing. The other part of your statement fully agree with in terms of the savings coming from the transformation program, we’ve been pretty consistent all year, last year, that there would be a much heavier component of that savings in Q4. Just the way the phasing of the plan closings and the much lower fixed costs that we experienced in Q4. So, $100 million or so is correct, but perhaps you can call Mark and chat offline. 
David J. West : Yeah, I can go through the quarters for the year-end with you after the call and we can marry that up. 
Ed Roche - Salile Securities:  Okay. Alright thanks. And then one follow up here. I was just noticing those trends where your numbers - your takeaway numbers excluding Wal-Mart - well, I should say it this way, the ones including Wal-Mart have been outperforming the ones that exclude Wal-Mart pretty consistently and year-to-date I think the average was three and half up through the first three quarters, versus two for the excluding Wal-Mart. Suggesting that you’re doing better at Wal-Mart.  And then, in the fourth quarter, they’re right on top of each other at a 5.2% increase for both data sets. Is there anything that we should read from that? Is there any kind of change in trend that that would signal?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  No, I think what we did talk about was the acceleration in convenience stores clearly. And then the reality of it is in food stores, we had a particularly good seasonal period. So we picked up in retail coverage both in convenience and food, and we started to see better results there. 
Ed Roche - Salile Securities:  Okay, terrific. Thank you. 
Operator: 
, :
Andrew Lazar - Barclay's Capital: Good morning. Just a quick one. In the fourth quarter, for your everyday business, you know that saw more of a full brunt of that 10% of price increase in the quarter, is there any way to get a sense of kind of how the volume on that everyday business, forgetting about the seasonal piece sort of behaved in relation to more of the full pricing?
David J. West : 
Andrew Lazar - Barclay's Capital : Alright, at least from an early perspective on the everyday piece, it wasn’t like volume all of a sudden, really started to sort of fall of a cliff, if you will. It seemed it was within the expectations or better than at least early days you’ve set out for yourself. 
David J. West :  Yeah, I think that’s a fair characterization.
Andrew Lazar - Barclay's Capital: Okay. And then just last one. Bert, in terms of - you’ve laid out the incremental productivity saves you’re expecting from the restructuring, how do I think about what you considered and you mentioned this earlier in your comments, kind of how to think about the incremental saves that come from your ongoing productivity plans?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Yeah, that’s a good point. We do have a pretty active, ongoing productivity program. A lot of it is related to supply chain, but it also focuses on G&A areas. And there’ll be a little bit more of that in the back three quarters, but I would say that that’s more even, certainly than the specific supply chain transformation savings. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclay's Capital: And is there a rule of thumb around how to quantify that? Some companies say hey it’s 2% of cost-to-goods incremental each year or -?
Humberto P. Alfonso :  I think the way we try to think about it is we certainly try to look at what the inflationary trends are, across the business and in our objectives to try to cover all or as much of that as possible.
Andrew Lazar - Barclay's Capital: Between the two? Between the ongoing, obviously, and the inflation? 
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Yes. 
Andrew Lazar - Barclay's Capital: Okay, thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Dreyer, with Dobell and Company.
Kevin Dreyer - Dobell and Company:  Hi, good morning. Curious, since the closing of the Wrigley-Mars deal, have you seen any change in the marketplace, whether in pricing or your ability to get shelf space? And are you at any sort of a competitive disadvantage due to your lack of scale and gum? 
David J. West :  To be clear, we have had lack of scale in gum before Mars and Wrigley came together, so I’m not sure that’s that changed any. To this point, obviously that’s a big integration and there in the early days at APCO, we haven’t seen a whole lot of changes in the marketplace, clearly it’s something we take very seriously.  I mentioned in the fourth quarter, us starting to spend - and I think Bert mentioned it against some category work and customer and consumer work that we think that we need to be fairly aggressive on in terms of making sure that we continue to maintain the thought leadership with our customers.  We are the category captain, pretty much most places; we have proprietary models. We still lead in the seasonal business, we still lead in the isle and we’ll continue to want to be the thought leader in the category, and we’re going to do what we think we have to do to preserve that. But beyond that, I would say in early days of - but while we’re extremely diligent, we haven’t seen a lot of changes yet.
Kevin Dreyer - Dobell and Company:  Right, and just if the industry continues to consolidate further, it’s that something you’re looking to participate in?
David J. West :  Not going to comment on M&A or industry consolidation or any of those kind of rumor speculation, that’s just not what we engage in.
Kevin Dreyer - Dobell and Company:  Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews, with Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. We wanted to just kind of get some detail on the pension expense calculation. We had given it a shot ourselves and came up with a much lower number. So if you have any kind of data points that you could give on that, otherwise you probably want to take it offline with Mark as well, given the lateness of the hour. 
Humberto P. Alfonso :  No, to be honest I think it’s a pretty straightforward accounting calculation in terms of the pension obligations. The big changes in the year, I think I mentioned them, certainly our pensions assets declined. Sort of inline with where the market declines, where in fact I think we did slightly better.  But it’s nonetheless a large decline. And taken into account that that asset base that we start the year with and the new curve for pension obligation payment discounts, we do the calculation. Obviously it has a big implication how funded the plans are.  In terms of whether there is or isn’t a cash requirement, but the calculation is pretty straightforward, depending on how the assets perform and what that discount rate changes. 
David J. West :  Yeah, if you track back last year’s - it’s pretty explicit in the footnotes in the 10K. And if you track back from the asset values from last year and make an assumption about what market loss was and then amortize that loss through the B&L you can kind of get to the answer fairly quickly. And the discount rates change as well. So we actually obviously, we’re pretty clear about how we disclose that as required in the 10K. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But I think we did all this, so maybe I’ll just follow up with Mark to see what we did wrong. Unless - you just said you changed your discount rate? Can you tell me what -?
David J. West :  Well, the discount rate does change and that’s really just the market rate changes. We used the Citibank pension discount rate, it’s pretty widely used. And the only implication for that is with your amortization period is, and that has a lot to with your population. So we’ll send you back to Mark for details if you need them.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman, with Deutsche Bank. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Taking the follow up, Dave I guess you were very respected when you were the CFO and you were kind of proving yourself as the CEO. But going back to your CFO days, it looks like you’re going to be generating a fair amount of cash, I assume that your cost of capital as you calculate it is probably relatively low.  So, when you do like a DCF model, I guess I’m not really sure what it would imply, but you’re not repurchasing stock, even though you have a fair amount of cash coming in. But your multiple on consensus earnings is 50% above the group, so kind of how should we think about your cost-to-capital and what is the right use of the cash that you’re going to be generating? 
David J. West :  See clearly, this is a board level topic and we discussed it pretty much continuously at the board. We’re in unchartered financial waters, and right now, Eric as I said earlier on the call, I think it’s really important for us to maintain access to capital in the markets. And the rating that we have today is important to us and it gets us A1P1 access to paper, and at reasonably good rates.  And we think that that’s an important thing. We’ve also had a fairly significant outflow with respect to the global supply chain transformation over the last couple of years here and we’re winding that down. So, I think this is kind of unprecedented times, so we have made the choice to be fairly conservative right now with our cash and make sure that we keep that credit rating where it is and keep liquidity first and foremost. And hopefully the markets will ease out here in 2009 and we’ll continue to then have that conversation at the board level about does it return to shareholders, is it dividend, clearly is it in both on M&A.  All of those things are things that we are constantly looking at. But in today’s market, I think keeping the liquidity and the rating is pretty important.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Well thanks for taking the follow up, but so I guess if the credit markets remain semi-frozen, we should just basically assume kind of a cash build on the books? Beyond obviously the need to fund a dividend. 
David J. West :  I think as I said, that we’re very conscious of the liquidity need of the business and hopefully we see a thawing here sooner rather than later. But so for the short-term I would say it’s important for us to keep the rating and leave it at that.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Okay, thanks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Russo, with Gartner Russo Gartner.
Thomas Russo - Gartner Russo Gartner:  Hi. I have a question on the plant closures on the west coast. I recall the numbers you mentioned, may have been $75 million of cost to do so and $5 million of savings from this effort. Are those first of all, the right numbers and secondly what kind of return on investment for those charges does that represent? 
David J. West :  No, let me just clarify. The cost I mentioned was $25 million versus the 75. And you’re correct on the $5 million of annual savings. 
Thomas Russo - Gartner Russo Gartner:  Excellent. And then within the experience from the pension performance over the past year; have you done anything to reposition the pension fund or to reallocate or change the balance of assets? 
Humberto P. Alfonso :  The pension plan assets are managed within our pension committee internally. We have some advice from different advisors. We’re pretty happy with the allocation that we have and obviously as the numbers change, we are conscious of reallocating the assets back to the percentages that we want against the different investment classes. 
Thomas Russo - Gartner Russo Gartner:  Thank you. And this is the last question; on the commercial paper side, you mentioned that today the markets are treating you reasonably well. I’m just curious over the past six months, how extreme did your exposures get? What sort of pricing did you experience at some point? And what was the maximum stress of that? 
Humberto P. Alfonso :  Yeah, we’re not going to comment on specific costs of commercial paper. The only thing I would say is that we have reduced the level of commercial paper and we did that last year as we floated a long-term bond offering last January or February.  So we have reduced our exposure there, we’ve not had difficulty placing the paper, so knock on wood there. Suffice to say that the reduction in commercial paper was some of the way that we tried to manage just the difficulty of placing that paper. But we’ve not had any issues and our rating is helping us do that.
Thomas Russo - Gartner Russo Gartner:  Thank you very much. 
Operator:  At this time, there are no further questions.
David J. West :  Okay well, thank you for joining us today on the conference call. And Mark and Bert and myself will be available for any follow up questions that you may have. Thanks again. 
Operator:  This concludes today’s Hershey’s Company fourth quarter 2008 results conference call.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mark Pogharian - Director, Investor Relations David West - President and Chief Executive Officer Bert Alfonso - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc. David Driscoll - Citi Investments Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Research David Palmer - UBS Investment Research Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research
Operator:  Welcome everyone to The Hershey Company third quarter results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mark Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian:  David West, President and CEO, Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO, and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risks and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning's press release and in our 10K for 2007 filed with the SEC.  If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheets and a summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statements of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP.  As we have said in the press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations.  We will discuss our third quarter 2008 results excluding net pre-tax charges. The majority of the charges in both 2008 and 2007 are associated with the global supply chain transformation program announced in February 2007. These net pre-tax charges were $31 million in the third quarter of 2008 and $151.9 million in the third quarter of 2007. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignment initiatives. With that let me turn the call over to Dave West.
David West:  Hershey's results for the third quarter were solid, and I'm pleased with the progress we continue to make. Marketplace performance is improving as expected, with core brands responding to the investments we have made.  Q3 net sales increased 6.4%. Excluding the impact of the timing of shipments stemming from the buy in related to the August price increase, sales growth was approximately 4%. This growth was driven by price realization and overall growth in most core brands and new products, partially offset by softness in snacks, refreshments, Kisses and some non-core brands.  First let me update you on the U.S. price increase that we announced on August 15th. As we stated at the June 17th analyst day in New York and on our second quarter conference call, commodity costs will be a headwind in 2009. As you're all aware, the prices of many of our commodities used in manufacturing our products have increased significantly since our January 2008 price increase. These costs include double-digit increases on cocoa, sweeteners, nuts and energy. As it stands today, commodities peaked in early July, but the prices of all of these inputs are still up significantly since the beginning of the year. At the June 17th analyst day and as we approached the second quarter conference call, the markets were volatile and we did not have fully visibility into our 2009 cost basket. During this time and through mid-August we executed certain commodity hedging strategies that provided increased visibility into our 2009 variable cost profile. These transactions added approximately $12 million or roughly $0.03 per share of cost to our initial estimate of about $100 million increase in 2008 input costs. Given the updated cost profile for next year, a price increase was necessary.  The 11% price increase across much of our line averages about 10% on our U.S. business and was effective immediately on August 15th. However, during the four-week period ending September 12th, existing customers were allowed, based on their historic order patterns, to order up to eight weeks of inventory at the previous price if delivery occurred by October 10th. As expected, most of our retail customers purchased product and took delivery during this timeframe. Therefore, we estimate over 2 points of net sales growth in the third quarter was attributable to volume which normally would have shipped in the fourth quarter.  It is important to note that we are honoring previously agreed to promotional allowances for customers to achieve their desired promoted price points on all merchandising events and promotions through the remainder of 2008. This same protection will apply to 2009 Valentine's and Easter promotions. Other merchandising events in 2009 will fall under a new pricing architecture. Consumers already are starting to see higher everyday prices. We expect initial price elasticity impacts to result in lower unit volume in both the fourth quarter and into 2009. In terms of marketplace performance, during Q3 net sales were in line with retail takeaway excluding the impacts of the buy in. IRI and Nielsen third quarter amounts are for the 12 weeks ended September 7th. Note that the next quad, for the four weeks ended October 5th, will be released to you today. I'll have a bit more on this later. Overall, we're pleased with our marketplace performance. Consumer takeaway for the 12 weeks ending September 7th in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business increased by 4% driven by core brands, specifically Hershey's Milk and Milk with Almond Bars, Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, Kit Kat and Twizzlers were all up mid single digits. Our continuity advertising on the Reese's Perfect campaign continued, while the other brands began to gain more traction.  The Hershey's bar business is benefiting from the continued investment behind the S'mores campaign and the immediate lift from the Hershey's Pure advertising that started airing during the Olympics. Hershey's Milk and Milk with Almond Bars were up 7.9% during the quarter. Kit Kat jumped 7% in the quarter behind merchandising and support of customer-specific radio tie-ins. Twizzlers grew nearly 9% behind improved merchandising in the food class of trade as well as the launch of a king-sized format in C-stores.  These gains were offset by softness in snacks, refreshment and Kisses, the later of which was down double-digits as we lapped the Filled Kisses Limited Editions that were in the marketplace last year as part of the 100th anniversary promotion. As we've previously communicated, work to improve Kisses performance is ongoing.  In the channels measured by syndicated data - food, drug, mass (excluding Wal-Mart) and convenience stores - total category growth was 3.1%, with Hershey retail takeaway increasing 2.7%, resulting in a market share loss of 0.1 points. We do feel good about the progress we are making. In the third quarter total Hershey retail takeaway was up in all classes of trade. This had not occurred in about two years.  We continue to perform particularly well in food, one of the channels where we added additional retail resources. In the food class of trade, the category grew by 2.3% in the third quarter. Hershey retail takeaway increased 4.6%, resulting in a 0.7 point market share gain. These results were driven by increased levels of merchandising behind Reese's Batman, S'more's Brad Paisley, and the U.S. Olympics sponsorship as well as the fact that many of the new associates hired over the last nine to 12 months are now past the learning curve.  Hershey's Bliss was a key driver of our gain in the food class of trade. The launch has exceeded internal targets - sales, ACV and repeat. During the third quarter our raspberry flavored Bliss chocolate product was an exclusive item at Target. It did very well and a national launch is scheduled for December 1st. For the holiday season, we will also be launching Hershey Bliss Crème de Menthe as an in and out item. We'll continue advertising during the remainder of the year, and we'll support various in-store merchandising with coordinated FSIs. Hershey's Bliss will continue to anchor Hershey's commitment to the trade up segment in 2009, driven by consumer support as well as additional new items. This investment will ensure the brand continues to grow in 2009. The addition of Reese's Select Clusters during the quarter will add to the trade up lineup.  The Starbucks Chocolate launch is progressing, although trial and repeat are behind initial targets due to distribution timing as well as an overall category slowdown in premium products. The portfolio performance for Starbucks is mixed. Starbucks solid chocolate items are off to a slower start, but the café-inspired truffle line is resonating with consumers, driven by espresso and café mocha flavors that rank among the top of all premium truffle items in the category. Carmel Macchiato truffles were introduced in September and are off to a good start, with distribution at several of our top customers.  In the fourth quarter, strong customer programming is planned to drive Starbucks Chocolate trial as seasonal buyers enter the category, including a line of holiday truffle gift boxes that feature Starbucks seasonal drink flavors like Peppermint Mocha and Gingerbread and Eggnog lattes.  In the C-store class of trade, the category was up 2.7% for the 12 weeks ended September 7th, slightly less than the year-to-date growth of 3.2%. Recall in the year ago period that this class of trade was up almost 5%. Total Hershey C-store takeaway increased for the second consecutive quarter and was up 1.7%. While this resulted in a slight share loss of 0.3 points, it was a significant improvement year-over-year. Hershey chocolate and non-chocolate takeaway in this channel during the quarter grew 1.3% and 10.1% respectively.  Our refreshment performance was soft and declined by about 6% in the third quarter, driven primarily by Mints. As a segment, Mint is underperforming the total category and is down about mid double-digits for the quarter and the year-to-date periods.  The core brands that we are supporting did well in C-stores and outpaced our total results. Our increased retail coverage is working, emphasizing our core brands on shelf at retail. In the fourth quarter, merchandising and promotional support will continue with nostalgia programming featuring all of your favorite Hershey core brands and retro package graphics as well as a full lineup of seasonal instant consumables such as Reese's Pumpkins and Christmas Trees.  We continue to make the necessary investments to build our international businesses. Obviously this impacts margin, but we're committed to long-term success in these markets. Of note are the recent press reports related to dairy issues in China. At Hershey, product quality and consumer safety are our number one priorities. The Hershey Company has not purchased milk ingredients, including powdered milk, from China.  All Hershey products use the highest quality ingredients and are safe to consume. This includes Cadbury products manufactured and distributed in the United States by The Hershey Company as well as products manufactured in China for sales by Hershey throughout Asia.  Let me summarize our performance and outlook. Overall, I'm pleased with our U.S. marketplace performance. During the 12 weeks ending September 7th we continued to grow at 4% in FDMxC with Wal-Mart, with improved trends in measured market share, essentially holding our own on share after an extended period of decline.  We have consistent levels of investment throughout the remainder of the year and into 2009, giving us confidence that this market share performance should continue. This is reflected in the October 5th quad data, which will be released later today. This is the first month of Q4.  C-store takeaway for the four weeks ended October 5th showed category of 2.5%. Hershey takeaway was up 4.4%, resulting in a share gain of 0.5 points. This is our first gain in C-stores in over two years.  Hershey's retail takeaway in the FDMx classes of trade is up 1.9%. We gained 0.4 share points in the October 5th quad, with [inaudible] share gains in all three classes of trade - food, drug and mass ex - however, the category measured growth did slow some. Our demand planning and volume elasticity models reflect a category unit volume slowdown into the fourth quarter and 2009 due to anticipated retail price increases. We do continue to expect full year 2008 net sales growth of 3% to 4%. A good portion of the category in the fourth quarter is driven by seasonal sales. Programs are in place to ensure sell in and sell through. We're leveraging the additional associates that are in the stores. Their efforts, along with our brand investment, will enable us to remain competitive in the marketplace. The global supply chain transformation program is on track to deliver cumulative project savings of $80 to $90 million in 2008. A material portion of these savings will occur in the fourth quarter. Additionally, we'll be lapping our initial investments in advertising, increased retail coverage and international G&A infrastructure, which began in the fourth quarter of 2007. Therefore, we expect our fourth quarter cost profile to improve versus year-to-date results. Given these savings, price realization and continued consumer investment, we anticipate [2008] earnings per share diluted from operations towards the lower end of the $1.85 to $1.90 range. In 2009 our expectation remains for total company net sales to increase 2% to 3%. This is consistent with what we communicated in August. We will continue to execute well at retail and to invest in our core brands. During Valentine's and Easter we expect to see seasonal price points at levels consistent with those prior to the price increase. However, outside of these two seasons consumers will see higher everyday and promoted prices. We expect U.S. unit volumes to decline due to the elasticity effects of these higher overall price points; however, we will recognize modest dollar sales growth as a result of price realization.  We'll continue to invest in our international business, where net sales will continue to grow at rates greater than the U.S. business on a constant currency basis. The impact of foreign exchange will be particularly difficult to assess in today's markets. In 2009 we expect our commodity costs to increase approximately $200 to $225 million versus 2008, about double the 2008 increase over 2007. While many of our key ingredients are below the 2008 peak levels, they're still much greater than year ago and January 1st spot prices.  We also remain committed to higher levels of consumer investment in 2009 and, given market returns, expect pension expense to be a headwind.  We will deliver approximately $60 to $70 million of global supply chain savings and gain the benefit of improved price realization. Therefore, we continue to expect earnings per share diluted from operations in 2009 to increase; however, it will be at a rate below our long-term objective of 6% to 8% growth. I'll now turn it over to Bert Alfonso, who will provide some additional financial detail.
Bert Alfonso:  Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone.  As already highlighted, third quarter results were in line with our expectations. Consolidated net sales of $1.487 billion represent an increase of 6.4% versus year ago. The buy in related to the August price increase contributed approximately 2 percentage points of sales growth, with the balance driven by price realization. Diluted EPS from operations of $0.64 declined 6%, primarily due to greater levels of consumer investment, selling expense and higher commodity prices that included the cost of hedging strategies communicated in August. These hedging strategies were enacted to enhance our 2009 commodity cost profile and their higher costs in Q3 essentially offset the operating profit from higher revenue generated by the U.S. price increase buy in.  Net sales performance of 6.4% in the quarter was in line with our internal forecast. The 4% plus of price realization was driven by the April 2007 and January 2008 U.S. price increases. Volume was up slightly as solid U.S. core brand and international growth was offset by softness in snacks, refreshment and some non-core brands. Dave provided details related to our marketplace performance, so I'll focus on a review of the P&L and balance sheet starting with gross margin. During the third quarter operating gross margin declined 130 basis points. Favorable price realization and productivity were more than offset by increased input and energy costs that were higher by 220 basis points in the quarter.  Looking forward, we have visibility to our input costs for the remainder of 2008. We expect input costs, including energy, to be about $110 million higher year-over-year.  Net obsolescence costs in the quarter were at normal levels. Reported advertising and consumer promotion expense is up 23% in the quarter, supporting the Hershey's Pure campaign, Hershey's Bliss, Reese's, Twizzlers, and Kit Kat brands as well as brand building initiatives in our international markets. For the year we expect advertising to be up about 25%.  EBIT margin was down 330 basis points and in addition to higher marking expenses was also affected by a few other factors. These include the cost of added retail coverage that began toward the end of the third quarter 2007, other employee-related costs, and investments in international expansion. Moving further down the P&L, interest expense for the quarter decreased, coming in at $25 million versus $33 million last year. This was driven by [lower short-term] rates on our commercial paper of about 300 basis points as well as lower average debt balances resulting from working capital improvements. For the full year 2008 on a percentage basis, we expect interest expense to be down 15% to 20% versus 2007. The tax rate for the third quarter was 35.5%, slightly lower than the prior year due to the impact of interim tax accounting. For the fourth quarter and full year 2008, we continue to project a tax rate of 36%. Note that the reported tax rate is higher than the pro forma rate, so the effective tax rate's applicable to business realignment charges.  Weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis for the quarter were 229 million versus 230 million in 2007, leading to EPS of $0.64 per share diluted from operations, down 6% versus year ago.  Let me provide now a year-to-date recap of pro forma results.  Net sales increased 4.2% or 3.2% excluding the Godrej acquisition in the January to May period.  Gross margin of 35.2% year-to-date versus 36.1% last year, primarily due to increased input and energy costs, which were approximately 270 basis points higher. EBIT from operations declined 17%, with EBIT margin down 370 basis points to 14.3% from 18%.  Advertising and consumer promotions increased 22% on a year-to-date basis.  Earnings per share diluted from operations for the nine-month period declined 16% to $1.30 per share.  Next I'll comment on our balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the third quarter net trading capital decreased versus the end of last year's third quarter, resulting in a cash inflow of $190 million.  Accounts receivable were down $24 million and remain extremely current and of high quality. We continuously monitor our accounts receivable aging and, despite current conditions in the financial markets, we have not seen an impact on our customer's payment patterns to date. On a year-to-date basis, our accounts receivable days sales outstanding have improved.  Inventories were lower by $101 million compared to the third quarter last year, and accounts payable have increased by $65 million. During the quarter our capital additions, including software, were $65 million and $211 million year-to-date. For 2008, we are targeting total capital expenditures to be in the range of $300 million, driven by the global supply chain transformation program. Depreciation and amortization was $66 million in the quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to the global supply chain transformation program of $16 million; however, operating depreciation and amortization totaled $49 million in the quarter. For the full year we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of about $245 to $255 million, including accelerated depreciation and amortization of approximately $55 to $65 million. Dividends paid during the third quarter were $66 million, and we have repurchased $14 million worth of our common shares in the open market to replace shares issued in connection with employee stock options being exercised. Our goal is repurchase all such shares. We did not acquire any stock in the third quarter related to the current repurchase program. There is $100 million outstanding in the current authorization that the Board approved in December of 2006.  As it relates to our short-term cash needs, the company is currently well positioned. Earlier in the year we lowered the short-term portion of our debt, and we have significantly improved our working capital with a focus on accounts receivable collection, inventory reduction, and accounts payable terms.  Considering the increasingly volatile credit market conditions in the third quarter, we increased our cash position to manage our seasonal capital needs. As a result, we have not encountered any difficulties with our short-term commercial paper requirements and have been able to place our CP at attractive rates.  Our CP balance usually runs in a range of $600 to $700 million this time of year due to seasonality, and we are currently within that range. Our working capital needs peak in the third quarter, and in the upcoming fourth quarter our cash conversion is higher than other quarters. All of our $1.5 billion of long-term debt is at fixed rates.  Let me provide an update of the global supply chain transformation program which we announced back in February of 2007.  Construction in our Monterey facility in Mexico continues and about 50% of planned manufacturing lines are installed and are producing product. We're tracking to achieve the 2008 cumulative year-to-date savings of $80 million to $90 million by the end of this year. While we are satisfied with our progress, there is still a lot to accomplish over the next 12 to 15 months to complete the project and remain on schedule. During the quarter we reported global supply chain realignment charges of $31 million pre-tax, including $16 million of accelerated depreciation, $4 million of project start up, $2 million of SM&A expenses reflecting program management costs. The total of these charges reduced earnings per share by $0.10.  In 2008 we estimate total pre-tax charges and nonrecurring project implementation costs of $135 to $145 million and total ongoing savings remain at $170 to $190 million. Our estimate of total pre-tax charges on nonrecurring [inaudible] at $550 to $575 million [inaudible] project management and start up costs of $60 million. This forecast does include a projection for pension settlement costs which are required by FAS 88, however the projected costs could increase up to $75 million based on recent financial market declines and if employee withdrawals from pension plans exceed certain levels. Importantly, any increases in pension settlement charges would be a non-cash charge for the company given our fully funded pension status. Let me close by providing our outlook for the remainder of 2008. For the full year we continue to anticipate net sale growth of 3% to 4%, driven by price realization, improved U.S. marketplace performance, especially in our core brands, and sales gains from our international businesses.  We expect that EBIT margin will be lower year-over-year due to higher input costs and increased investment in advertising, consumer promotion and selling expenses in the U.S. and in selected international markets. As a result, we anticipate 2008 earnings per share diluted from operations within the $1.85 to $1.90 range. As we have identified previously, we expect that full year 2008 earnings per share diluted will be toward the lower end of this range. In 2009 we are projected lower U.S. volumes stemming from higher retail price points. In nonU.S. markets we anticipate that a stronger U.S. dollar could dampen growth in international markets. As a result, we expect total company net sales growth of 2% to 3%.  Our cost basket in 2009 includes higher commodity costs. In addition, based on today's decline in the financial markets, we will most likely incur a non-cash pension expense in our defined benefit plans. Importantly, our pension plans are already fully funded and no cash contributions are anticipated.  We will continue to focus on productivity and other initiatives to offset the cost challenges I've already described. Considering all of these factors, we expect earnings per share diluted from operations to increase in 2009, however, at a rate lower than the long-term objective of 6% to 8% growth. Let me now turn it back over to Dave to begin the Q&A portion of our teleconference.
David West: Before we start the Q&A, let me just reiterate that overall we are seeing improvement in our U.S. market share trends, we're making progress in international markets, and we have taken the necessary supply chain costs and pricing actions to deal with these volatile times. We have also restored support on our core brands and retail coverage. We'll continue to execute against the consumer-driven demand model we discussed with you on June 17th, and we believe that we are headed in the right direction. And with that, we'll now open it up for your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  I wanted to ask specifically about the convenience and gas channel. It seems like a decrease - there seems to be a mix of opinion out there that the impact that a decrease in fuel prices off peak levels is having there. I've heard some say their business is accelerating; others say no impact. Could you maybe give me a sense of the trends you're seeing and are hoping for into 2009 assuming gas prices stay here, off their peak?
David West: I think, Jonathan, the 12-weeks data that we quoted ending 9/7, clearly had the much higher gas prices in it. And I think during that period clearly trips were down. The category in that 12week period through the summer was up around 2.5%. It's down a little bit from what it historically had been, and that's pretty consistent with what we saw in the four weeks ending 10/5, which just came out in the last couple of days. So still around that 2.5% to 3% range.  The lower gas prices are just starting to come in, so we'll have to watch the impact of that, but overall I think trips are down a little bit. But our category seems to be kind of clipping along at that 3 percentage range. For the first time in the last four weeks we started to get some traction and gain some share back, so we're pretty pleased about that. But we obviously will continue to monitor it.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: That 3% number, you're just taking - is that convenience or is that all channel?
David West: That's the convenience store only. That's the C-store part of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.:  Just in terms of the category growth, Dave, as you look out into '09 and as we deal with the weakening economy and consumers just being more challenged, how do you think about the category growth outlook? And as you see price increases going through and consumers see higher prices there, how do you think about both from the macro perspective as well as the impact the price increases will have on the category?
David West: I think it's a good question. This is a category that historically has grown 3% to 4% over time, and that's been pretty consistent. When we look at the year-to-date, if you look at the 12 weeks ending 9/7 in FDMxC, the category grew 3%. When you think about our total business, which throws in some of the other non-measured, you know, non-releasable customers, we grew 4% for the 12 weeks. And that essentially for us was about flat in share. So the category's all in growing about 4%. With these things that I think we'll see going forward, non-measured we think will continue to grow well. When I say non-measured, if you think about formats like clubs and Dollar and other of the non-releasable customers that tend to have more of a value format for consumers, we think that they'll continue to grow and be additive to the FDMx category growth rates that you would see reported.  Premium as a growth driver is slowing out there. Not good necessarily for the overall category, but other than our Starbucks product line and the Scharffen Berger and Dagoba we have, that's probably better for us, but not really better for the category. And we really need to continue to grow the overall category. So premium's [inaudible] trade up, particularly where we have our Hershey's Bliss position, seems to be holding up okay so far. And then obviously the category growth rates differ as the year kind of goes back and forth. From about now until the end of the Easter period, the category tends to grow a little bit more slowly naturally because the seasonal business is pretty big and we don't get the same growth rates as we might get every day. And some of that is just controlled by us in terms of what we think we want to sell in and what we think can sell through. So particularly in these economic times, as we head to the fourth quarter, we were cautious about what we put into the system for both Halloween and holiday, so we'd expect the category to probably slow a little bit. And then I think what you're going to see in 2009 is a new pricing architecture consumers haven't seen before, and so they'll be seeing, you know, we would expect in 2009 a shift, at least initially. There'll be less units, but more dollars per unit, obviously, and I think you'll start to see a shift between more everyday versus promoted units. So we're monitoring those things very closely. We do think over the long term it's a 3% to 4% category. We still think that. And in the short-term, the latter part of this year and the early part of next year with the shift in the pricing going on, it might be a little slower than that. But again, for us, we're very focused on making sure that we hold onto the market share performance that we've started to gain in the last quad.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc.: And what does your price elasticity model tell you about the sort of - if you can quantify what the model shows in terms of the impact on volume with every 10% price increase, for example?
David West: We're not going to get into the specifics of that. I think what we did say is we would expect that unit volume would be down but we would get, in our U.S. business, modest dollar growth in the next period of time as we went to the elasticity. But I won't get into the absolute specifics of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Dave, I just want to kind of ask you some questions here regarding the '09 outlook. Back in June and then in July you guys seemed pretty confident on the 3% to 5%. In July we had pretty much the contract highs in cocoa. By mid-August cocoa price had actually come down, and then it was at that time you guys reduced your forecast after announcing the price increase for '09. Can you just tell me, are there any other factors that went into your all's thought process on why the '09 sales outlook was weaker than you had thought just maybe a month earlier.
David West: No, David, it really was about the visibility into the commodity basket for 2009 and then, as we looked at that and got a little bit more firm on that, the need for us to really take a look at the pricing in the business and making sure that we were able to protect our margin. And that was really the only factor that changed it.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: The second question, also related to the commodities, is now that they have come off so substantially from those contract highs - this is a question about your competitors, and I know you may not know the answer - but what historically has happened when Hershey has - Hershey's historically, to my mind, always been a hedger and been wanting to lock in that commodity outlook, but in terms of the other players in the space, let's assume they didn't do that; maybe that's right, maybe that's not right - does that put Hershey in a very tough competitive position in '09 if they literally are realizing substantially lower commodity costs than Hershey would be? Is that a true statement? How worried should we be about something like that?
David West: Well, I mean, clearly we have our own marketplace intelligence about what our competitors may or may not do in terms of their own strategies, but obviously it's an educated guess and supposition on our part. We have to make sure that we take care of our business first and foremost. Most of the folks who are in the confectionary business are buying the same inputs you're buying dairy, you're buying cocoa, you're buying sweeteners.  So while the prices have certainly fallen from what would be all-time highs, if you look at the ranges of cocoa over the last 24 months, it ranges anywhere from $1,400 a metric ton to $3,200 a metric ton. So really you have to know entry points and exit points and how much cover people had coming in. So what we have to do is make sure we take care of our business going forward.  We think that within the category we can remain competitive, and clearly we'll monitor what's going on, both with our business and with the category. But we feel we've done the right things for the business long term. And we have already had those conversations with our retail customers, and the consumer's going to start to see it and we'll monitor our progress. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus:  I just have a couple questions for you. The first one was, just to be clear on the EPS guidance for the year, you are forecasting growth in the fourth quarter and I guess what I was thinking here is that, is it possible you have marketing costs up at a slower rate given you've had pretty rampant growth in marketing to date?  And maybe you could also talk about the cost savings in the fourth quarter, [inaudible] those could be helping - you mentioned those [inaudible] to the fourth quarter. 
David West: Yes, I would tell you that yes, we are anticipating, as you rightly indicated, some improvement in the fourth quarter. I would tell you that our investment behind the business, advertising, consumer investment and the like, are approximately at levels that we've maintained during the year in that sort of low 20s to mid 20s range. So really not a dramatic change from the investment levels we've had throughout the year.  In terms of the savings that come from supply chain transformation, they are more accentuated in the fourth quarter. I think David mentioned that. And they're within that cumulative, since we announced the program, $80 to $90 million.
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then you'd also mentioned a slowdown - I guess you made the mention in relation to Starbucks and premium products. Can you talk about that? Are you seeing that, for example, affecting Bliss or is just more you saw it on the really high end chocolate part of the market?
David West: Yes, so far it seems to be much more on the very high end. The Bliss, Hershey's Bliss, product line and some of the other things that are a slight trade up for the consumer, they're still getting merchandising. The very premium higher end generally would not get discounted and price promoted and merchandised.  So as long as the trade up is - when we're talking trade up in today's marketplace terms, a regular, promoted, everyday bag of packaged candy might get promoted at two for $5 and Hershey's Bliss might be at two for $5, so it's a slight trade up and the consumer perception of that is that the product quality and the experience is much better. And we're not asking them to pay a huge amount more, so trade up seems to be holding up okay. It's really on the much higher end where we've really seen a slowdown. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then just one follow up. I think you essentially answered this but in relation to your cost inflation and for '09, the fact that costs have come off their highs but you kind of held your guidance for next year indicates you have pretty good visibility into '09; therefore, you're pretty well hedged in '09. I'm sure you're not going to give a percentage on that, but is that a fair statement, that you're pretty well hedged throughout '09 now?
Bert Alfonso: At this time of the year, given our practices and I think we explain it in the K, our policy is to be within 3 to 24 months. So yes, given this time of year, we would have some hedges in place. I would not want to give you a percentage in terms of just for competitive reasons. What I would say is that the reduction of commodity prices in general is good for the industry, but we have taken our pricing decisions based on what we see in terms of the total year coming forward and how we manage our margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  You mentioned pension expense as probably being a headwind in 2009. Can you separate that for us? I mean, in the Appendix of your release you mention the relationship with the restructuring program, but to what extent will your expense go up for existing employees and will you have to absorb higher pension expense? 
Bert Alfonso: Yes, I will separate that into two pieces because they are quite different. We did provide pretty extensive documentation around the settlement charges, which are more involved with our global supply chain transformation. And the way FAS 88 works, there are certain trigger points, depending on the level of withdrawal. And this is done on an every calendar year basis, so it's a pretty discrete exercise.  And to the extent that those exceed certain trigger points, then the accounting policies would ask you to report certain settlement charges, and those settlement charges would go against the global supply chain transformation program. We already have some in there that we've anticipated and we're just putting out more information because of the markets being down and the fact that we could incur more of them. So that's one piece. The other is our normal pension expenses, which are part of FAS 87, and in that regard I think I'd like to highlight two points. One is that the good news for us is that we do have fully funded pension plans, and so from that perspective an expense in '09 would not require a cash contribution. We've also converted out of defined contribution and so we're capped to some extent in terms of new entries there, and that helps us going forward. But as we look at the market performance where it is today - and again, this is a discrete exercise at a point in time, so it's not that we have an exact number today - but as we look at where the markets are today and where they could end up the year, we have made certain assumptions around what the market decline could be this year. And based on FAS 87 we believe right now that we would probably incur a pension expense next year. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: But it's not enough to make you reassess your guidance for '09?
David West: Rob, when we look at the total basket of input costs - we've talked pretty clearly about the $200 to $225 million of commodity costs but then there are other input costs in the basket; you talk about benefit costs, pension being one, wage inflation, we would see that as being higher, there's utilities, freight, a number of other things - those are always in the algorithms for the overall basket and the pricing, that action that we would have looked at.  Now clearly a few things have happened in the last - in the volatile times over the last few weeks here. Maybe commodities have come down a little bit, but certainly the market returns have come a little bit. So I think that there's always puts and takes in there. We just want to make sure that we call it out that, given the market returns - and obviously this is unfortunately one of those things that's a point in time calculation on 12/31 based on how you're portfolio's done in the prior year and what the Moody's bond rates are - you have to kind of assess that pension expenses. But given the falloff in the equity markets, there's going to be more pension expense coming through our P&L next year, and that's already in our algorithm when we talk about the look forward in guidance for next year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Can you give me one more time your category growth number for the 12 weeks for FDMx and then your performance? You said you were at 4% and the category was around 4% also?
David West: I think overall, all in - you know, 80% of the business, which would include food, drug, all of mass, convenience - that was up 4%. When you just do FDMx, mass ex Wal-Mart and convenience, the category was up 3.1% for the 12 weeks and we were up 2.7%. So it's about a 10 basis point share loss in those 12 weeks ending 9/7.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  And all in you're about flat? 
David West: Well, we're down 10 basis points, so pretty much that's what I'd look at. We don't have the WalMart share but, I mean, all in. And then if you look at the period, the next four weeks ending 10/5, FDMxC, we gained share.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I have a few questions going back to kind of the events of over the summer. Your second quarter gross margins were surprisingly flat, and I think you tied that to milk costs or dairy costs. And it seems like that cost, which is I guess material, has continued to trend lower, and yet within the space of a few weeks you had to, it seems like, completely reassess where your hedges stood and the impact of that going forward.  I know for competitive reasons it's difficult to talk in specifics, but was it a situation where you didn't, I don't know, realize that some of these hedges were higher than you thought or you just decided to lock in and it seems like the lock in was above spot now? Maybe if you can just kind of go through that a little bit.
David West: Yes, let me take you back to the second quarter, Eric. When you remember in the second quarter when we mentioned that dairy was a significant favorability, part of the reason was we had to go back to 2007 when there was a correction in the dairy pricing complex that was noted in April and May of 2007. We booked in the second quarter of 2007 essentially six months of dairy unfavorability, so when we got into the second quarter of 2008 we had one quarter of dairy unfavorability versus two quarter the year ago. So there was an artificial favorability in the dairy pricing that we recognized in the second quarter. We were pretty clear about that.  And in the second quarter of the year we also had - which is basically almost - there's no seasonal business, really, in that second quarter of the year so most of our price increases had been on standard bars, so we got much more price realization in the second quarter than we were going to in any other quarter for the year at that time. I think we were pretty clear about that. So we did say that the margin performance, while very good in the second quarter given the seasonal skew the rest of the way and the more normalized commodity trends, that we wouldn't have expected it to be quite as good going forward. So that kind of takes you back to the second quarter. At that time we also had said we really did not have the full visibility to 2009. And over the subsequent time, we did take a look at where we wanted to be and where the markets were. And it was an extremely volatile time and, as Bert said, given our posture to try and really get visibility into the cost inputs and make sure we ensured supply, we did make some hedging decisions and some strategy decisions in that second and third quarter timeframe. And that's where we wound up recognizing an additional $12 million of expense for 2008 as we started to get those things online. So in the third quarter margin there is a catch up from those hedging strategies that we recognized in the quarter.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then from, I guess, a longer-term perspective, you've obviously been increasing advertising and promotional spending well above sales. To date the volume response has been, I supposed, mixed in that your volumes are basically flattish. How do you think about kind of where you need to get to on advertising to kind of get to the growth response that you want? I mean how, as you've done this over the last, I guess, six months now to a year, have you learned anything more about kind of where you're going with that bucket of spending?
David West: Eric, I think we're encouraged on several of the brands where we've made the investment. The Reese's brand has responded very well to the Reese's Perfect. That investment has really gone on the core. We're pleased with the initial distribution and trial and repeat on Hershey's Bliss, which we've advertised.  We started advertising on the core Hershey franchise with the Hershey's Pure campaign in the quarter, and we were very pleased with pleased with that. And then where we've been tactical with some advertising, much more radio than it is TV, with Kit Kat and with Twizzlers, we've been feeling pretty good about the brand responses there.  We do have some things; we have some things left in the tail of the portfolio we're working our way through. Our refreshment business hasn't done that well, and we have really yet to deploy the kind of consumer investment and insight into the Kisses brand that we would like. And that's the one brand where I think we haven't gotten to the response as quickly as we would like.  But I think overall we're talking about mid single digits plus takeaway on those core businesses that we've invested in. We feel good about that. And as we go forward we'll continue to invest and make sure that we get the continuity levels across all the core brands. And that's really our goal in 2009 with the increase, and then I think once we get to the latter part of 2009 we'll take a look at how the brands are responding. But until then I would say we've given you as much visibility as we can about the level of increase required in '09.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then one quick follow up. Bert, did you say that excluding the buy in, volumes were up in the quarter?
Bert Alfonso: No. What we said was that, of the 6.4%, if you eliminate the 2%, the remainder of that was largely international growth and U.S. price realization. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: And so core volumes were down a little bit?
Bert Alfonso: Core volumes were about flat.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan.
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan:  Dave, a question for you here. We were just looking at some updated Nielsen data as well, and granted it applies only to certain channels, but it looks like you are getting good distribution on your two lead items on Bliss; they seem to be growing. But if you look at the Dove stuff, that's growing pretty quickly, too, so the question we were looking at is where do you think Bliss is sourcing the volume from? Obviously, the concern there would be possible cannibalization, but I don't know about that. I wanted to ask you that.
David West: Yes. We go into one of these things with a modeling exercise, Terry, where you think you're going to take your volume. And I don't want to get into specifics, but we've actually been pleased as to where the Bliss volume, Hershey's Bliss volume, is coming from. And as I said earlier, with the slowdown in premium, I think within the category dynamics, trade up has held up reasonably well while premium has been slowing, so you can make a supposition that some of that is coming from the more premium items in the category. 
Terry Bivens - J.P. Morgan: And just a quick follow up on the Lotte agreement over in China. I think the last time I checked obviously you guys had the manufacturing agreement, but I think at one time you were trying to work something out on distribution. Could you update us on anything that may have developed with Lotte recently?
David West: Yes, Terry. We do have a distribution agreement that started within the quarter. Lotte is our distributor for Hershey products in Korea - and we have enjoyed pretty good success over the years in Korea, and we believe that that will help our business - and also are the distributor for certain of our products in Japan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch:  A couple quick questions here. If I remember correctly, on the second quarter call you mentioned something about the timing of Halloween shipments, that they were lower than normal or they were lower than previous year in the second quarter and you expected some pickup or benefit in the third quarter. I'm wondering whether you could quantify that, as to what the actual impact was in terms of sales or volumes this quarter.
Bert Alfonso: You're correct in terms of your second quarter conference call comment. We did mention that we'd shipped less Halloween this year's second quarter versus last year's second quarter, and so you're seeing more of that in our third quarter results. We're also seeing a little bit of a shift in the quarter, obviously excluding the buy in, which we've already talked about, of holiday, which we shipped a little more last year third quarter, into the fourth quarter. I'm not going to talk about specific levels. I mean, we're pretty happy. We do write the orders for Halloween in many of our customers, and so we're pretty with what we're putting out there.  Dave already mentioned that given the marketplace we're focused on a good sell through and that's been reflected in our orders for Q3.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Did I understand you correctly that perhaps the holiday was a little bit lower in the third quarter than - holiday orders booked in the third quarter were a little bit lower than the year ago period, so maybe the net impact of the benefit from Halloween in the third quarter and the headwind from the holiday would be about a wash or did I misunderstand you on the part about the holiday?
Bert Alfonso: No, you got it right.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: And then, Dave, in response to Judy's question you made a comment in terms of pricing architecture that you expected to see a shift next year to more everyday price point - more product sold at everyday price point versus promoted in terms of units. It seems somewhat counterintuitive for most categories if you're raising list prices to such a substantial degree that you'd see more of a shift to everyday full price versus promoted.  I know that you're making significant changes in your overall pricing strategy, but could you go into that in a little bit more detail as to why you expect that positive mix in terms of everyday versus promoted next year?  
David West:  Sure, I'm happy to do so. I don't want to get into a lot of specifics around price points, etc., but I think the important thing to take away from our comments is that the consumer would expect to see higher everyday prices. They'll also expect to see higher promoted prices. And historically in the category, while we have taken a number of list price increases over the last three or four or five years, we really haven't moved promoted price points up nearly as significantly. And so what will happen is a balancing - or what we hope to happen, obviously; I think every category in the world would hope to have it happen - a rebalancing of everyday price versus promoted units. And I think that we would expect to see some of that happening because promoted price points will change. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Research.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Research:  I just wanted to continue on the international theme, particularly the joint ventures in India and China. I know that over the summer that you were talking about a big priority being getting more exposure to international markets and clearly those activities are contributing to that, but you did mention that those things are going to take time to generate earnings contributions. Can you talk a little bit about those two joint ventures are going right now, maybe any detail on how much they're contributing to sales growth at this point, when you expect them to maybe reach breakeven, and even how much you're actually having to invest in those businesses this year and next? 
Bert Alfonso: I'll give you just kind of a brief overview of China and India particularly.  In China the business tends to be very seasonal. It starts up in the fall months after summer, and it really goes at a peak through Chinese New Year in the early part of next year. That is just really starting. The sell in for that has just started so, when you look at year-over-year, the business in China would not have contributed much in the third quarter differently than the prior year because the sell in just really has started.  We are looking to expand our distribution there and have improved our portfolio particularly with respect to gifting for Chinese New Year. And generating trial and brand awareness is key for us in this current upcoming year, but right now it's really not much of a growth contributor. There was a lot of blocking and tackling to get the portfolio and the product line right for this coming year. In India our business there is largely non-chocolate, a sugar confectionary business. We do have some syrup and milk mix there, but it is still largely that. And we have seen some improvement in the Nutrine business, which is that sugar business, particularly behind the big core brand there, which is [Mahawato]. And that has picked up in the quarter, and it has contributed some growth year-over-year.  Overall I think we're pleased with where we're headed there, and we continue to look at what we would do with our portfolio there going forward.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Research: And can I just follow up on the - we've had a couple of questions about the sales outlook for next year and the 2% to 3% that you're currently looking at and why that is slowing down from this year. Is it a concern about category growth or is it primarily the concerns about price elasticity with the major price increase that you took this summer? Is it anything to do with the innovation pipeline, that you're expecting to see this slowdown in the top line next year? Could you maybe just give a little bit more color on that?
Bert Alfonso: When we made the announcement of the change from - that we would be slightly below that 3% to 5% long-term goal that we have, it was about the price increase that we announced on August 15th, and that's really what the driver of it is. We're going to take a fairly significant price increase, both everyday and promoted, across the entire line, and therefore we would expect to see some shifting between units and dollars and between promoted and everyday.  And, you know, our read on that is that those elasticity things are obviously always a lot more severe in the early part of the process and then we'll see how the consumer works its way through.  So that's why we looked at 2% to 3%. You know, foreign exchange is going to be a bit of a headwind next year for us, although we certainly don't have nearly the emerging market exposure that others do, so it's kind of a double-edged sword. We wish we had the emerging market exposure, but on some level we're glad we probably don't have nearly the same concerns about some of the FX issues.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer - UBS Investment Research.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Research:  There really isn't much of a private label presence in chocolate and while we could call Hershey Chocolate and Reese's premium brands, and they are, perhaps they are the trade down option as we're seeing unemployment rise in the U.S. Do you think there is potential for that trade down from super premium or just people looking for value in general to diminish price elasticity as we get deeper into '09? Are there steps that you can take to perhaps point to price value and actually benefit from what's going on in the U.S. economy in '09?
David West: David, I think the category has generally performed better than most categories in times of difficult economic times and/or recession. It is still a relatively approachable price point on a category that is kind of a simple indulgence, almost a comfort on some level. So the category tends to perform fairly well within those kind of economic times, so we think we'll hold our own and probably be better than a lot of other categories. That said, I think what we will continue to do is a very much an impulse-oriented category, and we need to make sure that we get the right execution and merchandising so that we continue to win in the marketplace.  But I do believe there may be something there, and I just am, as I said, hopeful that the economy doesn't stay down for too long because we are all in the same situation in terms of watching the consumer sentiment. You know, right now we seem to be doing okay from a category standpoint. We hope to continue to be there.
David Palmer - UBS Investment Research: You might be limited what you can say on this, but separately, with your stock multiple at a premium to many other names globally these days and the dollar strengthening lately, does this begin to open the door, do you think, some time over the next year, year and a half, to Hershey becoming a little bit more active doing bolt-on international acquisitions?
David West: You're right, David, I can't comment on it because I won't comment on it. Good try. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital:  A quick one on gross margins as we think out to 2009. You've taken some obviously pretty dramatic pricing actions. You seem now to have a bit better visibility around where the cost basket comes in in '09 as well. Is '09 a year where, based on the algorithm you've kind of laid out, where gross margins can stabilize or expand a bit relative to what you've seen in the past couple quarters, leaving any upside to come from if the elasticity isn't as severe as you're budgeting for?
Bert Alfonso: Andrew, we don't typically provide guidance on gross margin. I think you're right about the comments that you've made in terms of our visibility and, without a doubt, if the elasticity model benefits from better volume than we anticipated, that certainly would help us at the gross margin level. There are a couple things which we are counting on and which we have confidence in in terms of gross margin. Next year is a particularly important year for the global supply chain transformation. And at that point all of our plants that we've planned to shut down will be shut down, so we'll be operating with a lower overhead base and Monterey up and running at a pretty good clip. Price realization from the recent increase is obviously going to play a big role in that.  So we think we'll have, you know, [states] a good gross margin next year, but we're not going to provide any particular forecast at this point.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: And then just a very quick one, just based on the benchmarking that you do, Dave. The additional retail coverage in food and C-store and what have you, is there any way to sort of benchmark where does that put you relative to your more significant competitors in sort of the front end in that space? Are you advantaged now where you weren't before? Are you at parity now where you weren't before? How do you think about it?
David West: Yes, I think it falls into - it's really a class of trade specific question. We have historically had the opportunity - given category leadership, size and scale, particularly in some of the nonimpulse oriented channels - to have retail resources dedicated to our business. And, given the breadth of our portfolio, that's worked well for us. As we've reinstated those folks into the food class of trade, it clear has paid benefits and we're very pleased with the performance of our associates. On the front end, we have added back some, if you think about convenience stores specifically, we've added back. The dynamic in convenience stores has changed a little bit in the last couple of years. As some of the oil companies have moved out of the space of owning stores, it's become much more of a franchisee model. And there we think the coverage and the way we're going at it, it's particularly important to impact someone who might own eight to 10 or 12 stores.  And there's a number of different models, anywhere from the guys who are going in DSD to us, who have some intensity to other people who farm it out via broker. I think we're competitive with where we are. And the dynamics have changed somewhat, but we're pleased with what we're doing on our core brands in convenience stores and we hope that we can continue to put some of the traction that we just got in the last four to 12 weeks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  I just have two questions. One is can you talk about your product mix? Have you seen a shift from single serve to bagged items and do you see that going forward?
David West: I can't actually, you know, there's obviously a mix shift as we get into the latter part of the year because we wind up with a much more seasonal skew, so you're by the very nature selling less in the way of instant consumable versus the aisle.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Taking that out. 
David West: That's a natural part of the business. And nothing else has really changed.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So you don't think that changing consumer behaviors at all has changed? You know, people moving more to bagged items versus single serve?
David West: We haven't seen anything that I would call out as significant. I think there's been a little bit of a shift between standard and king bars as the prices have moved up a little bit, but that's about it.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And then I didn't know if you said this or not. What is the major commodity that you cannot hedge?
Bert Alfonso: Dairy.
David West: Yes, there is not a well-formulated forward market for dairy.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So if we look into 2009 and dairy prices change one way or the other way, that's would be the factor that might help your numbers or hurt your numbers, depending on how dairy plays out? Is that fair?
David West: I don't want to get into anything specific about what we may or may not be covered on on specific commodities, but dairy is one where it's much more difficult to hedge.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  I just have one quick one and it's a follow up on Ken's. Can you give us any sense that $200 or $225 million of cost for next year, what percentage of that is actually hedgeable? I'm not asking where you are, unless you want to tell us.
David West:  Yes, we're not going to get into the specifics of what is and isn't, is or is not hedgeable. It's just not something we want to talk about for competitive reasons.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  Just on your strategy on Bliss relative to the earlier question I think Terry had, it seems like you're going out again with kind of special edition or these flavors in raspberry and mint over the holidays. I'm wondering, isn't this just creating the same type of situation you ran into with Kisses? I mean, why go forward with just these one-time flavors rather than kind of a broader, maybe more sustainable approach?
David West: Let me give you this. There's going to be a core number of flavor, variety on the shelf every day. And we went out with three initial flavors - a milk, a dark and a meltaway. There's something that we all do which we call turf analysis, and it'll tell you essentially how many skews is optimal in a lineup. More than three for a brand that we think of this size is optimal. The raspberry flavor will become permanent after we saw it in trials. So that's four flavors.  What we will then do in order to gain trial is to use some of the in and out flavor at the holiday as well as the ability to get the brand in and out of gifting to get trials at a time when there are lighter users in the category. That's not to say that those things are going to be permanent or that that's a strategy we'll go with on an ongoing basis, but in the initial opportunity for us to generate awareness and trial on the brand, we think that those are two windows of opportunity that we wanted to take advantage of.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: You would generally, though, keep the number of Bliss products to some optimal number then?
David West: Absolutely. We've learned a rather painful lesson over the last several years on some of our brands about proliferation and line extension and, believe me, we are well aware of where the limits are.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. 
David West: Thank you for joining us today on today's call. [Mark Pogharian] and I will be available the rest of the day to answer any follow up questions any of you may have. Thank you very much.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian - Director, IR Dave West - President and CEO Bert Alfonso - SVP and CFO
Analysts:  Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citi Investments Terry Bivens - JPMorgan Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers Todd Duvick - Banc of America
Operator: Good morning my name is Krystal and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company second quarter 2008 results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Krystal, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company second quarter 2008 conference call. Dave West, President and CEO, Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO and I'll represent Hershey on this mornings call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements, which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this mornings press release and in our 10-K for 2007 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website www.hersheys.com in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheet and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statements of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we've said in the press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes a presentation of earnings, excluding certain item, provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our second quarter 2008 results, excluding net pre-tax charges. The majority of the charges in both 2008 and 2007 are associated with the Global Supply Chain Transformation program announced in February 2007. These net pre-tax charges were $39.3 million in the second quarter of 2008 and $124.4 million in the second quarter of 2007. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignment initiatives. With that, let me turn the call over to Dave West.
Dave West: Thanks, Mark, and good morning everyone. Results for the second quarter were roughly in line with our expectations. Net sales increased 5.1%, reflecting the progress Hershey continues to make in the marketplace. The consumer-driven model we unveiled last month is focusing our efforts on brands and innovation that offer the greatest potential for sustainable sales and earnings growth. Marketplace momentum is building, driven by core brand, such as Reese's, as well as new products, particularly Hershey Bliss and Starbucks chocolates. Continued brand investment should result in further year-over-year improvement in the second half. In terms of second quarter marketplace performance, the reported IRI and Nielsen data for the period ended June 15 is impacted by the timing of Easter. Therefore, my remarks related to second quarter takeaway and market share will exclude the effect of seasons and be focused on the everyday business. During the quarter, we continued to make significant progress on initiatives that will benefit net sales and earnings throughout the remainder of the year and beyond. As I stated a few weeks ago in New York, focused investment on our brands is driving retail takeaway. Everyday consumer takeaway for the 12 weeks ending June 15th, and channels that account for over 80% of our retail business increased by 5%. Specifically, the Hershey's and Kit Kat franchises were up above 7%, while the Reese's and 12 of those franchises were up low double digits. These gains were offset by softness in Kisses as we are lapping the 2007, 100th anniversary promotion as well as softness in snacks and refreshment. As we highlighted last month, market structure and segmentation work is well underway to begin to address the positioning of certain brands, especially Kisses. In the channels measured by syndicated data FDMxC, total Hershey retail takeaway, excluding the Easter effect, increased 3.3%, greater than the total CMG category growth rate of 2.8%, resulting in a modest market share gain of 10 basis points. Clearly, a step in the right direction for our business. Performance within non-measured customers remains good. Shipments of Back to School and Halloween essentially had no impact in the second quarter, with sales within the quarter down slightly year-over-year on Halloween. We expect an overall solid Halloween, so this is only a timing issue. Seasonal programming is in place to ensure that we have a good third quarter sell-through. In the second quarter, marketplace performance improved in all classes of trade, especially in C Store and food channels where we have added retail resources. In the convenience store class-of-trade, the category continues to grow. In the second quarter, the categories were up 4.1%, Hershey takeaway increased 3%, while this resulted in the share loss of 0.3 points, it was an improvement sequentially and year-over-year. In convenience stores, Hershey's chocolate and non-chocolate segments were solid during the quarter, with takeaway up 3.7% and 5.7% respectively. Offsetting this performance was softness within refreshments, particularly mints. Positive results were driven by additions to resale coverage and increased levels of core brand investment, including advertising, merchandising and unique C Store programs, such as our Reese's co-partnership, as well as cash for gas, where consumers can instantly win free gas when they purchase a Skor or PayDay candy bar. Continued core brand advertising, as well as Reese's Batman Dark Knight, Olympics and NASCAR programming will ensure momentum continues in the third quarter. Turning now to the food class of trade where everyday retail takeaway increased 2.6% in Q2. Specifically in the May 18 quad market share was flat in the June 15th period we gained 0.9 share points in food. These results were driven by increased retail coverage, merchandising and the success of Hershey's Bliss. The Hershey's Bliss launch benefited the chocolate segment in the food class of trade. To date, the Hershey's Bliss launch has been highly successful, exceeding all internal targeted sales metrics. Consumer takeaway and trial has been particularly strong, making Hershey's Bliss the number one new brand launch in a chocolate category for 2008. During the quarter, we exceeded our ACV distribution targets, incremental merchandising, and products display activity, combined with strong consumer support, anchored by TV advertising, product sampling and traditional trial vehicles drove takeaway. As it relates to household penetration, Hershey's Bliss ran significantly above all of our benchmark targets at this point in its launch. Importantly, early repeat repurchases are exceeding our initial estimates. Yet the launch has more than met our expectations and Hershey's Bliss is on track to exceed its year one sales target. The Starbucks chocolates product launch is also progressing. This is a more focused opportunity and therefore our overall ACV distribution will not near that of Hershey's Bliss, where it is in distribution. Starbucks is doing well, driven by advertising and consumer support programs. We feel among consumers, who have tried the Starbucks line is above expectations and importantly about half the consumers buying Starbucks are making it an incremental purchase to their category shopping. ACV is a bit behind our target, but we have plans in place to close the gaps in the second half. As we outlined last month, investment in our core brands will continue throughout the year including advertising, merchandizing and consumer promotion. We are on-air with continuity levels on Reese's and we are initiating spots on Hershey’s almond and standard bars. Hershey’s Bliss and Starbucks will continue on-air as well.  So overall, we are pleased with our US market place performance in the second quarter, as we improved in all classes of trade. Price realization, increased retail coverage combined with higher levels of advertising, and in-store activity, is having the desired effect. We are gaining traction and we expect this will continue with year-over-year US market place performance improvement in the second half of the year. Our international businesses continue to deliver on our expectations and we also expect this to continue throughout the remainder of the year. The global supply chain transformation program is progressing. We expect to recognize the majority of the 2008 global supply chain savings in the second half of the year as production in our new facility at Monterrey ramps up. We will have a few more details for you in a moment.  The global supply chain transformation savings combined with price realization and good visibility into our cost structure in the second half of the year will enable us to expand consumer investment, support solid seasonal programming and continue to build our international business. Therefore for the full year 2008, we continue to expect net sales growth of 3% to 4% and earnings per share diluted from operations of a $1.85 to $1.90 per share. While it's too early to give details of specificity around 2009, we are encouraged with the latest marketplace trends and feel that in 2009 net sales will be within our long term top line growth rate of 3% to 5% driven by further brand investment, the previously announced pricing action, and international growth. We do expect commodity cost to increase again significantly in 2009 and to remain volatile for the foreseeable future. We continue to focus on productivity and other initiatives to offset higher input costs and consumer investment. We'll continue to invest behind our focused brands and international businesses. Therefore in 2009, we expect earnings per share to grow, but below the long term operating EPS rate of 6% to 8%. Now Bert will provide more detail.
Bert Alfonso: Thank you, Dave and good morning everyone. As already highlighted, Q2 results were in line with our expectations. Consolidated net sales in the second quarter of $1.1 billion increased 5.1% versus the year ago period. Diluted EPS from operations of $0.29 declined 17%, primarily due to higher levels of consumer investments and selling expense. Importantly market place performance is improving, and our 2008 plans are on track to deliver full year net sales growth of 3% to 4%, and EPS diluted from operations of $1.85 to $1.90. Now for some additional details: net sales performance, up 5.1% in the quarter, was essentially in line with our internal forecast. Net price realization driven by the April 2007 and January 2008 US price increases contributed about three points. Volume was low, about half a point, due to softness in snacks and refreshments. In June, we lap the results from the Godrej acquisition and the two month benefit in the quarter accounted for about 1.5 points of growth. Dave provided details related to our marketplace performance, so I will focus on our review of the P&L and balance sheet starting with growth margin. During the second quarter, gross margin increased 80 basis points, as favorable price and productivity offset overall input costs that were higher by 20 basis points in the current period, because in the second quarter of 2007, commodity costs were markedly up, mostly driven by the timing of higher dairy costs.  Our full year outlook released commodity has not changed, and as such we still expect our input cost to be up about $100 million year-over-year. Net outsourcing costs were normal rates in the quarter and were slightly favorable year-over-year. Outside the US, the Godrej Hershey business generated lower than company average gross margin and modestly impacted the quarter. Now that we have the Godrej acquisitions, future quarters will be more comparable. EBIT margin was down 280 basis points, as selling, marketing and administrative costs increased about 24% or 350 basis points as a percentage of sales, versus the prior year. Advertising and consumer promotion was up 34% in the quarter, reporting Hershey's franchises including the launch of Hershey's Bliss, Starbucks, the Reese's Perfect campaign and brand building initiatives in key international markets. For the year, we expect combined advertising and consumer promotion to be up about 25%. EBIT margin was also affected by a few other factors. These include the cost of added retail coverage that began during the second half of 2007, employee related costs of our international expansions in India and China, and slightly higher corporate administrative cost. We expect our EBIT profiles to improve in the second half, as we lap the standard retail coverage in international infrastructure investments.  Now moving down to income statement. Interest expense for the quarter decreased coming in at $24 million versus $29 million last year. This was driven by a lower short-term rate on our commercial paper of about 300 basis points, and lower average debt balances resulting from working capital improvements. For the full year 2008, on a percentage basis, we expect interest expense to be down from 15% to 20%. The tax rate for the second quarter was 39%, a bit higher than the prior year due to the timing of state taxes and tax accounting. For the full year 2008, we are projecting a tax rate of 36%. Note that on a reported tax rate, it is higher than the pro forma rate, due to the effective tax rate applicable to business realignment charges. Weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis for the quarter were $229 million versus $232 million for the second quarter of 2007, leading to an EPS of $0.29 per share diluted from operations down 17% versus year ago. Let me now provide a quick recap of year-to-date pro forma results. Net sales increased 2.8% in the first half. EBIT from operations declined 22% with EBIT margin down 210 basis points to 12.6% from 16.7%. Advertising and consumer promotion increased 21% on a year-to-date basis. Gross margin was 35.3% year-to-date versus 36% last year due primarily to increased input costs. EPS diluted from operations in the first half declined 23% to $0.66 per share. Next I'll comment on our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of the second quarter, net trading capital decreased from the end of last year's first quarter resulting in a cash inflow of $224 million. Accounts receivable were down $75 million and remain extremely current in a high quality. Inventories were lower by $116 million compared to the second quarter last year and accounts payable increased by $33 million. We expect working capital to improve in 2008 primarily driven by inventory reduction and lower account receivable DSO. During the quarter, capital additions including software were $76 million. For 2008, we continue to target total capitalizations in the range of $300 to $325 million driven by the global supply chain transformation program. Depreciation and amortization $57 million in the quarter, this includes accelerated depreciation related to a global supply chain transformation program of $11 million. Together, operating, depreciation, and amortization totaled $46 million in the quarter. In 2008 we are forecasting total depreciation and amortization of about $245 to $255 million, including accelerated depreciation and amortization of approximately $55 to $65 million. Dividends paid during the second quarter were $66 million. During the quarter, we did repurchase $23 million of our common shares in the open market to replace shares issued in connection with employee stock options being exercised. Our goal is to repurchase all such shares. We did not acquire any stock in the second quarter related to the current repurchase program and there is $100 million outstanding on the current authorization that the Board approved in December 2006. Let me provide an update of the global supply chain transformation program, which we announced back in February of 2007. Construction in Monterrey continues and manufacturing is now underway with a limited amount of products being produced. Relocation of manufacturing equipment in our existing network is largely complete, although installation and commissioning of certain product lines is ongoing. While we are satisfied with our progress to-date, there is still a lot to accomplish in the coming months to complete the project on schedule. During the quarter, we recorded global supply chain realignment charges of $40 million pre-tax including $15 million of accelerated depreciation in write-offs to cost of sales, and $2 million recorded in SM&A expenses reflecting program management costs and plant closure related costs. These charges reduced earnings per share by $0.11 on a reported basis. For 2008, our estimate of total pre-tax charges and nonrecurring project implementation costs is $135 to $145 million, and the total three year ongoing savings remain at $170 million to $190 million, with a significant increase in 2008 compared to 2007. We expect cumulative savings to reach roughly $80 million to $90 million in 2008 due to the second half of the year. Our estimated total pre-tax charges and non-recurring implementation costs remains at $550 million to $575 million including project management and startup costs of $60 million. Let me close by providing our outlook for the remainder of 2008. For the full year, we continue to anticipate net sales growth of 3% to 4%. Year-over-year, U.S. price utilization, improved U.S. marketplace performance driven by consumer investment and international gains, will drive second half net sales. We expect that EBIT margin will be lower year-over-year due to higher input costs and increased investment in advertising, consumer promotion, and selling expenses in the U.S. and in selected international markets. As a result, for the full year 2008, our projected EPS diluted from operations remained in the $85 to $90 range. We are encouraged by the latest marketplace trends and feel confident that 2009 net sales will be within our long-term top-line growth rate of 3% to 5%, driven by focused brand investment, previously announced price increases and international growth. We continue to expect commodity costs to rise again in 2009 and to remain volatile for the foreseeable future. I'm sure that all of you are aware that the majority of these commodities are up significantly since the beginning of the year. With this in mind, we continually assess our margin structure and are keeping all drivers for opportunity. As we recently communicated in June, due to the increased penny against key growth initiatives and the difficult cost environment, we anticipate that in 2009 earnings per share from operations will increase, but not within the stated long-term operating EPS growth rate of 6% to 8%. With that, I'll close and we'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Hi, good morning.
Bert Alfonso:  Hi, Christine, how are you?
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: I am well. Thank you. Just in terms of your 2009 guidance, it was a little disappointing relative to your expectations. Is there anything specific that you would call out aside from the obvious cost inflation, challenging environment that was driving that?
Dave West: I think we said it in the June Analyst meeting as well, there is a lot of volatility in the commodity markets, the complex pretty much across the board is up. We expect it is probably be another difficult year, from a commodity standpoint. We know we need to continue to make the investments in the business, both in the U.S. and internationally. So as we do that, while we see growth next year at this point from an earnings per share standpoint, it is just too early for us, given the cost environment to commit anything other than, then again we do not believe we will get into that longer-term range.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: That is not a function of not being able to get sufficient pricing to offset that commodity cost. There is no push back from the retailers that may be making you less confident in your outlook.
Dave West: Right now, we did get good price realization in the second quarter and we are pretty much on track from elasticity modeling standpoint, from what we would have expected right now. So that is about all comment on pricing.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right. I leave it there. Thanks.
Bert Alfonso: Thanks, Christine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everybody.
Dave West: Hi, Eric.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: My question is going to revolve around the gross margin and then also working capital. I just do not understand how there could be such a change from the last four or five quarters when it seems like most input costs other than dry powdered milk have gone up. Most of the companies in the industry are reporting higher working capital usage due to the flow through of the inputs, and you said inventories were down 117 million. So can you just walk through some of the gives and takes on the gross margin line and what is happening and how that is influencing working capital?
Bert Alfonso:  Sure, I can give you some further details. We do not, as you know, provide outlook guidance on gross margin. In terms of the commodity impact this year, we’ve been pretty consistent saying that we believe that is about the same order of magnitude as last year about 100 million. We do have Global Supply Chain Transformation savings, which do help us quite a bit in the back half, not so much in the first half. In terms of the quarters and gross margin, you are quite right, the second quarter last year had a pretty significant dairy spike and until this year obviously from the dairy perspective, things are better than they were last year, than other commodities are not. So there is some balance when it goes on there. I would say that in the second half of the year, we expect that the commodity impact to be more comparable to 2007, with respect to gross margin, with again as I mentioned gains from the supply chain perspective. In terms of working capital, there are couple of drivers, simply one is the consolidation work facilities as part of the Global Supply Chain Transformation and we’ve as well done some outsourcing of certain components of our supply chain. The receivables is really just the function of a smoother sales pattern, I would say in the quarter and we’ve been aggressive as most companies had been, I think on their accounts payable and getting the maximum that we can get from that part of working capital. So those are the things that are combining to help us both on gross margin basis as well as working capital. We have good working capital gains last year. We expect them this year. Obviously, we do not expect to continue that level of improvement, as we get into next year perhaps. In terms of the second quarter, there was obviously that ketchup from last year with respect to with dairy.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then just a follow-up on that same line. Your PepsiCo this morning highlighted a $0.02 mark-to-market gain from hedging. General Mills has adopted that and their swings as a result of that accounting adoption are much more significant. Why are you not adopting that accounting principle and maybe explain why not?
Bert Alfonso: While to the extent that there are mark-to-market adjustments that would reflect that, while there is hedging in practice, there is not hedging from an accounting perspective. The accounting that we employs GAAP accounting same as everyone else hedges and to the extent that they are passing the effectiveness testing on the underlying commodity. There should be no mark-to-market.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Joe, okay, let me just, you still keep it in, what you call the -- 
Dave West: The other comprehensive income?
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Yes, the other comprehensive income as opposed to on the balance sheet, as opposed to putting it on the income statement basis.
Bert Alfonso:  Yes again, it is really a matter of the matching of the underlying and the effectiveness testing. So you can have hedging that qualifies a hedge for accounting and hedging that does not. Ours by and large pretty much do in its entirety.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay, all right, I pass it on, thank you 
Dave West: Okay, thanks Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Hi Good morning
Dave West: Hey Rob, how are you?
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I am Okay. I am going to follow up on Eric Katzman's question, because it is not even just the inventories that are a lot lower and receivables are a lot lower higher the past two years, but it is also the payables that are lot higher, and so that is helping our working capital numbers too. Are you actively trying to slow down the pace of your payables?
Dave West: Well, I mean, actively within the terms that we agreed to with our supplies, I would not say we are doing anything draconian or trying to muscle the market. Having said that, we did not compare favorably to our peers more than two years ago, and it is an area of emphasis for us, and we had good gains last year and we continue to have those gains. As I already mentioned, we do not see that level of gains going on indefinitely, but working capital and cash flow will continue to be a high priority may be a little bit higher than it has been in the past. I cannot comment on that and as we negotiate our contracts, we are getting better terms and that is part of our strategy. Yes.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then, one quick follow up on the back half of the year. It looks like EPS will have to grow probably be about flat in order to get to the mid point of your guidance. You were down about in the low 20% range in the first half. Can you give us a sense of what the drivers are to get you back to a flat pattern in the second half of the year, how much of that is the savings that you said is back half loaded and how much of that is other items?
Dave West: Well, if you look at the underlying top line in the second quarter and take out the overlap of the Godrej acquisition, which was incremental. You look at the top line growth rate on an organic basis of 3.5% in the second quarter, so we are starting to see better traction in the top line, and we would expect that to continue as we look out into the second half, we are starting to get some traction there. So you will have better top line throughout the second half. We certainly did not get that kind of traction in the first quarter, although we did in the second and then we do start to get the global supply chain transformational savings, which are significantly back end loaded, and we also have our international and U.S. selling ramp up really started to occur in the later part of last year. So, as we get out into the later part of this year, those SG&A component comparisons become a little easier.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. Do you expect sales to accelerate beyond organic growth of 3.5%?
Dave West: We are not going to comment and give you anything specifically, but we are starting to get, we are getting underline take away at 5%. If you look at the marketplace everyday in the last quarter, and even if you look at the last eight weeks, it is even a little bit better than that, where you have got eight weeks of non-seasonal. So, we are starting to see some pretty good traction there. I do not want to give you a projection, although you can do the math, or we continue to stay 3% to 4% for the year, and we are up 2.8% for the first half, you can expect to see a better second from us.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : Okay. Thank you very much.
Dave West :  Thanks, Rob. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  Good morning everyone.
Dave West: Good morning.
Bert Alfonso: Morning.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Dave, you started your comments off by saying that the quarter was roughly in line with your expectation, so I just wanted to get a better understanding. It sounds me like, a couple of things must not have clicked vis-à-vis what you are hoping for. Can you just outline what those were?
Dave West:  Yes. I think roughly in line, I think we were probably a little bit better on the top line than we would have thought going in, but you know we expected to see this kind of momentum coming in the marketplace, but it was probably a little bit better than we would have expected. Obviously there is some puts and takes within the cost environment, but overall as we exist, the business here throughout the first half, we are pretty much where we thought we would be. What we are really encouraged by is the marketplace performances that we are starting to get some traction and you see it in our share and in our take-away particularly in that US business.
Vincent Andres- Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then, if I can just clarify your initial comments on 2009, if I am correct they are not any different from what you said at the analyst meeting a month ago. Is that correct?
Dave West: That is correct.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then, finally if I am correct, you have raised your spending expectation from 20% to 25% for the full year and you spend higher in the quarter. You spend, assuming you said 34% this quarter, was that spending above your expectations for the quarter? Did something happen during the quarter that cause you nudge that up or why are we going from 20% to 25%?
Dave West: Well, there is a little bit of timing there. I think, we always knew we have the Bliss and Starbucks launches coming in the second quarter and so clearly we always knew that second quarter was going to have a heavier spend and there were some timing issues. We were little late on some of the timing of the spending in the first quarter, which fell into the second. So, and as I said we committed to increasing Hershey's spend behind the core Hershey and Hershey Almond you started to see Hispanic advertising running in the second quarter. So, probably a little bit more spending in the second quarter then what we originally expected, but not much.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Then so in other words the back half of the year you are still spending according to your previous plan in the higher numbers, just a flow through of what you did in the second quarter?
Dave West: Pretty much.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Let me just last question is just on your pleasure with the market share performance that is based on your original spending expectations. In other words, the market share performance that you exhibited during the quarter is what you expected based on what you expected to spend not on what you spent ahead of that?
Bert Alfonso: Well, let's just to be clear. We are not satisfied with where we are? However, we are pleased that we are starting to get some traction. The resell coverage and the selling efforts had really helped us in food and convenience, so you are starting to see that. We’ve got the Hershey's Bliss launch opted to the point, where we like it to be. The core brand spending on Reese is working. We were much more focused on the core versus prior year, where we would have been focused on a lot of other smaller, some smaller innovation in the rest of the portfolio. So, the focus is working. Listen, we are certainly not in anyway say performance declaring victory or anything like that. We are still not gaining share but we’ve seen it flatten out pretty much we thought we would start to see that after Easter and it is important for us to continue to prove to ourselves until to the market that we are going to do what we said we were going to do. So this quarter is really for us starting to become much more predictable and seeing consistency from our performance.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. The last question and that is just that, I believe that you are anticipating another acceleration in spending next year. So, I just can not help but wonder, if we are going to get there a little earlier maybe that the spending is going to go about trend above your expectation in the back half of the year, is that an unreasonable thought?
Dave West: No, we’ve no change at this point in time to what we’ve already communicated and we do not anticipate anything like that.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then Bert if I could just ask you to remind me or remind us, you still have some room in existing share repurchase program and just why you are not being aggressive on share buybacks at this point?
Bert Alfonso: Yes. I mean, we said it before value added share buybacks they are on for consideration as we look at our capital structure. Today, we’ve a couple of different priorities perhaps and given the credit market, we are valuing more on solid investment ratings. However, we do have elevated capital expenses as part of the supply chain transformation. We continue to look for opportunities for either acquisitions or joint ventures that are bolt-on in the international side. So, we are maintaining more financial flexibility.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question coming from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: Great. Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Dave West: Hi, David, how are you?
Bert Alfonso: Good morning.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Very well. Bert just to clarify, I might have missed this, did you just say flat out that gross profit margins would be higher in the back half of the year?
Bert Alfonso: No, I did not. What I stated was that we do not give outlook guidance. What I try to do is put into prospective the different components that might shape gross margin such as the effect of commodities are more comparable versus '07 in the back half and there we do get the majority of our supply chain savings in the back half.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: However, the way I interpret that is the comparable commodity costs is a more of a favorable issues versus the front half of the year, which was a real negative variance in commodity costs and then the supply chain savings is obviously good, is that correct?
Bert Alfonso: You have to look at the commodities a little bit differently. We had a pretty big impact in Q1. We’ve had less of an impact in Q2 simply because there was such a big impact of the dairy impact in Q2 '07. The only thing I mean by more comparable is that those anomalies do not affect us in the back half.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: Okay. On trade promotion I believe that in 2006 and 2007, it was up both years and I think '07 was a record year for Hershey. Dave, do you see this number flattening out or coming down over the course of time. How does trade promotions fit into the ongoing strategy?
Dave West: Yes. It is really, if we’ve to think of trade promotion, as part of the price realization because price realization was a real contributor to our top line in the second quarter and also to our margins. You have to because so much of our category is such a merchandising intensive category. While, list pricing is important, the actual net promoted prices is probably more important because it is really what the consumer is use to seeing. So, the reason, whey you taking price increases you tend to protect some of those price points that you like to promote at and so therefore as you start to take list price increases to a certain extent your trade promotion rates is going to go up because we’ve chosen to deal back in some cases to hold promoted price points. So that is why you are seeing an increase in trade promotion rates. However, on an absolute basis, which you have got to look at it on a net basis, we did start to see a gain. Over time, we’ve got to work our way out of certain price points, because we’ve got to cover the commodity cost increases that are out there. We are starting to work our way out of some of those price points and you saw in the marketplace in the second quarter. When we look at the market takeaway, we saw both new increases in volume as well as price per unit, so that is a good mix for us. So if you go forward, you hope to be able to find a way to flatten out the increase in the trade promotion rate.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: That is real helpful. However, was all of the $60 million in increase in SG&A year-on-year in the second quarter related to advertising and consumer promotion?
Dave West: No, not of all it. We did have a pretty big portion that was there. If you remember the selling expense, we started to increase the sales force in the second half of last year. So you did have a bigger impact. There was the impact of the international infrastructure that we put in place with China and India, that again was started around the back half, the second half and in fact this much more last year. So you have some year-over-year impact there. Then we had some slight increases in just normal salary administrative costs.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: May be, Dave, if I could just get in one more question. Bliss is pretty exciting. Is there any way you give us any numbers here on consumer trial rates or ACV or the repeat rates, any numbers here? How does this compare to some of the other major Hershey product launches of the past, sometime those comparisons are also helpful?
Dave West: I would prefer to not give you any specific numbers for competitive reason, but I will tell you with respect to Hershey's Bliss is it is tracking well ahead of most of the benchmarks of our own historical database. The reality of that is, we would expect it to because with this particular new product it launch, we expected this to be more incremental, much more focused and targeted in the marketplace. The good news is right now as we look at it, we are seeing that to be the case. So as we talked on in the June Analyst Meeting in New York City, with respect to this launch, we are getting from that we hoped which is a very focused targeted launch. We are getting ACV distribution builds that we expected. Right now, if you look at IRI, you will the ACV of Hershey's Blitz is already in the mid- 80's. So that is pretty good and short of period of launch where we really started shipping this in March. We are already in the mid-80's on it from an ACV stand point and the important thing is this is something that we are going to support as aggressively in the year two as we are in year one.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: It is a nice product. Congratulations on it. Thank you.
Dave West: Thank you, David. We appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens with JPMorgan.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Good morning, everyone.
Dave West: Hi, Terry.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Couple of things. Dave, as you look at C Store performance, it was a little better than I though it might be in the second quarter. I know it is tough to predict gas prices etcetera. However, at least one of the trade magazines for that category is dramatically lowering what they think non-gasoline sales may turn out to be in the second half. So, the question would be, do you feel that the C Store performance you saw in the June quarter is sustainable?
Dave West: That would be good question. I think if you look back historically, if you look at '06 and '07 category growth rates for total confectionary category in C Stores, there were around 3.5 % to 4% for those '06 and '07. What we saw in the second quarter for the category was around 4%, so that is fairly consisting with what historical growth rates would be. Our takeaway in the second quarter, for example our chocolate takeaway in the second quarter was up 3.7%, our non-chocolate was up 5.7%. We were not nearly as good as in refreshment as we needed to be. However, I mean that is the trend that up from us because we were pretty much flat in the first quarter on takeaway. So, we are not seeing a slowdown. Now what you are seeing is a change in the mix between pricing in units and you are also starting to see a mix change between standard and King as people are trying to digest the value equation. Right now, the categories have historically done reasonably well. We are cautiously optimistic that we put good programming in place and added a lot of retail coverage there to keep our trend rate going on forward. However, we are very intimately involved with the (inaudible) Industry Association and we are helpful as part of the thought leadership where the industry is going. So over very careful to make sure that this is such an important challenge for us that we are doing a right thing from a programming standpoint. However, so far, we are pleased with our takeaway, even the categories still continue to be pretty good. 
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan:  Okay. Clearly the deal has closed yet. However, you are looking at some pretty formidable competition, what is in the event that Wrigley and Marsh combined. Can you give us a sense what the early planning is at Hershey for how to do deal with this?
Dave West: Actually I will not.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: I am utterly flowered with.
Dave West: I am not going to surprise you by not giving you specifics Terry. However, as I said, we’ve a respect for Mars as a competitor. We’ve respect for Wrigley as a competitor. So we will certainly have respect for Mars and Wrigley together. There are number of things within the category where we still continue to feel very good about our business. Obviously, we’ve got great brands and they combined we still got great brand. So, we will obviously watch what they do closely, but we continue to be very pleased with our business in terms of the brands. Our presence in the IO, our seasonal presence and some of those things that we think are competitive advantages thus including our retail sales force. So, we are going to focus on who we are and what we do well and continue to do that. We believe that we’ve some advantages that we will continue to take to the market.
Terry Bivens – JPMorgan: Okay. Just one last quick thing. These obsolescent costs, we’ve had these for a while, how much longer do you think these will be mentioned?
Dave West: Obsolescence has improved year-on-year. To some extent, as we focused more on core and some of the limited addition products has made its way through the market. We believe that it is an improving trend for us and one that we’ve a lot of focus on these days.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: I mean, is it still out there in the inventory, Bert is that the problem.
Bert Alfonso: Well not necessarily from that perspective. My point is we are much more focused on making improvements in all aspects of our business given our cost pressures. So we’ve resources that are put against making sure that obsolescence as low as candy. We are pleased with our year-on-year improvement in obsolescence, and we think we continue to make gains there.
Terry Bivens - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Bert Alfonso: Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning.
Dave West: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I have two questions. One is, how far long you in the pace of increasing your retail coverage, and where do you think that can go and where are the major gaps that you still have?
Dave West: Yes, Ken good. We hired the associates really starting like late third quarter and the fourth quarter last year. So, they are on board. The third quarter again will be incrementally year-over-year from a cost standpoint for the large part, and from our stand point we are starting to get very good productivity from them, as there training is, it starts to be large will complete by now. You see it in our food share, which continues to get better. You are starting to see it in our traction and convenience stores as well. So, we are feeling that we are getting the bank or the buck that we’ve made the investment in. There is always the opportunities to continue to find tune coverage models. We continue to look at that and one of the advantages of our sales forces is that we can dynamically route to the extent that we’ve promotional changes and opportunities at certain accounts that will not change. As you know, we do not cover drug stores right now and one of the other things that we are really doing right now is we’ve a new technology platform that we are just rolling out, which will allow us to have upgraded handheld units for the sales force. They are getting them right now and that will improve not only their productivity, but also their ability to sell at retail. Our sales force is always sold very actively at retail and they will continue to do so and we actually given them even better tools to do that going forward.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. The second question is, in terms of the refreshment side of the business, I know, you are focusing a lot on the chocolate. Can you just talk about what are the initiatives you are looking to do on that side or are you putting the refreshment side really on the backburner?
Dave West: No, we actually have some news on refreshment coming out in the back part of the year. We’ve the Ice Cubes, whitening gum coming out in the back part of the year. We’ve many some mini Mint tins from an Ice Breakers standpoint coming out in the back part of the year and some BreathSavers some new work on the BreathSavers brand. So we are working against that. Right now given the focus that we put, we’ve really focused our first and foremost on our core chocolate businesses. They are biggest brand. So, we think about it is Reese's and Hershey's brand as well as, as working on Kisses and Hershey's Bliss. Those we think are the opportunities that have the biggest return in the biggest bang for the buck for us this year. What we are doing within refreshment is where we think we’ve advantage, which is likely more in Zylatol based gum, like the Ice Cubes products, as well as in mints, where we think we had a leadership position. We will focus our resources more there, but we are not going play as broadly across the entire gum category against some of that competition.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Is it fair that you are trying to resize the refreshment categories within Hershey, are you looking to stabilize the brand share or that is what I am to trying to figure out?
Dave West: Yes, I think it is actually a very valid question and what we’ve said is as we go, we are going to refocus, I think much more of our attention towards mint and little bit less on gum as we go towards 2009. We need to be a lot smarter about the way the category dynamics for that sub-segment work, it tends to be a much more pull driven rather than a push driven and as the number three competitor, you need to be a lot more nimble, because you just can not afford the investment and pull that the other guys can. So, we are re-looking at the way we approach that business model and that is about where I would like to leave it.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate it. Good luck.
Dave West: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Wachovia.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Good morning.
Dave West: Good morning
Bert Alfonso: Good morning.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: I wanted to ask about the brand building investment. For the full year, I am hearing a couple of things you increased brand building very nicely but there is also ton of new products out there that are (inaudible) themselves pretty nicely too. Could you, if it is possible maybe Bert could you give us a sense of X new products? What consumer brand building investment increase would be purely against the core, if you just took the core for or however you would like to slice that?
Bert Alfonso: Yes. I mean, we do not really breakout support against the different components of the portfolio. What I would tell you is that we are very focused on few new products frankly certainly, Bliss, certainly Starbucks, Dave already mentioned some of the selected opportunities we are looking at on the gum side. There is no doubt that when you look at the increases that we’ve made particularly on the advertising side, which were more brand specific that they are against Hershey's REESE and KISSES and Hershey within that franchise I include Bliss and Starbucks which he have talked about. We also do not makeup a lot of noise around what we do internationally but certainly we are very focused on key brands in some of our international market such as Mexico and Brazil and more recently in India and China and those tend to follow either a very similar pattern, they are either part of the Hershey brand core type of investment or like there was specific product like PELON PELO RICO in Mexico, which is a big product in Mexico itself. So, it is pretty targeted the increases in terms of where we are replacing our best. Then things like the sales force obviously cover the entire portfolio, although obviously they also and from a placement perspective key on core brand.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: I guess, but would it be fair to say that you are spending against core brands would be up?
Dave West: Definitely, yes.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Okay.
Bert Alfonso: Absolutely.
Dave West: Absolutely is. The numbers that we’ve quoted on advertising the 20% and 25% depending on the quarters that you are talking about are very much focused on those core brands.
Bert Alfonso: Rick, the continuity levels of advertising on the REESE'S brand for the first time in a number of years.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Sure.
Bert Alfonso: As I said we are running the Hershey's Pure campaign that I think some of you saw that will start up on the Hershey brand. We’ve very targeted and focused radio programs on certain other brands such as KIT KAT. So, we absolutely focused on the core as well as on the new items.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Just one follow-up Dave. You just mentioned historically new advertisings not kept up with the pace of sales. When you go back there has been a, if you look say five years ago advertising as a percent of sales was substantially higher. Do you think, you have a number in mind or an area in mind, where you think the right level of advertising level is for Hershey?
Bert Alfonso: I think that the things that you got out you have got to look at specifically few years ago we were spending on some things that just frankly were not core. We had a lot of spending on snacks particularly on cookies. We were spending on some brands and businesses that frankly did not really work well. So…
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: I guess Dave I was thinking about long before that even just in the history you the company?
Dave West: Yes. I think we are not going to certainly give an external target of what we think the ultimate right answer is. We are increasing it pretty substantially this year. We are increasing it fairly substantially next year. I think when you run that through the algorithm it starts to look very comparable to where we would have been back in 2001, 2002 timeframe.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Good.
Dave West: On a percentage basis.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia: Great. Well, thank you very much.
Dave West: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Dave West:  Hi, Eric.
Bert Alfonso:  Good morning, Eric.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch:  Couple of questions about components of top line growth I think you said that the net price realization was 3.5% and volume was down a half a point I believe that would imply that mix was favorable half point. Can you just elaborate on mix a bit I know there is a lot of moving pieces here considering you have some negative mix factors like you mentioned and consumers being a bit more value conscious and going for standard size versus king size what was driving the overall mix improvement?
Dave West: Actually Eric from a mix standpoint, mix is pretty much neutral. I think, what you are mixing and matching is the price and volume I think that Bert quoted included the international business.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Dave West: So, when you look at the underlying U.S. business, we had price up and volume down slightly and a little bit of mix was pretty much neutral within the quarter. So and this is the second quarter is the quarter that has the least amount of seasons in it. So, it tends to be much more skewed towards the instant consumable part of the business, which is where we’ve got some pricing. So, the U.S. volume declines were really in the snacks and the mix part of the business and core confectionary volume in the quarter was flattish. So, most of the U.S. gains in the second quarter were price related and mix is almost not a factor.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Along the lines that you mentioned in terms of seasons and the like, I know that seasons were on a major factor in the second quarter. However, going back to June clearly there was much more of a focus in your presentation on seasons and packaged candy versus instant consumables I realized lot of your innovation this year is surrounding package candy or things like Bliss. It does mark a bit of a change in focus from the past few years. Could you talk a little bit about how you see that impacting mix going forward and the strategic rationale for this the somewhat changed focus?
Dave West: I do not think we’ve changed our focus at all. I think what we still recognize the instant consumable part of our portfolio is a large part of the business and very profitable. We’ve had our challenges in the convenience class of trades, but in the second quarter we started to see a better takeaway out for us. We still trial the category a little bit but that was largely because of the softness that we had in our refreshment business the takeaway on core chocolate and non- chocolate was pretty t good in convenience. I think what we’ve talked about is the focus for us seasonally. The season still continues to attract the largest breath of users across the category most consumers are in the category during the season. It is an important part of the business and when we got to find the right balance going forward in terms of providing profitable solutions for us in retailers. Then with respect to where the category has grown over the last couple of years is grown in premium and trade up and that premium and trade up has tended to be in take-home packages and not in instant consumable. So, as we’ve looked to make sure that we are growing in the segments of the category that are growing, our launches this year are much more focused in those areas. So, I do not think it is a shifting of our focus overall. We know how important that instant consumable business continues to be for us. It just happens to be in this year, where we were a little behind in our approach Hershey's Bliss, the REESE'S select items that are coming out and some programming that we’ve on our extra dark launch in the back half of the year. You will see us focused on that package candy like component. However, that is only because those are the segments that we were not competing as effectively in.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for the help there. Just one quick follow-up question. I think you or Bert mentioned that some of the price realization this quarter was driven by the January price increase. It would seem that the price protection you are offering or the promotional price point protection that you are offering to your customers a lot less than in the previous year. I think it took almost a year for last years price increase to be felt at retail. Am I reading that correctly that your price protection is less that you are offering your customers is less than it has been in previous years and what should we expect going forward in terms of the pace of realization of the January price increase?
Dave West:  No, we did not specifically comment on what a level of price protection was not versus the prior year, I think what you really saw in the second quarter was largely the carryover impact from last year. So, last year, we did price protect particularly on the standard bar part of the portfolio and overtime you pull that, you like to pull that "price protection" which is really not classically price protection from an accounting. I will say, we protect and promoted price points.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Sure.
Dave West: As we go into 2008 versus 2007 we start to cycle that in the second quarter largely, which you saw come through was the effect of the list pricing from last year without nearly as much protection with some of those promoted prices. So it is really I would not call out as a reflective of what you would necessarily see going forward with respect to the 2008 pricing yet. The reason is you saw good price realization in the second quarter. It tends to have the less the least amount of seasons in it and the items that we did take the most price on were the instant consumable. So, in the second quarter you would expect us to get a good amount of price and we did fortunately.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay. However, you did say some impact of the January price increase?
Dave West: I have to yes I mean 
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: This quarter?
Dave West: Yes that is the bad portion of the units that would sell on a non-promoted basis would go at full list price. So, you will have to see some.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks a lot for your help.
Dave West: Thank, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Alex Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Hi everyone.
Dave West: Good morning.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Some international expansion plans; I know you mentioned earlier that you keep things a little bit flexible right now. Could you talk about how you think about the prioritization between fixing the core U.S. business versus trying to get a little bit more of an international geographic footprint?
Dave West: They are both critically important. Obviously we are starting to see some traction within that fixing the core U.S business. Importantly, internally we do not believe, we are resource constrained and that we can do both and we’ve the investment to do both and the people to do both and we are currently as you note from the standpoint in the last several years here, we are very pleased with our progress in India and China. For example and continuing to roll REESE'S out for example as a global brand in the Mexico this year. So, we are making good progress. We’ve the Bauducco JV in Brazil. So, we’ve been able to help expand and strengthen our business internationally at the same time start to get some traction in the U.S. So, we do not view them as mutually exclusive activities.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: In terms of the joint ventures particularly the more recent ones that are established in India and China over the last couple of years. Are you seeing accelerating sales momentum there or might we expect to see an expansion of distribution coverage during 2009 and might we see anymore of those kinds of joint ventures being setup either in Asia or Latin America or Eastern Europe?
Bert Alfonso: Yes. I will not comment going forward on any M&A activities. What I will tell you is that we are particularly pleased for example with the Bauducco joint venture. They have proven to be a very strong partner for us and really have helped us in the market getting our products into right places at the right prices. Within China, last year was our first season as we go to the Chinese New Year season and that really will start up in the fall. We will continue to look at our distribution base versus last year and make sure that we’ve the products in the right places focused on the right cities. Within India, the Godrej partnership has been very good for us. We already had good distribution, given the fact that we bought some local, some gums, the Nutrine brand and Mahalacto. We are looking at our sales force coverage there and we believe that we will to expand that going forward.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Right. A quick follow-up on the pension expense for this year. It seems as though couple of years ago 2006 that was a fairly major expense items last year it looks as though it was a moderate positive. What is the outlook for that this year and what is driving those kinds of swings?
Dave West: Couple of things first I would say that we are very well funded in terms of pension and so from that perspective we do not anticipate there to be a funding requirement. If what you are getting out of the, the market downward movement in the markets clearly that does have an impact and we are watching that closely. It is early to tell exactly the impact because you have got another half a year to play out. So, it is not a funding issue for us. We do have gains from prior years that have helped us. So, right now it is something that potentially could be a non-cash expense next year.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thank you very much. I will pass it on.
Dave West: Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi. Just very quickly, just to reiterate, you are increasing compared to your prior plan how much advertising and promotion you want to spend. How much of that increase is going to be promotion versus advertising?
Bert Alfonso: Yes, Rob. I just want to make sure to be clear, advertising in 2008 is going to be up over 20%. So, we are not really saying that we are increasing our commitment to that and I think it was….
Dave West: I think, if you back to the June 17th presentation I believe we said advertising would be up a bit over 20% and I think Bert just put a range on it now when he said about around 25.
Bert Alfonso: Yes.
Dave West: So, there is really no change from the thought process in June. 
Bert Alfonso:  Yes. There was a tier as we’ve talked about there is a little a bit of timing issue. It is a little stronger in the second quarter Rob than we would expected, but that is just timing out of the first and third. So, we haven't changed the investment profile here at all for the year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Okay, so no changes in terms of couponing profile or trade spending profile for the year?
Dave West:  No.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you.
Dave West: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers:  Good morning.
Dave West:  Hi, Andrew, how are you?
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Good. Thank you. Just a quick one. I remember one distributor last year I think feared their inventories were a reaction to higher carrying costs. I am just curious what the positioning or inventory starts at the retailers are right now. You are seeing distributors potentially responding once again, as prices perhaps they continue to go up?
Dave West: Yes, I would say that a lot that adjustment did happened last year as the credit markets started to change and while we continued to see some work in terms of working capital from distributors. It has not been as impactful as it was last year, when the credit markets were started to put some pressure on folks and we are right now, we think, we believe we’ve very healthy inventory levels at our key customers.
Bert Alfonso:  Andrew they worked on really the latter part of last year and we haven't seen much of a reduction this year although there still has been a little bit but that is more conscious effort on our part as we focused much more about portfolio and got rid of some of the tails we just have less inventory
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks. Then, last going into back of the year given the merchandising plans you have also the expectation for more pricing to come through. Would you expect the top-line to play out largely like you have this quarter for a more pricing oriented and given the elasticity is trapping I think as you said coming in line with your expectations providing to be flattish or down a bit or given what is your plan, would you expect both pricing and volume to contribute in the back half?
Dave West: I think the mixed shift in the back half; the second quarter is as I said the smallest quarter. It is also the most focused on instant consumables and the programming is around Smores and some other things, which are going to be more instant consumable oriented. The Halloween and Holiday programming again tends to be more pounce and we did not have nearly as much as list pricing increase in those parts of the portfolio. So, I think this was probably from the price realization standpoint the most listed price you will see we will obviously continue to work it down. So, I think you will see a better balance as you go forward between pricing and volumes in the U.S. business. However, as I said I think we feel pretty good going forward the 3.5% top-line ex the Godrej acquisition in the second quarter is a good number for us given where we’ve been historically last couple of years and we continue to expect that we will do well in the second half, but probably a little less price realization and a little more volume because of the seasonal mix.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks very much.
Dave West: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Duvick with Banc of America.
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Yes. Good morning.
Dave West: Good morning.
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: A very quick question for you on the balance sheet you have got very modest short-term debt balance of $460 million and but a low of cash balance. I am just curious in terms of your funding, do you plan to keep that in short-term debt I assume that is commercial paper or do you have plans of trimming out a portion of that?
Dave West: Yes. Our short-term debt you are quite right is commercial paper and the change that you are seeing there are couple of things really too big drivers if you will. One was we did issued $250 million of long-term debt either at the end of Q1 or beginning of Q2. So, there was a direct conversion there between commercial paper and long-term debt and while we’ve enjoyed continued receptivity for our commercial paper. We just felt there was a little bit less exposure there in terms of the credit markets was the smart thing to do. The other driver clearly is the working capital benefits that we are seeing in the business, so it is keeping our debt levels relatively flat to down. Capital structure in particular is a Board decision. So, any changes that we make there are clearly discussed and agreed to at the Board level.
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Okay. So, it sounds like at this juncture anyway no plans to term out additional short-term debt in the capital markets?
Dave West: Well, again, we are not saying yes or no. It is something that we would have to discuss with the Board and that is the way we approach it.
Todd Duvick - Banc of America: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Good take. A follow-up, I think you talk to reference the market share and the consumer off taken 5% for both yourselves and the category. I assume if that was dollar terms. Can you say what it was on a unit or volume basis?
Dave West: Yes that was, again that is FDMxC and including Wal-Mart so that is the (inaudible) and that was an everyday number and just to make sure, if they took the seasonal [steal out] that is a 12 week number. Within those 12 weeks just to make sure I characterize it appropriately within the 12 weeks, it is a little hard to call that out because of the Easters SKU in the four weeks. So, with Easter being in March and not in April this year, there will be a huge unit fall off it is almost a relative number to give you. Let me give you eight weeks of numbers. Let me give you FDMxC now here this is measured FDMxC for the related eight weeks the category grew and pounds were up as well. So, the category pounds over the last eight weeks FDMxC were up around 3%. So there was a unit take off as well as a little bit of pricing in that eight week number. So, try to stripe that out and out and give you the numbers on an underlying basis there is volume growth in the category.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Did you keep up within, did you keep share in volume terms or did you loose share in volume?
Dave West: The category was up around 3%, we were up 2.9 so pretty much with the category. So, as you look at the second quarter, you look at the everyday basis that we gave you the 12 weeks of everyday basis we were up basically 10 basis points a share on that basis, if you look at the volume trends related to eight weeks basically flat with the category. So, the trend improvement is there and no matter how you slice the data and it is a tough quarter to do it in that is why we’ve as I said we’ve got some traction in the quarter which we feel good about no matter how you look at the data, when you look at it by class of trade we’ve got traction. So, we are pretty much held our own C story were down as I said 30 basis points during the quarter and again that was mostly in refreshment. So, overall no matter how you slice it in basis what I would leave you with a takeaway that we pretty much held our own in the category.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Okay thank you.
Dave West: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question is a follow up from Terry Bivens with JP Morgan.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Hi fellows, just one another quick one that occurred to me. To what extent is that new ABM cocoa processing plant in PA helping you out with the cocoa inflation?
Dave West: Again I do not, I will not go into a whole lot of specifics but we’ve done some outsourcing with some suppliers, Barry Callebaut is the one that we talk to most broadly about with respectful to chocolate liquor and some of our cocoa processing. You will see it as a -- particularly as a help in inventory, I think more than anything Terry because we do not, we are not holding nearly as much raw material in terms of cocoa beans as we would have in the past. From a cost standpoint, we tend to look at those as towing agreements because we still continue to win above the beans ourselves because we think that we do a pretty good job of that.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Okay. That would impart and explain the way inventories behaved over the past several quarters, would it not?
Dave West: Yes, it would, Terry.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Okay, thanks a lot.
Dave West: Thanks Terry, take care.
Terry Bivens - JP Morgan: Okay, bye, bye.
Operator: There are no more questions.
Dave West: Thank you for joining us today. Mark Pogharian and I will be available to take any follow up calls that any of you may have. Thank you.
Bert Alfonso:  Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's Hershey conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian – VP Investor Relations  Dave West - President and CEO Bert Alfonso - Senior Vice President and CFO 
Analysts: David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers Jon Feeney – Wachovia Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets David Palmer – UBS
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2008 Results. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Pogharian you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to The Hershey Company First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. Dave West, President and CEO, Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice President and CFO and I will represent Hershey on this mornings call. We welcome those of you listening by the webcast. Let me remind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statements which are forward looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward looking statements because the factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2007 file with the SEC. If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website, www.Hersheys.com in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheets and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statements of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we have said in the press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP; rather the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss our first quarter 2008 results excluding the net pre-tax charges. The majority of charges in both 2008 and 2007 are associated with the global supply chain transformation program announced in February 2007. These and pre-tax charges were $30.7 million in the first quarter of 2008 and $40.4 million in the first quarter of 2007. Our discussion of any future projections will also exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignment initiatives. With that let m turn the call over to Bert Alfonso.
Bert Alfonso: Good morning everyone. First quarter results were roughly in line with our expectations with a 0.6% growth on the top line generating earnings per share diluted from operations of $0.37 or 27% below the prior year due primarily to higher commodity costs and increased levels of overall consumer investment. Importantly our 2008 plans are on track to deliver full year net sales growth of 3% to 4% and EPS diluted from operations of $1.85 to $1.90. Let me provide some additional details. Net sales performance was in line with our internal forecast. As we stated back in January the first quarter was impacted by an unusually early Easter that resulted in fewer selling days and the mid-January decision to cancel the rollout of the Ice Breakers PACS product line. Net price realization of about two points in the quarter driven by the April 2007 price increase was more than offset by lower volumes as we wrapped the Kisses 100th Anniversary Promotion and last years launch of Reese’s Crispy Crunchy. Net sales for the quarter excluding the benefit of the Godrej acquisition were down about one point. The price increase we announced in January 28th had minimal impact on the quarter’s results. At retail the price of a standard bar will still be below $1.00. Post price increase announcement discussions with our retail customers who have also experienced operating costs have been positive.  Consistent with past practice we plan to honor a portion of the 2008 commitments related to plant promotion and merchandising events. We’ll therefore only partially benefit from the increase in 2008. Lastly, inventory levels at key distributors are at normalized levels and we did not experience any abnormal purchasing patters related the price increase. Turning now to marketplace performance, consumer take away for the 12 weeks ending March 23rd in channels that account for 80% of our retail business increased by 14.8%. This number clearly benefits from Easter that was about two weeks earlier than last year. As a reminder these channels include food, drug, mass, including Wal-Mart and convenience stores. Excluding seasonal activity, primarily Easter and Valentine retail take away was up 1.8%. Our take away in FDMXC excluding Wal-Mart was up 9% with market share off 0.8 points and reflects some improvement in the food class of trade as a result of increased retail coverage. Excluding seasonal activity, retail take away was about flat down 0.1% with share off 1.1 points. Category sales for Valentine in FDMX classes of trade were up 0.7%. As expected Easter sales declined of 12.3% due to the shorter selling period. As a result, we lost 1.4 share points in Valentine as competitive premium gift packages recorded increased consumer sales. In the Easter period we lost 0.7 share points and maintained a 34% share of the season, almost double that of the next leading manufacturer. Easter sell through was improved verses last year driven by Reese’s Peanut Butter Eggs and Cadbury Eggs. Reese’s benefited from new advertising that both ad week and advertising age recognized as the most light and most recalled spots. Now turning to margins, during the first quarter gross margin was down 220 basis points. As expected our total input costs basket was higher by 260 basis points in the first quarter. A portion of this was partially offset by favorable price and mix. Dairy costs were higher in the first quarter as the acceleration of these costs in 2007 did not occur until the second quarter. Our full year outlook for latest commodities has not changed. As such, we expect input costs to be up about $100 million year over year. We believe that we have good visibility to our costs for the remainder of this year. Net obsolescence costs were at normal levels in the quarter and were slightly favorable year over year. Outside the US Godrej Hershey business generated lower than company average gross margin and modestly impacted our gross margin in the quarter. This impact will dissipate as we lap the Godrej acquisition in May of this year. EBIT with margin was down 510 basis points as selling, marketing and administrative costs increased about 16.4% or 290 basis points as a percentage of sales versus the prior year. Advertising was up 18% in the quarter supporting Reese’s, Ice Breakers and other core brands. Consumer promotion was down slightly in the quarter but will increase during the remainder of the year to support new product launches in the US and in key international markets. For the year, we expect combined advertising and consumer promotion to be up about 20%. EBIT margin will also be affected by the cost of added retail coverage that began during the second quarter 2007 and higher related costs in our international expansion in India and China. We expect EBIT profile to improve in the second half as we lap these prior year investments. Now moving down the income statement, interest expense for the quarter decreased coming in at $24.4 million versus $28.3 million last year. Driven by lower short term interest rates on our commercial paper from about 100 basis points versus the first quarter of 2007. For the full year 2008 on a percentage basis we expect interest expense to be down about mid single digits. The tax rate for the first quarter was 34.8% in line with the prior year.  Note that the recorded tax rate is higher than the pro forma rate due to the effective tax rates applicable to business realignment charges. We anticipate a tax rate of about 39% in the second quarter and 36% for the full year. We had average shares outstanding on a diluted basis in the quarter with 229 million versus 234 million shares for the first quarter 2007 leading to EPS of $0.37 per share diluted from operations. Now let me turn to our balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the first quarter net trading capital decreased versus last year’s first quarter resulting in cash in flow of $186 million. Accounts receivable were down $107 million and remain extremely current and of high quality. The collection of seasonal accounts receivable is a key driver in the quarter when comparing year over year receivables. Inventory was lower by $45 million compared to the first quarter last year and accounts payable increased by $34 million. We expect working capital will improve in 2008 primarily driven by inventory reduction in the second half of the year but not at the same rate as achieved in the first quarter. During the quarter capital additions including capitalized software were $71 million. For 2008 we are targeting total capital additions to be in a range of $300 to $325 million driven by the global supply chain transformation program. Depreciation and amortization was $68 million in the quarter, this includes accelerated deprecation related to the global supply chain transformation of $21 million and operating depreciation and amortization of $47 million in the quarter. In 2008 we are forecasting total deprecation and amortization of $250 million including accelerated deprecation and amortization of approximately $60 million. Dividends paid during the first quarter were $66 million. During the quarter we did repurchase $18 million of our common shares in the open market to replace shares issued in connection with employee stock options being exercised. Our goal is to repurchase all such shares. We did not acquire any stock in the first quarter related to the current repurchase program. There is $100 million outstanding on the current authorization that the Board approved in December of 2006. Value added share buy backs are an important consideration in our capital structure valuation. In the current volatile credit environment share repurchases are assessed against the company’s short term cash flow, financing requirements and investment alternatives. In the near term we will emphasize financial flexibility to satisfy our cash requirements including higher levels of capital expenditures related to the global supply chain transformation program, dividends, and existing joint venture investments while maintaining a strong credit rating that ensures ready access to the capital markets. Progress continues to be made by our Hershey Godrej business in India. We are producing Hershey branded milk mix locally and are working to build distribution and brand awareness especially in the southern part of the country. The hard candy MCC business is focusing on the Maha Lacto brand and expanding distribution in the west near Mumbai and in northern provinces. We will lap the acquisition of the Godrej business in early May. We expect the business to grow year over year and have a positive impact on net sales. However, we do not expect any meaningful contribution to earnings given our investment plans to build the business.  In China we continue to make progress and now have full manufacturing capabilities to support our portfolio roll out. We are successfully manufacturing Hershey’s Chocolate Bars in China. These products are specially formulated for Chinese consumers and will help us build a presence in the market. While we currently have less than five share in China our brands are well accepted especially in larger cities such as Shanghai. Similar to India, we expect net sales in China to grow. However, due to brand distribution investment requirements we don’t expect significant profits in the near term. During 2008 the Lotte sales and marketing organization will begin selling and marketing Hershey products in Japan as well as Korea. Now for an update on the global supply chain transformation that was announced in February of 2007. During the quarter we reported global supply chain realignment charges of $26.4 million pre-tax including $25 million of accelerated depreciation write offs in cost of sales and $1.4 million reported in selling, marketing and administrative expenses reflecting program management costs. These charges reduced earnings per share by $0.08 on a reported basis. For 2008 our estimate is total pre-tax charges and non-recurring project implementation costs will be in the $140 to $160 million. Total three year ongoing savings remain in the $170 to $190 million range with a significant savings increase in 2008 compared to 2007. We expect cumulative savings to reach roughly $90 million in 2008 skewed to the second half of the year. Our estimate of total pre-tax charges in non-recurring project implementation costs remain at $525 to $575 million including project management and start up costs of $50 million. Construction of the Monterrey, Mexico facility and relocation of manufacturing lines within our existing network are on schedule and initial production has commenced in Monterrey. Certain production line transfers to our Stuarts Draft, Lancaster and West Hershey facilities have been completed while others remain in process. We are very satisfied with our progress to date although there is a lot to accomplish in the coming months to complete the project and remain on schedule. During the fourth quarter conference call we announced the restructuring of our business in Brazil and the formation of a joint venture with Bauducco. As part of the restructuring we recorded pre-tax business realignment and impairment charges of $4.3 million in this year’s first quarter. It should be noted that this is not part of the global supply chain transformation program. The integration is progressing well and we have already initiated our go to market strategies to fully leverage the scale of budget those capabilities to drive growth from improved distribution and in store brand execution. Finally let me now talk about the outlook for 2008. For the full year we continue to anticipate net sales growth of 3% to 4%. Marketplace performance will sequentially improve throughout the year driven by the launch of Hershey’s Bliss and Starbucks and increased levels of merchandising, advertising and retail coverage. We expect that EBIT margin will be lower year over year due to the higher input costs already mentioned and increased investment in advertising, consumer promotion and selling expenses in the US and selected international markets. As a result, for the full year 2008 EPS diluted from operations remains in the $1.85 to $1.90 range. Now let me turn it over to Dave, he will provide you with additional commentary.
Dave West: Good morning everyone. As Bert just highlighted our sales and earnings performance during the quarter was in line with our expectations. We made significant progress on initiatives that will benefit net sales and earnings throughout the remainder of the year and beyond. Importantly Hershey’s Bliss and Starbucks products shipped to customers on schedule in mid-March. Consumer and customer excitement around both product lines is high.  Consumer investment including advertising, sampling and merchandising accelerates in the second quarter to ensure the success of these launches. We also invested in our core brands in the first quarter and will continue to do so throughout 2008 to strengthen our position in the marketplace. Retail take away market share in the quarter were impacted by an early Easter. Last year Easter was on April 8th more than two weeks later than 2008.  Therefore, when we see IRI Nielsen data for the next quad, the four weeks ending April 20 it will show a significant decline in category Hershey Retail Sales. I would also expect softer chocolate market shares in the next period; the gum category most likely will have a disproportionate effect on the total confectionary category as it is not impacted by Easter seasonality. Easter timing aside, Hershey’s marketplace performance is improving albeit slowly. Specifically in the food class of trade, take away has sequentially improved in four consecutive four week periods driven by increased retail coverage. We expect to build on this as we work our way through the year. In the convenience class of trade there are also early signs of improvement again, driven by additions to merchandising coverage. After a soft January the total category in C stores rebounded and was up about 3% in both February and March. This translated to a 2.3% gain for the quarter. Our performance in this important channel also improved. For the 12 weeks ended March 23 our retail take away in the C store class of trade declined 2.2% resulting in a share loss of 1.2 points. While we certainly are not satisfied with this performance it is markedly improved versus the fourth quarter. Going forward, increased levels of core brand merchandising and unique programs such as our Reese’s with Coke partnership and cash for gas where consumers can instantly win free gas when they purchase a candy bar will result in further marketplace improvement in this channel. Among the most exciting 2008 initiatives are the launches of Hershey’s Bliss and Starbucks. These additions enhance our premium trade of portfolio and will enable Hershey to build scale in these sub-segments. Products started shipping in March and we have achieved our introductory distribution targets across food, drug and mass retail outlets. Strong introductory merchandising and display activity is driving initial take away. Hershey’s Bliss advertising began airing March 31st and will accelerate in the coming months driving awareness in trail. We are pleased with the early results as Hershey’s Bliss is tracking as planned. In conjunction with the Hershey’s Bliss advertising campaign we announced the unique promotion to generate some consumer buzz. Specifically we invited 10,000 consumers to host a Hershey’s Bliss chocolate party over the week ended April 25, targeting female chocolate lovers the parties will celebrate everyday bliss by gathering friends and family to share personal stories while sampling Hershey’s newest indulgence. We received an overwhelming number of requests and have garnered over seven million impressions to date. Every host will receive a party pack that includes three flavors of Hershey Bliss chocolate and take home gift bags for guests filled with various Hershey’s promotional merchandise. Starbucks is launched primarily in the food, drug and mass classes of trade with on air advertising scheduled to start in the next few weeks. To drive excitement, variety and news additional Starbucks skus will be launched throughout the year. For example, in mid-May we will launch instant consumable lineup featuring milk, dark and mocha bars as well as chocolate covered mini coffee beans in a tin. In August we’ll over Starbucks 18 count truffle assortment gift box and in the fourth quarter we’ll come to market with Carmel Macchiato. During the holiday season the Starbucks lineup includes Egg Nog Latte, Peppermint Mocha and Gingerbread Latte Truffles in standup bags as well as an assorted holiday gift box. This lineup will help us to be more effective in the gifting component of seasons. A combination, a variety of advertising and consumer sampling will bring excitement to this premium lineup all year long with a particularly strong Q2 investment. As Bert stated advertising will be up more than 20% in 2008. Some of it supports Hershey Bliss and Starbucks but is also supports the core. For example, the Reese’s franchise will be on air all year. This brand responds very well to advertising. Retail take away on the Reese’s franchise was up significantly in the quarter including Easter specific advertising featuring the Reaster Bunny. The standard lose and king size businesses were up over 8% at retail driven by higher levels of base business merchandising behind the on air frequency. During the quarter ad age recognized our Reese’s advertising as the second most like new TV spot for the month of March and Ad Week named four of our upcoming Reese’s spots as break through and compelling and listed them as favorites. We were also pleased with the way the Ice Breakers franchise responded to our Super Bowl ad, results were immediate. In FDMXC our Ice Cubes gum business generated a 10 point improvement in trend in February and then again in the March quad. Our advertising campaign complemented with national SSIs will continue throughout 2008 and we anticipate further sales growth as Ice Cubes gains additional distribution and increased retail velocity. This reconfirms what we know about Ice Breakers, when we combine unique, innovative, and exciting ideas the brands respond. We have other refreshment news in the second quarter and the second half. Investment on our core brands will continue throughout the year. A combination of advertising, increased retail coverage and greater levels of merchandising will occur. These include the Hershey Smores Brad Paisley promotion, Reese’s sponsorship of the upcoming Batman movie The Dark Knight, the US Summer Olympic Team sponsorship and various NASCAR events and promotions. As investment in our core brands ramp up new product launches gain momentum and retail merchandising gains traction marketplace performance should improve. As we look to emerging markets we are pleased with the progress being made in India and China. In India we are investing in go to market capabilities and consumer activities. While costly in the near term we are building brand equity and awareness. In country production of Hershey’s branded milk mix is ramping up and obviously gets the trust Hershey name out in front of the consumer. This is the first step of several in a Hershey branded chocolate expansion in India. In China our manufacturing [inaudible] is in place. We have built the capabilities to bring locally preferred products to market. Building brand awareness, getting trial and repeat and increasing distribution are the priorities we are focused on. We are incorporating what we learned from our first Chinese New Year effort into the remainder of our plans for 2008. The opening of Hershey’s Shanghai Chocolate World will have a positive impact on generating consumer consciousness. The store will be located in the center of Shanghai in one of the busiest pedestrian areas of the city. Renovation work is progressing and we are targeting to open the store before the start of the Olympic Games. The integration of the Hershey Bauducco business in Brazil is off to a great start. We are very excited about this move and our initial progress. Bauducco brings a long track record of success in categories similar to ours, has a powerful distribution organization and shares our conviction about Hershey’s opportunity in the $2.5 billion Brazilian chocolate market. Our 2008 priority is to drive growth through improved distribution and brand execution in store. As Bert highlighted the global supply chain transformation program is on track. We expect to recognize the majority of the 2008 global supply chain savings in the second half of the year as production in Monterey wraps up and we complete the relocation of manufacturing line from closed plants into existing US facilities. Let me wrap up. We are making progress, while it is slower than we would like, we do see the initial signs of improving marketplace trends. We’ll gain further traction as Hershey’s Bliss and Starbucks continue to roll out. Increased retail coverage is working as we move further into 2008 I would expect the new sales associates to be past the learning curve in delivering added value in the store behind improved retail programming. In store programs will benefit from advertising that will be up double digits each quarter the rest of the year. Our international businesses are gaining traction. This gives us confidence that net sales will grow 3% to 4% in 2008. While commodity futures and spot prices remain volatile we have good visibility into our input costs basket for the remainder of the 2008. Combined with increased levels of consumer investment in both North America and international markets we continue to expect earnings per share diluted from operations of $1.85 to $1.90 per share. We’ll have more information to share with you at our June 17th investor update in New York City. For now we’ll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: I had a couple of questions here. The first question was on new product launches, so Bliss and Starbucks launched in March both of them, were they a net contribution when you look at the year over year comparisons on volumes or were new product launches in the year ago period in fact a headwind in the quarter? Is that question clear?
David West: Yes, the question is clear. If you compared us to year ago total new products were somewhat higher when we launched Reese’s Crispy Crunchy and a number of other products. Having said that, we met and/or exceeded our internal expectations in forecast for Bliss and Starbucks on a combined basis.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Do you see net favorability on new product launches getting better throughout the year or is it going to remain a headwind?
David West: I think as we look at the rest of the year importantly perhaps we think that the launches that we do have particularly Bliss and Starbucks but as well as some of the other things in refreshment are going to be much more incremental than they were last year but I wouldn’t expect us to have a big contribution from new products year over year for the rest of the way.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: My next major question is Kisses and Kit Kat continue to show up in the Nielsen data pretty negatively, can you talk to us about what’s wrong with those two brands and what do you have in store for us through 2008 that would give us some insight as to how you’re going to fix those?
David West: Part of what’s happening on Kisses is obviously because it is such a large component of the seasonal program with the shorter Easter you would expect to have less Kisses sold just based on seasonal compression year over year. We also had the 100th Anniversary last year in the first quarter and so we had a lot of Kisses activity that we simply just didn’t cycle this year. That would be the tactical answer; the more strategic question on Kisses for us is positioning the brand taking advantage of the brand equity to meet some unmet consumer needs in areas where we currently aren’t playing with the brand. We’ll have some more on that to tell you about as the year unfolds but for now I don’t want to go any further than that. It certainly is something that is on our radar screen, its one of our best and most iconic brand equities and we know we can do a better job with it.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Any statements on Kit Kat?
David West: Actually it depends on where you are looking at the data. The Kit Kat C store business is pretty good, we have a great Kit Kat and coffee tie in with a number of retailers and some end market activated radio behind that program. If you look at Kit Kat in FDMX you’re going to see some seasonal compression because of the package candy aspects around Kit Kat in the seasons.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Last quick question, does Easter have any impact on the second quarter, the Easter timing?
David West: It should be minimal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: I just wanted to touch on your comments relative to pricing. It did sound like you were maybe facing a little more resistance to passing that through than I’d expected. You are remaining committed obviously to the ramp in product support but maybe if you could comment on whether or not you expect to see any retailer’s resistance to the pricing initiatives you have already announced?
David West: Let me take that in two buckets. You’ll remember last April we announced the price increase, last April 2007, let me be clear on that since we’re in April 2008. April 2007 we announced a price increase on standard loose and king and on the six packs and some of the other vending packs, etcetera. When we did that we also said last year that we would honor a lot of the promoted price points that we had planned out for the rest of the year.  We didn’t see a lot of net price realization from that in 2007 although in the first quarter 2008 we did get, I think Bert said, roughly two points of price realization from that. The price increase that we announced in January 28th on the same pack types or similar pack types as last year really didn’t impact the first quarter. As we look going forward for the rest of the year we would expect to continue to get better realization on the 2007 price increase and then also while we’ll spend back against that 2008 price increase to hit some of the price points we should see price realization being a benefit for the rest of the year. From a retail standpoint it’s an environment where pretty much across the store prices are higher, inputs are higher. I wouldn’t say that there’s any more or less customer resistance to price this year than there would have been in any other period of time.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: On your launch of premium product into what is presumably a relatively weaker economic environment, have you seen any shift in consumer preference between premium and your everyday business and could it in fact be a big stimulus to your everyday business where you’ve seen maybe some weakness in the past?
David West: No, I think the price points on this category when you talk trade up and premium versus mainstream but the price premium and the differences aren’t that significant when you look at package price points. Its something we are certainly watching but it’s too early in the market to read Starbucks and Bliss; we just shipped it in the middle of March. Obviously we’ll continue to monitor it but the category tends to be one that consumers have a pretty high interaction with. Regardless of the economy we would expect it to continue to be a relatively good category for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic with JP Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan: On the ad spend, when you are saying that it’s going to be up 20% this year what’s the base. I’m trying to calculate in terms of a percentage of sales. Ad spend on my numbers is about 2.5% so 20% increase means about 50 basis points of sales.
David West: We actually haven’t been giving specific numbers. You can kind of glean them from a number of things that we either file. We are talking 20%, we are talking…
Bert Alfonso: Off the ’07 basis which was in the K of close to $128 million.
David West: You can start from that number and I don’t want to get any more specific because you talk working, non-working, US, International, etcetera. I don’t want to get into a lot more specific than that. Suffice to say we are increasing it and we’re increasing it each quarter and it’s supporting our new initiatives but also importantly supporting the core brands in the Reese’s advertising copy has proven to be very effective and is resonating with consumers.
Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan: A follow up, operating margin is down 500 basis points in the first quarter. They way I understand your guidance for the year that guidance implies about a 200 basis point lower operating margin for the year. Based on your answers to previous questions does this mean that we should expect the savings to come where, most on the gross margin front or the SG&A side? In the first quarter gross margins roughly down 200 basis points, SG&A up 300 basis points. How should we think of those two variables as the year progresses?
Bert Alfonso: I’m not going to comment on gross margin because we do not comment on gross margin specifically. You can think of it as two major impacts. One is the commodities which we are pretty quantitative about; we said it was 260 basis points that impacted us in the first quarter. We’ve talked about the year on year being a similar 100 million from the input basket. The other is that we do have a pretty significant ramp up in our advertising which just talked about. Our selling expenses as well as we get a full year of the impact of the additional retail sales folks.  We have G&A which is higher so really those two big buckets. It’s input costs which has some offset in price realization and supply chain savings which are back in sku as well as the additional SM&A investments that we’re making during the year. There is some timing as well from the International investments which largely took place in the back half of last year and so they have a disproportionate impact on our first half.
Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan: Remind us what are the savings here from the global supply transformation, have you given guidance for the year in that regard? 
Bert Alfonso: We have, I think in my comments earlier I mentioned that the cumulative impact, it would be last year plus this year, this year should be at a run rate of about $90 million. That total remains in the $170 to $190 million. Those savings are back end loaded in the year as well as the manufacturing facility in Monterrey comes on stream.
Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan: When I think of your strategy on new products on the premium side I understand what you are doing but in terms of single sales in the past there was a big push in terms of single serves and I don’t hear that so much any more in the new strategy. How should we think about single serves or do you find that in terms of single serves mix you’re already well developed in that particular segment?
Dave West: We certainly have very specific convenience store programming partnered with Coke we have a number of other initiatives going on. We added a significant amount of retail coverage to help sell at the store level in the upcoming months. That’s starting to get online and get ramped up and then as we execute our programming in the second and third quarter specifically a lot of the NASCAR and the Reese’s Batman The Dark Knight events we have a lot of very specific convenience store activity there. We still are very focused on that and also it is an area where we have taken some price increases and we would expect to see price realization coming from our single serve business.
Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan: One very last one, in terms of Bliss and Starbucks can you just remind us of roughly what are going to be the price points you mentioned it would be on the distribution channels just remind us and how are the two products different and who are they really competing with in which segments?
David West: The Hershey’s Bliss product is competing much more in the trade up arena and we would expect to see promotionally usually two bags for $6 price point on the Hershey’s Bliss product line. The Starbucks offering you won’t see it promoted as frequently and the price points are going to vary. It’s going to depend on outlet and it’s going to depend on retailers and pack side. I think we’ve given it before and why don’t you give a call back and Mark will give you some of the specifics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns: A couple of follow ups on the top line, I guess you begin shifting Bliss and Starbucks did you say mid-March?
David West: Correct.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns: Would your top line have been negative without that pipeline fill?
David West: I think we said comparatively we had new product activity in the first quarter of last year that would have had some fill on it and we had some fill on Bliss and Starbucks in this quarter. If we hadn’t shipped that that was in our plan to ship all along we would have had lower top line.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns: Are you getting incremental space at your existing accounts with those two lines?
David West: It’s actually hard to just say those two lines because the way category management works you do a full review with the customer and you don’t just specifically put one initiative and take one initiative out, you look at the entire body of work if you will for the category. We are getting specifically with Starbucks much better perimeter of the store racking for our entire premium lineup including Scharffen Berger, Dagoba and Joseph Schmidt. It’s hard to say, it’s not like pulling one, one goes in, one goes out this was done with a lot of floor planning so you have category management doing the totality of the category at the same time.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns: From your answer though it sounds like maybe you did get some incremental with this, is that correct?
David West: As I said, certainly on Starbucks the intent was to get incremental space around the perimeter of the store to get better premium display for our entire portfolio.
Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns: Last thing, you just mentioned them then, but in terms of Dagoba, Scharffen Berger, Schmidt you didn’t seem to say much about those in the commentary, how are you looking at those now?
David West: As I said, the important thing is as we come with more scale across the portfolio and Starbucks certainly gives us that it allow us to then activate our category strength and advantage which is selling at retail and much better retail coverage. We now have enough scale to do a premium setup and put up. The brands Scharffen Berger and Dagoba and Schmidt particularly as well as Hershey’s Cacao Reserve will be part of our programming going forward and so it should help those businesses by getting some scale in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: I guess I have a question about input costs, I know you have your hedging programs and you’re reluctant to comment often specifically but I assume because you are still comfortable with earnings and are still comfortable with the dollar amount of input costs that you must be fairly well hedged on cocoa given the run that its had in the last 90 days. Is that fair to say?
David West: I think what we would reiterate, it was the comment that I made which perhaps is what you are asking about is that we feel that at this point we believe that we do have good visibility to our ’08 cost basket. The market remains at very high levels for commodities and certainly there’s volatility that we haven’t experienced in a while. Having said that there are parts of the market where there is no forward market such as fluid milk so we are monitoring that carefully. We’ve had an impact in the first quarter year on year because of when that escalated last year. Yes, I would reiterate that internally we feel pretty good about ’08 within what I would put into context is a volatile and above average price market.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: Looking longer term how do you feel about the, we don’t have a whole lot of visibility on it, how do you feel about the basket of inputs given that on some of it suppose like peanuts and dairy there isn’t an ability to hedge and I guess there’s kind of a multi year cycle in terms of growth of the cocoa beans. How should we think about longer term? Is there as much of a bias up in your basket as for let’s say a more diversified package food company?
David West: I’m not going to comment on ’09 or beyond ’08 at this stage. Needless to say it’s a volatile market and prices are high and I’m not sure if a different food manufacturer is impacted by different inputs. We do look at it as a basket and we’re not just focused on the cost side but we’ve very focused on the parts that we can manage. Part of that is how we manage our pricing and part of that is aggressively pursuing all of the objectives of the global supply chain transformation which we feel good about. We really have to look at both sides of it not just the cost side from external perspective but how much we control internally and we feel pretty good about what we are doing internally.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank: My last question is a follow up. I think it was when you first were named CEO you made a comment that the company was going to need to look through its pricing and some of us maybe mistakenly thought that that might involve decreases but then you subsequently raised prices but I think you would kind of talk about segmentation and adjusting prices to reflect segmentation. Can you talk a little bit more about that and how does the price increase that you put through earlier this calendar year play into that?
David West: I’ll give you just a little flavor for that. I think when we talked last year we talked about price value. Price value is still something that we are obviously constantly monitoring how consumers are feeling about it and in an environment with today’s current macro economic situation the price value equation is something that we really need to be concerned about and continue to monitor. When I referenced that last year, for me it was much more a question of how do we bring value, how do we fill unmet consumer needs and then are there things that we can do to the product line either the product itself, the package, the packaging within the portfolio, the way the shelf looks for consumers to shop and how that interplay happens.  We have a lot of consumer research that is fielded and is back. We have segmentation we are working through and we’ll be talking about that as we go forward in the year about what things we see and things we can do to improve our top line as well as our price value perception with consumers. There’s a lot of work, an incredibly large body of work internally going on and I will be sharing that with customers and consumers and with you as the year unfolds. That work is certainly ongoing, and one of the most important things that we are working through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: I’m just wondering whether you could talk about C store take away in a little bit more detail. The core chocolate business versus the refreshment business, if I remember correctly last year one of the areas that you were particularly struggling in, in C stores was the gum and mint side. As we look forward your optimism about improving C store trends how much of that is predicated on improvement in the Ice Breakers franchise.  It seems that competition in that area is probably going to be increasing this year with Wrigley’s increased focus on regaining some of their share that they lost to Cadbury and Cadbury’s increased focus on their core confection business post the spin off of beverages. Broadly could you give us a sense of what you saw in the first quarter in terms of C store take away for chocolate versus refreshment and then what you’re looking at going forward?
David West: Refreshment continues to do a little bit better than chocolate in convenience stores at the current time. Although category growth in chocolate improved each month of the last quarter. Chocolate take away in C stores improved through the first quarter. We also improved our business, although we still lost a little bit of share and its interesting the growth is more in King size than it is in standard bars. That’s about as much as I’ll give you but why do we feel the need, the reason we continue to grow there, our Ice Cubes business has responded to the program that we put in place.  Our gum business is doing a little bit better. Mints are still struggling a little bit and we have some things coming later in the year in our refreshment business some news as well. I think we can get the refreshment business to perform a little better as the year goes on. Importantly we’ve got significant retail coverage increasing convenience store this year which we think is going to help our distribution, its going to help us on shelf, its going to help us execute programming and sell in a number of new initiatives this year and I think our overall C store programming from a shipper standpoint is better than it was last year. We feel that we have the right programming in place, its building, it’s still early to assess but what we’ve seen some spots of improvement.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: To follow up on Dave’s question earlier about some of your core brand performance like Reese’s and Kisses. Kisses in particular had a pretty disappointing or alarming decline in the fourth quarter of last year. I know you cited a number of year on year factors that sort of distort comparability like the 100th Anniversary in the year ago period and the like. I’m wondering as you cut through some of those items that impact comparability could you talk in little bit more detail about performance of the core Kisses franchise and what you’re doing to revitalize that. If I remember correctly that was down something like 7% in consumer take away in the fourth quarter.
David West:
 : Certainly it is a brand that we know can do better and we do believe will be better in the future. Right now we’re lapping a lot of activity in the year ago period but again that aside the bigger question and the more important question for us is the price value perception the usage occasions and the interaction with the consumer and we have a lot of work that we are currently moving through here internally but we’re not ready to share that with the market yet.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: Finally could you comment on contribution of mix to top line and margins in the first quarter? Was mix actually positive this quarter given the shorter seasonal period or did you still have a drag from mix from continued weaker than targeted single serve performance?
Bert Alfonso: I won’t comment on gross margin I mentioned that earlier when Pablo asked his question. What I would tell you is that the price mix combination was favorable to us but price is more favorable than mix.
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: That was pricing from last year’s increase?
Bert Alfonso: That was pricing coming through from last year’s April.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Lehman Brothers.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: Just a couple things, one separate from the productivity to supply chain realignment and such you’ve talked a bit in the past about your base productivity, the ongoing year after year productivity you do on the core business. Is there any way to get a better sense of how to quantify that even if it’s a percent of cost to goods annually that you try and hit, is it 1% of cost of goods, 2%, I’m trying to get a sense of the numbers around that.
Bert Alfonso: I won’t mention it so much as a percentage of cost of goods. It’s not as high as the productivity that we’re generating from the global supply chain transformation this particular year. We do have a pretty active continuous improvement program and at a minimum we try to offset the inflationary impact that we expect in our internal plan. We do have an active program, it does provide good benefit not at the order of magnitude of the global supply chain transformation but it is an important piece of how we manage our costs.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: Certainly in the last conference call I know you talked a bit about the competitive environment in various parts of your business. Was there any real significant change either way in a particular sub-category of note competitively that we should be aware of or not particularly?
David West: I would say no, nothing noteworthy.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: In terms of the way we should think about market share progress like from a benchmark standpoint is there any way to quantify as you look at your business maybe its in a certain number of your key sub-categories or percentage of your categories, the percent of sales, were you either gaining share or losing share and then what’s sort of a reasonable goal or benchmark to think about even if its two years out where you want to get to. How do you look at it, you have so many different categories and channels and sub-categories I’m trying to get a sense of overall how do shares look and where do you expect them to go and how do we track that?
David West: There’s a growth algorithm that’s brand and consumer driven and then obviously that translates to customers and it’s also a lot of its driven by how we design our trade promotion program. If you think about where we are investing from a brand standpoint, advertising and consumer the things we’ve talked about back on the core Reese’s and Hershey’s brand as well as the new initiatives with Bliss and Starbucks we expect the growth to come from there. If you look at it and want to slice a class of trade we obviously expect to get improvement from our retail activity specifically where we have coverage in food class of trade, convenience class of trade we clearly don’t talk much about Wal-Mart but we’ve very pleased with where our business is with Wal-Mart and then there’s a couple of other places where frankly some businesses are challenged and have been for a period of time. The vending business is a challenging business and we’ve got a couple of the classes of trade where we have some issues that we are working through. I think when we get to June; on June 17th we may be able to give you a better answer to that question.
Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers: The last thing and this may also be how you’re shaping your thinking around your June meeting. As you go back perhaps to your experience even with the turn around that you are a part of Nabisco. Are there any parallels there that you would help in this prospect? In other words you had large dominant brands there that were losing share to competitors at the time that probably shouldn’t have been. There were a lot of differences but I don’t know if there are any parallels that make sense in thinking about as well?
David West: Certainly focusing we have some phenomenally good core brands. The limited edition line extension strategy on some level while created news on those big brands it also may have distracted consumers from what is at the core of those big brands. That’s certainly one learning that we have is focusing on that core sku, those power skus and doing a little bit less around the perimeter and periphery getting the consumer back to the core two cup Reese’s for example and just fundamental advertising around the essence of that brand its certainly working. We’re looking to do that across the other brands. I think the other thing that you have to also say is the maniacal focus on cost to create the affordability to spend what you need to spend in our brands and with our customers. There are always parallels and I’ve been fortunate enough to have worked for and with some pretty smart people along the way and you learn something from every one of them. I hope that I can bring all that to bear in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Feeney with Wachovia.
Jon Feeney – Wachovia: I wanted to follow up on Andrew’s line of reasoning. Your advertising spending plans for the full year, could you parse that for us between, if it’s possible, core brand support and advertising that’s going to need to back up these pretty significant Bliss and Starbuck launches.
David West: We’re obviously going to support Starbucks and Hershey’s Bliss and we also firmly believe that Hershey’s Bliss advertising has a halo effect back to the entire Hershey portfolio and franchise. Reese’s we’ve got continuity on Reese’s we’re on all year with Reese’s and we’ve got some copy development on some of the other businesses. The obvious question on a couple of the core franchises is until we pick some of the underlying price value or positioning it doesn’t make a lot of sense necessarily advertise a lot on something like Kisses until we have some of the core consumer proposition in a better place.  We’re obviously picking our spots but we are banging on particularly in the second quarter you’re going to see a lot of Bliss, a lot of Starbucks and a lot of Reese’s. We’re up all year long and we’re committed to spending that money.
Jon Feeney – Wachovia: If you weren’t launching Bliss and Starbucks this year would you say ad would be up mid single digit, double digit, ‘x’ that advertising spending?
David West: Actually I think that’s not really the way we obviously look at it but from a portfolio standpoint I think we have to continue to increase the brand spending particularly behind new news. As I said, I would view the Hershey’s Bliss advertising as is much Hershey’s as it is about a new item. Would you re-deploy that differently, yes you probably would. Obviously Reese’s is going and you have to realize there’s a lot of consumer promotional spending that goes into the mix as well as trade promotion spending. I think in the absence of any one initiative would you do something differently, probably but we are committed to investing behind the businesses and the brands and you might dial it a little differently here and there but we had a lot of work ongoing to determine what the optimal level of each of big brands is and we’re going to get there.
Jon Feeney – Wachovia: As a follow up to that, when you look at the back half acceleration clearly you’re spending a lot more in brand support these brands you’re hoping and have every reason to expect its going to accelerate. I’m trying to solve that to how much is a back half acceleration would come from core brands like you mentioned Kisses you are going to come to some piece with what the positioning is and you’re going to spend behind that and that’s going to accelerate. When I look at your plans for the second half how much of an acceleration and how quickly a response to the increased brand support do you need to get to the kind of target that would support your outlook for this year?
David West: Remember we had a lot of net price realization that’s coming, we took the price increase last April and we spent back quite a bit of it last year and we have a second price increase that’s on top of that one. We will get quite a bit of net price realization as we go through the rest of the year. We have a significant increase in core brand support be it advertising and consumer promotions on Reese’s but we also have it on the Olympic sponsorship around some of the brands, we have the Reese’s Dark Knight, we have a bonus movie event that goes across all the brands so we have a really good merchandising program in the second quarter which is going to work well because we’ve added the sales coverage which is up nearly 20% year over year as well. It’s a combination of better merchandising programs, a higher advertising level, the new items in premium and trade up as well as price realization. On top of that don’t forget we also have international growth particularly coming out of Asia. Our Mexico business is doing very well as well. All of the above and the good news is its not any one lever its three or four levers that we think we have to pull on this year. We feel much better about our programming and our prospects going forward because we are not relying on any one thing while we have a number of good initiatives going on. Hopefully that give you the way we’re thinking about it, it’s not any one bucket it’s actually all of the above.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: On Starbucks, I imagine one of the challenges you’re going to face is that Starbucks means coffee to most consumers and you’re launching a line of chocolate and Starbucks launched a line of ice cream years ago that kind of had a blend of chocolate and coffee and I think it ended up polarizing a lot of consumers because a lot of consumers just don’t like coffee. How are you going to market this as a Starbucks chocolate when the perception of Starbucks is different, it may be core chocolate product that you have but consumer perception might be different.
David West: You’re absolutely right, it does mean chocolate and it’s going to get us an incredible amount of trial with a very core loyal user. There are people who will not try it simply because it is coffee. We’ve also in the line we have a signature milk and a signature dark chocolate which are not necessarily coffee flavored. There is an opportunity for someone to enter but we frankly don’t expect a non-coffee lover to enter although there are some tea flavors and some other things. Carmel Macchiato is a flavor, a great confectionary flavor.  We had some other flavors, tea flavored and some signature milk and dark in the line but you’re right it is going to be a coffee lovers trial and we’ve sized our expectations of the business appropriately because we know who that target is, they’re easier to find frankly when you think about what else they might purchase and where they might purchase. It will help us from targeted marketing. We do recognize that going in. If you think about the Frappuccino business that’s in food, drug and mass now and how big that business has become. That’s going to be just as equally “polarizing” and that’s become a pretty nice size business. As long as we go in with the expectations and target the marketing we think we’ll be fine.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Another question on premium, everyone is doing premium Nestle, Mars and you said that your benefit is that you have scale and sales distribution. Can we look at a typical grocery store and convenience store is that going to look entirely different four or five years from now? Maybe an entire section of the store dedicated to premium chocolate and maybe better position to such. Right now I look in the chocolate aisle I just see a mess of dark chocolate and milk chocolate and it’s not very well organized.
David West: I think we absolutely know we can do a better job in the aisle and actually add on the perimeter with confections. We, as a category have done very little in terms of innovation on the packaging front in the US market. We haven’t done nearly as much with aisle architecture and both of those things are certainly on our radar screen and we are working on them and stay tuned as we go through the year and in subsequent years we have a lot more to say about it.  Yes, you should expect that the store ought to look different. I’m not saying that there still won’t be a confectionary aisle but the shopping in the aisle ought to look different because I think consumers are becoming a little bit more savvy and demanding and we need to meet their needs.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: You know what I’m saying think about the soup section and what they’ve done and the spice and seasoning sections and what they’ve done. They’ve been very creative in making that an easier aisle to shop. Do you have an opportunity to go your retailers and say let’s make chocolate aisle easier to shop too?
David West: We do and we have and we’re in the process of, as I said, looking at the right way to think how the consumer shops the aisle and thinks about the category and as I said that work is well underway for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: A couple of really quick ones, we’ve obviously had major overhaul in the composition of the Board since late last year. Could you comment a little bit on perhaps what the main agenda items are or how you’re using that resource for you? Is it really looking at International growth, more joint ventures, pushing the organic platforms that you already have, is it maybe a bolt on acquisitions or are you more focused on reinvigorating the core product in the domestic market?
David West: That’s actually strategic planning; you just basically mentioned all of the tentative strategic planning which is what the Board obviously engages in in every meeting. We’ve had very good dialog with the Board. The directors have come up to speed obviously very quickly. We’ve had very good dialog about the business. I think we’ll share a lot more about where we’re headed and give you more flavor for that in June. We’re very pleased with how it’s going and they’re engaged in governance of the company, approval of capital and strategic planning like any Board of Directors of a public company is and we couldn’t be more pleased with the progress we’re making.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Good, I look forward to hearing more about that in a couple of month’s time. Coming back to the new Starbucks launch, as I understand it, at the moment it has hit a lot of the retail stores as we speak but its not yet in the Starbucks stores themselves, is that right?
David West: That is correct.
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: Is there a plan that at some point further down the road those products will actually get into the core Starbucks retail chains themselves as well?
David West: We’ve had a number of conversations, that is the intention and in terms of timing and what that will look like we’re not really going to be in a position to say right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Just a quick question on the balance sheet, I know you referenced a difficult credit market but what’s the argument really for not being an aggressive repurchaser of your stock at this point?
Bert Alfonso: I’ll go back to the earlier comments, maybe just something on the stock purchase. We do believe that stock repurchase is a valuable way to return value to the stockholder. I think management has shown over recent past that its part of the strategy. I would tell you that this year we have additional cash flow requirements. The one that’s most significant is the global supply chain transformation and we have quit a bit more capital that we’re employing against that project in order to derive the savings that we have in our plans going forward. There are other needs for cash including our current JVs which we’re investing in. I think we’re looking at it more as a priority timing aspect and not that we’ve changed philosophically a view around buy back value.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Just two, hopefully quick and easy questions, I think last quarter you aid that you were assessing your margin structure and if you can comment on where that is? Do you think Hershey has stabilized its performance in 2008 will for the base for which you can grow earnings or how do you think about it into the future?
David West: We’ll have a lot more news for you come June 17th. I think the assessment of the margin structure Bert did a good job answering that earlier. We had not only the global supply chain transformation program which I think we’ve been pretty specific about our expectations for that over the next few years. We have a very aggressive continuous improvement program and given the input cost pressures that everybody’s been feeling we need to continually look at our cost structure and make sure that we are squeezing as much cost out of the system as we can. We’re no different than anybody else in the industry in terms of where we go mine for costs and we continue to do that very aggressively. We have priced the business here and that’s some new news since I think we last talked in January. We’ll continue to look at making sure that we are passing along the appropriate level of these costs to the consumers where it makes sense. I think with respect to our business performance we see improvement albeit slowly. We are starting to see some stabilization of trend here and I think that that bodes well for us as we look to the future but it’s very very early in the process and to make a comment on forward growth rates or anything like that we’ll defer that to the June conversation as well.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: When do you expect International to actually start contributing to operating profit? I think you said that the recent acquisition is not going to contribute to operating profit. Is there a timing that you think that this will start to be incremental?
David West: The International actually does contribute to operating profit. What we are saying though is in the initial phases of the joint ventures that we’ve launched in Brazil and India as well as the manufacturing joint venture and the market investment in China that we’re making the appropriate investments to make sure we get the right levels of distribution and brand awareness and so as you look at 2008 clearly their not contributing to growth in profit this year.  It’s not that their not contributing to profit. As we go forward and get some scale and get some establishment in the market and the brand identity and the brand equity we would expect those businesses to become more profitable over time. We think it’s prudent particularly in the first year of these joint venture agreements to make the investment to get the brands established in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer – UBS: You mentioned your overall C store programming from a shipper standpoint I think the way you put it is better than last year. I was wondering if you could perhaps elaborate why that is. What are you doing different? For instance, I remember you used to have promotions that were tied to sales and kind of a buy in to the overall annual programs whereas some of your competitors I’ve heard they paid more promotion dollars up front. Could you maybe speak to any changes you’re making in terms of how you’re doing your promotions which might be affecting your shipper uptake?
David West: I think it’s a much richer program in terms of content not in terms of dollars. Its not a change in our promotional dollar strategy its more of a change in just having better programs across the year based on our back door core brands not focused on a limited editions etcetera but really focusing on core brands having some activity, the tie in with Coca Cola and the Reese’s brand has gone very very well. We also have much better merchandising to port at the store level.  We have just feet on the street those folks are going to sell very hard to make sure that our programs get better execution and better placement. It’s not anything in terms of the way we’re changing trade promotion structure dollars it’s really all about retail sales and then obviously the higher levels of consumer support should create more suction.
David Palmer – UBS: A second one on commodities, I was just doing some rough math I think you said the commodities would be $100 million of a headwind for this year and if I’m doing my math right that’s roughly 200 basis points inflation for the year and a little bit less than that maybe 180 basis points for the last three quarters of the year given the fact that you did 260 basis point of input hit in the first quarter. My first comment is that it’s hard to believe you won’t do much better than 180 basis points for the last nine months given the fact that you’ve got easier comparisons presumably in the second half. Maybe this just means that you’re expecting another bad hit here in the second quarter maybe just as bad as the first quarter.
David West: I just don’t comment on that. If you look at on a year on year basis and I’m sure your math is right, I didn’t quite follow the way you laid it out but if you looked at the first quarter there certainly is a year on year dairy impact. Last year the dairy prices escalated in the second quarter and so we have seen a much bigger impact in Q1 from dairy. As that goes through the year we expect that we would see less of that. There is some if you look at it on a year on year basis from that. The other thing is that as we translate last years cost into this years costs our standards reflect much more of the prior year cost increases as well as the estimates that we expect for this year. I’m not going to comment on your math, I would say if you’re thinking about it in terms of first half, second half certainly first quarter yes, has a higher impact of dairy.
David Palmer – UBS: Would we really think of it almost as a tale of two halves because of the dairy influence being the major, major swing factor here? Maybe the second quarter might be darn near as bad as this first quarter and then from there you have a nice step change into 3Q is that reasonable to guess?
David West: I don’t know if I’d look at it that way. As I said, in terms of tale of two halves that are so remarkably different. Clearly the first quarter had the dairy impact and that’s substantial enough for us to make that commentary. There are other elements that affect first half versus second half so I wouldn’t pin it all on commodities. Obviously we’re lacking the Godrej acquisition and because we’re reinvesting pretty heavily there those margins are lower than the company average margin. As we lap that it starts to be less of an issue in the back half. Our savings programs in terms of the global supply chain transformation, some of the plants close and we ramp up production in Monterrey and so those savings will be more beneficial to those second half of the year versus the first half of the year. Those are the types of things that you might think about in terms of looking at margins first half versus second half and not as much only the dairy aspect.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions, are there any closing remarks.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to seeing you all on June 17th.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen; this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-24 08:30:00) =====
:
Executives:  Mark Pogharian – VPInvestor Relations David West – CEO and President Bert Alfonso – Sr.VP and CFO
Analysts:  Jonathan Feeney – Wachovia Securities Terry Bivens – Bear Stearns Christen McCracken – ClevelandResearch David Driscoll – Citi Investment Dave Powers-Edward Jones Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Alexia Howard – SanfordBernstein Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities Andrew Lazar – Lehman Brothers David Palmer – UBS  Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch 
Operator:  I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcomeeveryone to the Hershey Company Fourth Quarter 2007 Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Pogharian, Vice President of InvestorRelations.
Mark Pogharian: Welcome to theHershey Company’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Conference Call. Dave West, President and CEO; Bert Alfonso,Senior Vice President and CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning’scall. We welcome those ofyou listening via the webcast. Let meremind everyone listening that today’s conference call may contain statementswhich are forward looking. Thesestatements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk anduncertainty. Actual results may varymaterially from those contained in the forward looking statements because thefactors such as those lifted in this morning’s press release and in our 10-Kfor 2006 File with the SEC. If you have not seenthe press release, a copy is posted on our corporate web-site, www.hersheys.com in the Investor Relationsection. Included in the press releaseare consolidated balance sheets and the summary of consolidated statements ofincome prepared in accordance with GAAP as well as our performance summary ofconsolidated statements of income quantitative reconciled to GAAP. As we have said inthe press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics forevaluating performance internally. Thesenon-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of FinancialResults in accordance with GAAP, rather the company believes the presentationof earnings excluding certain items provide additional information to investorsto facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. We will discuss ourFourth Quarter and Full Year results excluding the net pre-tax charges associatedwith the Global Supply Transformation Program and Business Realignment andImpairment Charges in Brazilrecorded in 2007 and the 2005 Business Initiative recorded in 2005 and2006. These net-free tax charges were $95.9million in the Fourth Quarter 2007 and $5.6 million in the Fourth Quarter of2006. Our discussion of the year’s dateresults and any future projections will also exclude the impact of net chargesrelated to these business realignment and initiative. With that, let meturn the call over to Bert Alfonso.
Bert Alfonso:  The net sales inearnings per share results for the Full Year 2007 were in line with the outlookwe provided during the last conference call. Specifically, consolidated net sales in the Fourth Quarter of $1.34billion increased 0.4% versus the prior year. Diluted EPS from operations of $0.54 declined at 19% primarily due tohigher commodity costs, increased consumer investment spending on favorable mixand higher SG&A costs related to our international expansion. This brings fullyear performance to a 0.1% increase in net sales and a 12% decline in EPSdiluted from operations. Net sales forthe quarter excluding the benefit of the Godrich Hershey Business in India were downat 1.1%. This primarily reflects a netdecline in US volumes which are more than offset gains in Artisan andInternational businesses. Outside the US, ourbusinesses grew at 39% in the quarter including Godrich. As anticipated during the Third QuarterConference Call, shipments to key distributors were soft in the Fourth Quarterwhich impacted our results. Importantly, as weexited the year, inventory levels are key distributors had declined. This should lead the shipments and retailtakeaway patterns that are more closely aligned in 2008. For the Full Year, net sales were even with2006 and excluding Godrich Hershey Business, sales decreased about 1%. Turning now toMarket Place Performance, Hershey’s US retail takeaway in the quarterwas ahead of shipments. Consumertakeaway for the 12 weeks ending December 30th and channels that account forover 80% of our retail business was up to 0.9%. As a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass, includingWal-Mart and convenient stores. In the FDMxC classesof trade retail takeaway declined 2.1% resulting in a share loss of 1.4 pointsin the latest 12 weeks. Takeaway withinour core chocolate franchises, Reese’s, Hershey’s, Kisses and KitKat wasnegatively impacted by a lower than expected by performance on Kisses. Excluding Kisses, retail takeaway and FDMxCincreased 2.1% during the quarter driven by the launch of Reese’s Whipps, cacaoreserve, holiday gift box offerings and the KitKat Coffee promotion at selectedC-stores. Kisses takeaway,declined 7.1% in the quarter due to the competitive activity in chocolatepackaged candy. For the Full Year,retail takeaway in FDMxC was up 1.3%. strong gains by Hershey’s and Reese’s both up mid-single digits wasoffset by challenges in refreshment and lower velocity is of some previouslyintroduced new items. Importantly thecategory remains healthy and grew by 3.5% in 2007 in the FDMxC classes oftrade. In these channels,Hershey’s takeaway declined by 1% and resulted in a share loss of 1.3points. In the Fourth Quarter and fullyear, our C-Store takeaway declined 3.4% and 1.2% driven by softness withinrefreshment. Competitive new productactivity has impacted our refreshment business in 2007 and accounted for abouthalf of our total company share loss of 1.2 share points in the C-Storechannel. Hershey chocolatetakeaway in C-Store for the full year was up 1.3%. We expect our share performance to improve in2008 as we continued to increase core brand investment and launch new products,Hershey’s Bliss, Starbucks and the signatures line to compete more effectivelyin the on-trend premium and trade-up segments. In 2008, we willalso have the full year benefit of increased levels of retail coverage thatwere mostly added in the Fourth Quarter of 2007. With respect to gross margins, during theFourth Quarter, gross margin was down 240 basis points compared with year-agolevels, primarily due to higher commodity costs, prior trade promotion spendingand unfavorable mix. Specifically, dairycosts were up markedly year-over-year and track slightly higher than theinternal forecast we established at midyear. We believe thatdairy stock spot prices will continue to subside somewhat as we make our waythrough 2008. However, we expect thatdairy will have a negative impact on our First Quarter of 2008 because of thetiming of increases in 2007. Totalproductivity initiatives in the quarter exceeded our initial plans and helpedto offset a portion of the previously mentioned higher import cost andunfavorable mix. Net obsolescencecosts were at normal rates in the quarter and were favorableyear-over-year. Outside the US, the GodrichHershey Business generated lower than company average gross margin and modestlyimpacted our gross margin in the quarter. For the full year 2007, gross margin was 35.5% versus 37.7% in 2006,down 220 basis points primarily due to increased input costs. Productivity initiatives exclusive of the GlobalSupply Chain Transformation exceeded our initial estimates and helped offsetthe total year commodity cost impact. EBIT margin for thequarter was down 450 basis points as selling, marketing and administrativecosts increased about 14.4% or 210 basis points as the percentage of salesversus the prior year. While consumerpromotion expenses were lower, they were more than offset by higher advertisingand selling expense. EBIT margin wasalso affected by the cost of added retail coverage that began in Q3 willbenefit 2008 as well as higher employer related costs from our internationalexpansion. Advertising was up21% in the Fourth Quarter to support Reese’s and other core brands. We also shifted some spending from consumerpromotion to trial driving coupons, which are accounted for its trade promotionbetween gross and net sales. So thebrand spending for the quarter, advertising, consumer promotion and tradepromotion was up 10% versus the prior year. For the Full Year2007, advertising increased to 18% with total brand spending up 9%. EBIT from operations for the year declined13% with EBIT margin down 270 basis points to 17.6% from 20.3% driven by lower grossmargin and higher advertising, selling and administrative expenses. Moving down toP&L, for the quarter interest expense decreased coming in at $28 millionversus $31.5 million in the prior period. This is driven by lower year-over-year rates on our commercialpaper. For the year, interest expensewas $119 million up to $2.5 million from last year, reflecting slightly higherlevels of debt. In 2008, we expectinterest expense to be up slightly. The tax rate for theFourth Quarter was 36.4% 90 basis points lower than the previous year. For the full year, the tax rate was 36%. Note that on a quarter and year-to-datebasis, the reported tax rate is higher than the pro forma rate to the effectivetax rates applicable to business realignment and impairment charges. For 2008, we expectfull year tax rate to be unchanged at approximately 36%. In the Fourth Quarter of 2007 weightedaverage shares is outstanding on a diluted basis for 230 million versus 235million shares in 2006, leading to an EPS of $0.54 per share diluted fromoperations down 19% versus a year ago. For the year, sharesoutstanding were 231 million versus 239 million last year. EPS diluted from operations for the full yearwas $2.08 down 12%. Turing to thebalance sheet and cash flow, in 2007, net trading capital decreased versus lastyear, resulting in an improvement of $152 million. Accounts receivable decreased $35 million andremains extremely current and of high quality. Inventory was lower by $49 million and accounts payable increased by $68million. The reduction inworking capital reflects 2007 programs to improve our sales and operationsplanning process and to manage our Days Payable. We expect working capital to improve in 2008,primarily driven by inventory reduction in the second half of the year but notat the same improvement rates as we achieved in 2007. In terms of otherspecific cash flow items, during the quarter, capital additions includingsoftware were $76 million and $204 million for the full year. As previously mentioned in the Third QuarterConference Call, capital spending came in below our initial estimate of 250 to300 million due to the timing of projects related to the global supply chaintransformation. For 2008, we aretargeting total capital additions to be in the range of 300 to 325 million,driven by the year on your shift in our global supply change transformationprogram. Depreciation and amortizationwas 83 million in the quarter. Thisincludes accelerated depreciation related to the global supply changetransformation program of $33 million. So operating depreciation and amortization was about $50 million in thequarter. For the Full Year 2007,depreciation and amortization was $311 million of which acceleratesdepreciation and amortization was $109 million and operating was $202million. In 2008, we are forecastingtotal depreciation and amortization of about $250 million including accelerateddepreciation and amortization of approximately $60 million. Dividends paidduring the quarter was $66 million, bringing the full year to $252million. We did not acquire any stock inthe Fourth Quarter related to the current repurchased program. There is $100 million outstanding on thecurrent authorization that the board approved in December of 2006. During the quarter we did repurchase 7.8million of our common shares in the open market to replace shares issued inconnection with the employees exercising the stock auctions. Our goal is to repurchase all such shares. The Godrich HersheyBusiness India and the manufacturing joint venture in China with Lotteare progressing as planned. In India, weachieved our 2007 sales target and invested in our sugar perfection brands andthe launch of Hershey’s Milk Mix. In thenear term, we will continue to enhance our relevance in India andextend our reach and distribution. Whilethe Godrich Hershey Business will have a positive impact on net sales, we donot expect any meaningful contribution to earnings given our plans to re-investand build that business. In China, we madesignificant progress in 2007 and we established the joint venture with Lottebegan local manufacturing and developed and launched a new portfolio. We look to increase our relevance in 2008with focused marketing investment to grow that business. Now for an update onthe Global Supply Chain Transformation that was announced back in February of2007. During the quarter we recordedtotal global supply chain realignment charges of $83 million pretax. This reduced reported earnings per share by$0.25 for the quarter. We recorded $35million in cost of sales, consisting accelerated depreciation and ride offs. The $4 millionrecorded in selling, marketing and administrator expenses, reflects programmanagement costs. An additional $45million was recorded as restructuring in the P&L including 32 millionrelated to employee costs and $13 million in asset ride offs and contractterminations. For the year, pretaxexpenses related to the Global Supply Chain Transformation totaled $400 millionor $1.10 per share diluted on a reported basis. As we previously communicated in the Third Quarter conference call, weincreased our full year 2007 estimate related to the Global Supply ChainTransformation to $380 to $400 million versus the initial estimate of $270 to$300 million. This was primarily due togreater and anticipated number of impact in employees, volunteering for theearly retirement package. While theseemployees will be working through the first half of 2008, generally acceptedaccounting principles requires that we recognize the expense when the employeecommits to the retirement date. This isan accounting timing change and has no impact on our plans, cash flow or thetotal cost of the transformation program. Our estimate of total pretax charges and non recurring projectimplementation costs remain at $525 to $575 million inclusive of projectmanagement and start-up costs of $50 million. For 2008, ourestimate of total pretax charges and non recurring project implementation costsare $140 to $150 million and total three-year statements remain at $170 to $190million with a significant savings increase in 2008 compared to 2007. To improve our competitive position in Brazil, we haveundertaken a restructuring and recorded a pretax business realignment andimpairment charge of $12.6 million. It should be notedthat this is not part of the Global Supply Chain Transformation Program. Specifically, we have entered into a jointventure agreement with, Bauducco, baked goods manufacturer and will leveragetheir strong selling and distribution capabilities throughout the country toenhance profitable growth. We alsoexpect operating margins to improve as we reduce overall headcount and fixedcosts in the coming months. Hershey willretain a majority control of the joint venture. Let me now talkabout 2008, for our primary goal is to stabilize US market place performance. We will continue to invest in our brands andbusinesses in both the USand international markets. Investment spendingwill support consumer and customer merchandising programs for core brands aswell as launch of new products, especially, Hershey’s Bliss and Starbucks. Combined with the benefit of a full 12 monthsof increased retail coverage, we expect net sales to grow by 3% to 4% in 2008including India and China. At this point, wehave a good assessment of our 2008 cost basket, while dairy costs havemoderated recently a broad range of increase have accelerated over the last 12months and the outlook is for input cost remain above historical averages in2008. Therefore, we expect the inputcost to increase at roughly similar levels in 2008 as they did in 2007. Savings from the globalsupply chain transformation program and the aggressive pursuit of additionalbased productivity will help moderate the impact of these increases. In 2008, EBIT margin will be down as weinvest in our businesses. Specifically,advertising, consumer promotion and coupons will increase. Selling expense willbe higher due to the retail sales associates brought on board over the lastfour or five months of 2007. Inaddition, employee related cost and investment and in our internationalbusinesses will also increase. As such,we expect 2008 EPS diluted from operations to be in $1.85 to $1.90 range.Despite the inflationary cost environment that is pressuring margins, we arecommitted to investing behind our brands and expect to stabilize our US Marketplace trends in 2008. Given theyear-over-year input cost comparisons and investment plans, we expect quarterlyperformance to improve as the year progresses. Dave will nowprovide some specific insights regarding our business.
Dave West:  2007 certainly was adifficult year, to sum it up, accelerating commodity costs primarily dairy, wasone of the toughest issues we faced. While we expected dairy costs to be higher year-over-year, the rate atwhich it accelerated within the Second Quarter surprised both the market andus. Beyond dairy, themarket is rather on materials increased significantly later in 2007 and willresult in significant increases again in 2008. Increases of this magnitude in back to back years represent achallenging operating environment. Ourglobal supply chain transformation program, which we instituted and announcedin February 2007 prior to the run up in commodity cost is on track. The savings fromthis program as we initially indicated represent the fuel for reinvestment todrive program growth. Despite theunprecedented increase within our input cost basket, we remained committed tothis investment spending. This decisionwill obviously impact the bottom line in 2008, but it is the right decision forthe long-term part of the business. Throughout 2007, competitive activity intensified in the form of bothinnovation and spending. The activitywas strongest in refreshment in the premium and trade up chocolatesegments. This came at the time when we weretransitioning our portfolio with less than normal levels of innovation andhigher amounts of discontinued items. As 2008 begins, we are operating under the assumption thatcompetitive activity will remain at current level. So, overall we are not pleased with Full Year2007 market place performance and financial results. However, we did make progress in areas thatwill benefit Hershey in the long term. Specifically, the global supply chain transformation is well under way. The program will generate the savings anticipated, enablingus to reinvestment in our business. Itwill also give us a manufacturing flexibility that will allow it to come tomarket with products and packaging that we could not previously make in a costeffective manner. We have also made goodprogress within our International markets. Sales there continued to increase and we are making necessary investmentsto improve profitability over the long term. As I mentioned a moment ago within the US business, results were poor. However, there were some bright spots we willreplicate and expand upon in 2008. Let me give you some specifics, from a customer’s view, thisis one of our largest customers who was on track and increased meaningfully in2007, driven by increase retail coverage and net gains by our core chocolatebrands. This led the Fourth Quarter and FullYear retail takeaway of 0.9% and 1.3% in the food, drug, mass, including Wal-Martand convenient universe. This is higherthan our shipments, measured takeaway, and reflects shipments and consumptionwill be more in line as we head in 2008. The Reese’s franchise takeaway in 2007 increased by over 4%behind closed in news and variety, which Reese’s Crispy Crunchy, Reese’s ElvisPeanut Butter and Banana and Fourth Quarter launch of Reese’s Whipps. We also made progress within the Hershey’sfranchise in 2007, where retail takeaway increased of 6%. A number of brands and initiative did well,including Hershey’s Milk Chocolate six-packs, driven by this (inaudible) merchandisingprogram and Hershey’s Special Dark, Extra Dark and Cocoa Reserve benefitingfrom the growth in dark chocolate and trade-up segments. So, as you can see, where we align our investment, from acustomer and brand perspective, the results were positive. We will expand this type of support in 2008across more of our portfolio brands and customers with increased levels ofadvertising, retail coverage, merchandising events and new products. This necessary level of investment shouldallow us to be more competitive, beginning to stabilize US market placeperformance, especially within our core chocolate brand. In total, advertising, consumer promotion in coupons willrise nearly 20% in 2008. The biggestportion of the increase on a percentage basis will be in advertising. Among the most exciting 2008 initiatives thatwill launch at the Hershey’s Bliss in Startbucks product lines, late inQ1. In addition, to enhance our premium,trade-up portfolio, and will enable Hershey to build scale in these growingsub-segments. Appropriate brands supportwill ensure that these products get off to a strong start. Additionally, the launch does include dedicatedmerchandising fixtures and an in-aisle shelf attachment that call out theproduct. We will further expand in thetrade up segment later in the year with the introduction of a signatures linethat will leverage Hershey’s existing mainstream brands, including Hershey’sExtra Dark and a new Reese’s Select Clusters, combined with the Cacao Reserve, ScharffenBerger, Joseph Schmidt and Dagoba. Hershey will have a broad portfolio of premium and trade-upchocolate products. This portfolioapproach leverages are scaled as we bring our category management techniques tothe premium and trade up parts of the aisle. Our core brands will also enjoy increase brand support, especiallyReese’s. We will be more on air morefrequently in 2008 and will benefit from increase retail coverage as to nearly20% more sales associates we hired in Q4 2007 execute merchandising eventsacross all channels. This includedHershey’s and Kit Kat deal in our collector’s series at the start of the raisingseason in Q1. This will be followed by the S’more Brad Paisley promotionand the Reese’s sponsorship of the upcoming Batman Movie event, “The Dark Night”in Q2 and then, in Q3, sponsorship of the US Summer Olympic team. Overall we will increase merchandising versus2007. These actions will ensure that newproduct launches get off to a successful start and that core brand performanceimproves. We do have parts of ourportfolio that are under performing and we are working to address them. Through the middle of 2007, Kisses franchise retail takeawaywas growing, driven by the 100th Anniversary Program. However, in the Fourth Quarter those trends reverseddramatically, resulting in retail takeaway decline of 3.6% for the year. A disappointing holiday season with increasecompetitive activity within package candy and trading up were majordrivers. Kisses continues to have anextremely high level of brand awareness and loyalty, upon with which we need tocapitalize. However, our package candyline-up, which includes Kisses, as well as Hershey’s Miniatures and HersheyNuggets has changed little over many years. The lay-down back, merchandising and purchasing queues have not keptpace with the merging consumer trends and demand. As a result, we need to address our consumer propositionwithin this segment. This is also trueto a lesser extent on our loose part business. We need to upgrade our benefit perception withconsumers. By mentioning this on theOctober call, some residents have a reduction of price points. That is not the case, we need to contemporizethese businesses with pride and packaging improvements to meet current andunmet needs and provide new benefits to consumers. Work is well underway on this front and willhave more to share with you, later in the year. We also need to continue to evolve our refreshment business. In 2007 competitive activity and innovation on this segmentwere at the highest levels in search of purchase the business in 2001. Ice Breakers brand retail takeaway was downto 10% for the year. Distribution gainson new product launches including Ice Breakers, Ice Cube gum, Ice Breakers walnutsmints gum and York Mint Tins, improved in the late second half of 2007 asadditional retail coverage came on line. We will build on these gains in 2008. However,the business did suffer as we transitioned away from carefree, stick-free and rolledmint items. We do have news in 2008, aswe launch Ice Breakers Ice Cube pack, a 40-count travel container and IceBreakers Chewy Sours. However, we willhave a tougher start and anticipated the refreshment business in early 2008. You may recall that late in Fourth Quarter of 2007 welaunched Ice Breakers Packs. A uniqueproduct that delivers the birth of cooling sensation by coupling breath stripsin a pouch filled with Xylitol. Thelaunch in Q4 was landed to a few customers and the product was not in broaddistribution. Consumers, whose testedand purchased Ice Breakers Packs are very satisfied with fun and innovativeproduct. However, some community and lawenforcement leaders have expressed concern about the shape of the pouch in Xylitolform and the possibilities that it could be mistaken for elicit items. We are sensitive to these viewpoints and thushave the decision that we will no longer manufacture Ice Breakers Packs. The product on the shelf of retail will sellthrough in Q1. With the 2007 results and 2008 financial outlook that Bertdiscussed earlier, includes an assumption for the unwinding of cost related tothis discontinuance. As we have plannedto support behind this item early in the year, we are now realigning ourprofession plans, to make sure we stay on track. Additionally, our R&D group is working onexciting ideas that are unique, innovative and deliver consumer benefits thatcan leverage Hershey’s retail and technology scales and refreshments. I hope to share these with you soon. We will turn for a minute with the International, as we lookat 2008 and beyond, we will continue to employ the discipline focus on keyemerging markets for confectionary growth is strong. We are pleased with the progress being made,especially in Mexico, Philippines, Chinaand India. The integration of the Gobrich in India is nearlycomplete and resources will now be focusing on growth. We are developing go-to-market tradecapabilities that will allow us to keep up to the expansion in a modern tradeand at the same time, allowing us to go distribution and other Regions andChannels in the country. While the GobrichHershey joint venture will have a positive impact on that sales. We do not expect the meaningful contribution toearnings as we invest in building distribution and in consumer efforts. In China,we made a significant products in 2007 as we established our manufacturing J.B.Flotte and developed and launched our business in to the market in Q4. As we looked at 2008, we will continue toinvest and build our brands, capabilities and distribution in key outlet incities. Specifically, plans calls forboth advertising and consumers sampling. We will also open a retail store, Hershey Shanghai Chocolate World,prior to the start of the Olympic Games. We expect China sales to be up, year-over-year with operating marginspressured due to investment that will ensure that the business prospers overthe long term. Turning now a bit closer to home, Brazil. The company purchased a small business nearin 2001, each country sales have increased year-over-year. However, our limited scale, reach anddistribution have led to a disadvantage position and unfavorable marginstructure. Increasing distributionthroughout the country is an essential element to improving our competitiveprofile. Hence, we have announced the restructuring of the businessand entered into a joint venture agreement with Bauducco, a leading bake goodmanufacturer. We will have thecontrolling interest in the joint venture and be responsible for manufacturingand creation of the marketing plans, related to the Hershey products. Bauducco was responsible for selling anddistribution of Hershey’s brands throughout Brazil. After we complete the integration in 2008, weexpect profitability trends in Brazilto improve into the future. As you can see, 2008 in both US and International businessesis an investment year and that is within our brands, people and process as itis the right thing to do for the long term health of the business. As I stated earlier, it was our intent thatthe Global Supply Chain Transformation Program announced in February 2007,before the unprecedented escalation of input cost would provide the necessaryfunding. We will make this investment inspite increasing commodity cost. Withthis investment we expect market place trends to improve and we will make ourway to 2008. This will begin after the First Quarter, which includes a shorterEaster season as we roll out our Hershey’s Bliss in Starbucks. Based on our new products plans, global growthand the increase investment to stabilize US market place performance in2008, we anticipate net sales growth to be in to 3% to 4% range. We expect overall commodity and energy coststo again increase in 2008 at levels similar to that encountered in 2007. Gross margin will be under extremely severepressure in the First Quarter due to year-over-year comparisons of dairy, aswell as other input costs and will then sequentially improve as savings fromthe Global Supply Chain Program and Annual productivity help modern idea impactof rising input cost. Given the increase in spending against in keep growthinitiative and the difficult cost environment, we anticipate EBIT to decline in2008, thus, resulting an earnings per share diluted from operations of $1.85 to$1.90. We are confident that thestrategic initiative that is highlighted today will enable us to achieve thesegoals. As we look in the long term, Hershey has many opportunities toleverage its Global brand in USscale. Work is already on their way aswe evaluate our approach to consumer insights and innovation and furtherdevelop a consumer driven approach to the portfolio. Additionally, we are setting up our margin structure,every line item within the P&L, giving the continued escalation of operatingcost. We will complete this work in the coming months and in theSecond Quarter of 2008, provide greater details of our assessment, includinginnovation plans, core brand building initiative, International growthobjectives, portfolio strategy, capital structure and long-term net sales andearnings per share goals. Throughout this review and analysis our commitment to getback on track and deliver persistent financial performance that will reward shareholders over the long term. This longterms view is shared by the Board of Directors of the Company. They have been supportive of me and my SeniorManagement team. We will do the right things in the short term that willbenefit the business over the long term, putting the Hershey in the position todeliver consistently upon its net sales and earnings per share expectations sothat, all share holders are rewarded as the company succeeds. Thank you and we will now take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jonathan Feeney with WachoviaSecurities.
Jonathan Feeney –Wachovia Securities: Dave, with all your general environment of inflation outthere, I know you have mentioned some items on your cost basket, but how areothers in the industry – your pricing,because it seems like most food items are pricing up pretty dramatically andeven if I was at the measures data through chocolate pricing in the categoriesup strong in there, are you having those conversations with retailers and ifthere is any thought of …and because you have these pervasive costs that areactually covered with less severe for maybe your company and then, some of theother more brand-based company that is out there. You can get some of room in marching back there?
David West : John I cannot comment specifically on any price-relatedissues. The category remains competitiveas I mentioned in my remarks, particularly innovation and spending andmerchandising and it is a tough market, but I am not going to give you specificsabout pricing.
Jonathan Feeney –Wachovia Securities: The convenience channel you have mentioned, that seem to beparticularly competitive. Is there anything that was done in the past, particularly, through that channel or certainexcuse through that channel that have made that difficult, that may havebottomed and make it easier for the company to grow next year?
David West: I think there a couple of things in the convenience channel,we certainly are deploying two for 2008. First is retail coverage, we certainly have expanded our retail coveragewith part time sales merchandises that are going to be focused on theconvenience channel. We will be muchmore active in making sure that we get core distribution in all our items inthe right places and we have a much better merchandising program of key eventsin 2008. In 2007 we still have an impact of some of discontinueditems and we did not participate fully in the refreshment growth that occurredin the category, but as we go forward, we are really focused on execution atthe convenience store shelf.
Jonathan Feeney –Wachovia Securities: Finally, in your balance sheets, they are extremely strongright now, I was little surprised to hear that there was not much stock orpurchase activity in the Fourth Quarter. Is there something you are saving enough money for or is that something,I presume more aggressively through the course of 2008?
David West: John in the Fourth Quarter as you are aware, we had a fewnews items going on, so we will pretty much watch out on that so we were notactive to participants in the market in Fourth Quarter. We still have a $100 million left on theshare repurchased that we had out there. Obviously, this is a topic for Board level discussion, we are engagedwith the new board and the conversation around the capital structure and thatconversation is ongoing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terry Bivens with Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens - BearStearns:  Dave, question on marketing. I was not a marketing major but it seems to me, one of thedisappointments that Hershey has experienced over the past couple of years isyou have had this really rapid growth in Dark Chocolate, and the company wasnot able to forge the market share there that you had in the generalmarket. Looking back, why do you thinkthat was? Did you underestimate how hardthe competitors would come in, and most importantly how do you think that getskind a back on track?
David West: Well, Terry that is very interesting. I think that we do have a very good share ofsolid dark chocolate. The normalHershey’s special dark bar, extra dark products have done very well. I think what is happening and there is ablurring obviously of premium and trade up. Some of those products are dark or richer and more indulgent, that isthe area where we have not played, as well as, a consumer looks to trade up fromthe experience standpoint of Cacao Reserve last year was an entry that we madeinto that area. We feel good about the progress that we made on Cacao Reservebut we just do not have the skill in that segment and that was Hershey’s Blissand the Starbucks launch that we have coming this year. It gives us scale and the ability to playtowards our strengths, which is retail coverage, category management, and we dobelieve that the Hershey brand with Hershey’s Bliss can play in thatspace. We are very excited about theproduct offering.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine McCracken with ClevelandResearch.
Christen McCracken – Cleveland Research:  I guess to your last comment on “on the Bliss and Starbucks.” Do you feel that with those editions that youare actually going to get to a size that gives you the capability to get moreinvolved in the category management because the sounds at least from the retailcommunity is that they are actually maybe changing the way they handle managingthe category. What gives you the insightor have you had those discussions that you get more involved in managing, kindof that premium and super premium effort at retail, maybe you can give us alittle more color around that.
David West: Well Christine, we are the category of captain in just aboutevery major account in the aisle in confectionary. So we are involved in those conversations,although, it is very difficult to be involved in actively managing that part ofthe category, when we frankly do not have a lot, we do not have a lot of itemsor scale. But those items or scale, obviously, we will continue tocategory captain and we have been involved in the dialogue all along. We just have more breath and portfolio scalebringing into the market place right now.
ChristenMcCracken-Cleveland Research: Then just on Cacao Reserve, you have mentioned that you madea lot of progress there, but it seems there is a lot of discounting on thatproduct lately. Is that part of thestrategy maybe to develop the brands to get more awareness, I mean, how are youmanaging that branch to solidify your presence in premium and super premium?
David West: Actually, we are very pleased with the household trialpenetration that we got and the repeat rate has been very good on some of thenew Cacao Reserve items, we are the number one dark chocolate in consumer portsunder the Cacao Reserve brand. So, weare please with the product that we have made from a consumer standpoint. I think what you maybe thinking in the market place from adiscounting standpoint is likely going to be -- as we rotate to the portfolio,we launched the number of items in 2007, and some of them were very wellreceived by the consumers. And there arecouple of forms where we launched that were not, and those were rotatingthrough the system right now and getting them out of the shelf when we comeback in with truffles and anything squares that are a little bit more alignwith what the consumer and that segment wants. So, we did learn a lot as we went through 2007 on CacaoReserve. Portfolio will change,somewhat, it is will be more in line, I think, with what consumers are playingback to us that they want and we are excited about going forward and it nowhas… as you bring Bliss, as trading up on Hershey’s signatures into thecategory. Cacao reserve does not stand-alone. It becomes something that we now have theability to do in broader scale, and the global supply chain transformation, aswe get further down the road with our facility monitoring Mexico. We have the ability to make items that Ithink that are a little bit more unique and in different packaging than we havemade before.
ChristenMcCracken-Cleveland Research: And finally on these competitive activity and kind of ageneral everyday business, I am wondering. Do you see any change to that? Hasthere been any shift from a competitive stand point from your competitors, Iguess, and in terms of their plans or their level of discounting, or is it justthis constant ongoing struggle that you are going to have in that largest partof your business? Why are you kind ahurting yourself? Why does not that thecategory get more disciplined?
David West: Christine, I think is that the category traditionally is onethat really drives around innovation and merchandising, and frankly, we did nothave any particularly good merchandizing program because we do not have thetype of innovation that we needed in 2007. So, we are very focused as we spoke of forwarding 2008 around theinnovation that we have, particularly in trade up and in premium. But also importantly, in terms of the retailinvestment, we have made to improve our merchandising, and a bettermerchandising calendar that is really what is going to drive the change, Ithink, in terms of our share of merchandising, and it is really left around theanything round the promotion. It is reallymore of a “Do you have something to promote?”.
Operator:  For our next question, comes from David Driscoll-CitiInvestment
David Driscoll – CitiInvestment: These is really going to go down here as a quite a disasterfor Hershey. In 2007, you lose 270 basispoints of operating margins in 2008, and another 200 basis points, in two yearswe are going to be down almost 500 basis points. Dave, I got to go back to the pricing side, thisseems to be an unprecedented period of gross inflation, your margins aregetting absolutely hammered and we are not hearing anything out of you guys onpricing. Can the category. I understand you do not want to announce futureprice increases before they come, but historically this category has beenextremely good about getting price increases because of the inelasticity ofdemand. Has something changed here? Is there some reason why we should believethat it is not possible to get pricing? 
David West: David I am not going to comment specifically onpricing. It is an unprecedented run upand cross over the couple of years. Weare working very hard at getting our gross margins in line. Any number of letters, the global supply chaintransformation based productivity but I am not going to comment on anythingabout pricing policy.
David Driscoll – CitiInvestment: Even for the category or just the historicalperspective. I mean, has anything changedin there that you would want to call out for us?
David West: I am not going to comment again on pricing David, it is notappropriate for me to do that, but the category growth rate last year was again3.5% and that has been—historically the category is growing in that 2.5% to3.5% range. The biggest difference for us in 2007 is that we did notdrive the growth. And we have to get ourprograms and our people align to drive, to grow in the category, and thatgrowth came in premium, and it came in trade up, and it came in refreshmentwhere we did not just participate as we should, and that is really where we arefocus on. Making sure we have theappropriate programs to participate in the category growth. So, the fundamental growth rate in the category remainspretty good and for us, it is a matter of gaining share rather than loosingshare.
David Driscoll – CitiInvestment: Just a final question, you for a long time defended the longterm growth model of the business at 3% to 4% top line and 9% to 11% at thebottom line, so it is going to be a tough day for share holders of thecompany. You have only given perspectiveon 2008, can you give us some thoughts as to what you believe the long-termmodel can and should be.
David West: David I had mentioned back in October that is currentlyunder review. It is certainly is a boardlevel conversation that is already underway. The management team of the company has already had thoseconversations. They are on their waywith the board. We will communicatesomething to you out here in second quarter on a long-term outlook, obviouslygiven the investment required in the business that we feel from a consumer’sstandpoint as well as the current cost environment. We are looking very closely at that growthalgorithm.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Powers with Edward Jones
Dave Powers – EdwardJones:  Couple of questions for you Dave, regarding your operation andimproving initiative, what are you guys doing to improve on those in terms ofbeing -- How do you see the benefits impacting the company?
David West:  In terms of the productivity programs that we have underway,they are really too full and I think we have talked to them on the earliercomments. The supply changetransformation is very focused on a flexibility of our plans and theconcentration of our manufacturing resources that will provide not only greaterproduct and package capabilities but also lower costs. We do have a full program of base productivity where we lookat all of the other parts of our business, and are more focused on those thanever, given the cost environment. Interms of six months specifically we do look at (inaudible) in our business anduse it as a tool the same as we would, any of the productivity tools that weuse. 
Dave Powers – EdwardJones: Are you guys using or to measure result in terms of like, OEEor -- what is important to you, so you see how your core business is running?
Bert Alfonso: We do not comment specifically on the metrics that we useand within our supply chain, we do have a set of metrics that we measureourselves against to make sure that we are achieving the savings and theproductivity targets that we have for ourselves internally.
Dave Powers – EdwardJones: And going forward regarding your operation initiative, whatsystem of solutions are you putting in place to accelerate this initiative?
Bert Alfonso:  In terms of initiatives, we are continuing with the plansthat we have put in place. We are makingthe progress that we expect. I hadmentioned that all of the savings targets over the next couple of years that weput out in the market place. We believe areachievable at this stage and the rangers remain exactly as we had anticipatedwhen we started the project. We aremaking the progress and moving forward on that regard.
Dave Powers – EdwardJones: You have been telling this after quite sometimes and over thelast two years your stock is down 80% minimum, I mean, you talked about whatmetrics are measuring it, everything is very vague. The shareholders on this call want to hearwhat you, David West, are going to be doing in terms of “how do you measure yourself?” And that is very critical to investors whowant to buy you stock. Return on thoseassets is very important to most CEO, OEE is extremely most important to CEO’s,how are you guys measuring yourself so we know whether you are doing the rightjob?
Bert Alfonso: This is Bert Alfonso, it was not David, and I just did notwant cause confusion for you. We holdourselves to the measures that are common within the market place. Certainly all the financial measure that wetalked about in our press release are critical measures for us and on theoperating side, we use a different set of measures, more margin related andcost per production related.
Dave Powers-EdwardJones: Cost per production, okay. How do you see those benefits impacting your bottom line?
Bert Alfonso: They benefit us in terms of how much we can offset therising cost within our business. I had alreadymentioned previously in the comments, our savings from the supply chain transformationare targeted to achieve $172,190 million of savings between now and 2010. We believe that we are firmly on track toachieve those, and as already said, we do look for productivity across thebusiness not just in the supply chain.
Dave Powers-EdwardJones: Okay, and going forward to my final question. What is your number one goal to accomplishthis year in terms of reducing cost improving throughput through out all yourplans? How do you plan throughput throwall your plans to make sure you are getting the right product, to the rightcostumers at the right time at the right price?
Bert Alfonso: In terms of the number one objective, obviously is toachieve the cost that we have planed for 2008, but there are number ofvariables that affect that. You aretalking throughput that is more about our marketing programs and our ability toincrease our sales, so obviously there are some relationships, but purely froman operational view.
Dave Powers-EdwardJones: You know, when I say throughput, I am not talking aboutmarketing and sales. I am talking aboutthroughput to your plans. How you are improving,that is why I was asking about OEE earlier throughput to your plans to makesure you are maximizing your assets and making sure you are getting the rightreturn on in all your internal investments.
Bert Alfonso: Clearly, we are focus on having the best cost profile thatwe can. Honestly! I am not sure where are you going in terms oftrying to pin us down to one measure?
David West: We gave a lot of detail back in February about metricsrelated and passing the utilization and you and I can follow up after the callon that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert Moskow with CreditSuisse
Robert Moskow – CreditSuisse: Dave, I wanted to know, are you comfortable with the managementteam and the restructuring that you have done over the past couple ofmonths. Do you feel like you have theright people in place or are you going outside and trying to bring more spacesin at top levels, and if so, if you are doing any hiring, are you having anytrouble persuading people to come to Hershey in the midst of this challengingtime for the company?
David West:  Rob, I am very pleased to the management team that we havein place. We use our internal successionmanagement plan to fill 40 roles in the latter part of the last year. The CFOrole, the global chief marketing officer as well, the head of International NorthAmerican commercial group, we have made some changes in early December to theway we are working through global marketing and innovation, and some of the brandingwork. Clearly, our 2007 results would bear. It was not working to the way that we would likedto have, so we did make some changes in global marketing and innovation. We are very please with the team that we havein place. We have two open spots on my staff. The Senior Vice President of HR has announcedher retirement and she is obviously helping through transition until that spotis filled. And then we also have GlobalSupply Chain job open, both of those are active searches internal and external, and at this point in time I would tellyou -- based on the prospects for the company, the opportunity to work with thekind of brands that we have. We are nothaving any issues getting a list of candidates that we are happy with.
Robert Moskow-CreditSuisse: Okay, and lastly, when you come back to us in Second Quarter,I guess my first question is how long have you been working on this revisedplan and thinking about changing your growth algorithm? Why can’t we hear about this today? What are you still analyzing? And then secondly, you say you are assessingyour marginal structure but the guidance already implies another 200 basis pointdecline in margins to 15.5. We have notseen those kinds of levels since 2001. So isn’t your margin structure already adjusted?
David West: Rob, I think that the answer to your question -- when wetalked back in October on the call and Ricky just announced that he was goingto retire, we have talked about coming back to you in January with a view to thelong-term growth model. Obviously if youthink the change since then, we are in the process of finalizing some of thosethings at the board level and those conversations that obviously needs tohappen first before we can communicate with you. Clearly, the operating margin structure and the reductionobviously we had in 2007 is that we are calling for year 2008 reflect the needsfor us to make the necessary investment in the business, in the US marketplace, in the core brands as well as in the trade up and premium space and alsointernationally. We will have a littlebit more flavor for you but I think what you need from us is that we are goingto make the necessary investments in the long-term and help with the business. The work has been underway, and we will continue to reviewthat management and board level and be back sometime in the second quarter.
Robert Moskow-CreditSuisse: I guess my question is, do you feel like you have a goodidea of what you are going to do to improve the operations of the company. And then it is just a matter of the new boardmembers being in place anytime they get in front of them of they time to getcomfortable or do you feel like you have these plans already in place? And now it is just a matter of getting infront of the new people that are involved, or things changing and you are stillanalyzing what to do?
David West: Well, we are clearly not standing still. We have a global supply chain transformation whichis a large project the company has ever undergone and that one inunderway. We have done the jointventures in manufacturing in Chinaand India. We are going to invest in those businesses;we have Starbucks and Bliss, so we clearly have a number of key initiativeswhich are aimed at improving the results of the business. A couple of things that I did mention today is I said forexample, the Kisses brand. There aresome things in the portfolio that are not working as well as we want them to,some of them are specifically brands and others might be segments of businessthat were looking at, and that work as I said, back in October had alreadybegun and as part of the long-term growth algorithm, as well as, capitalstructure, et cetera. When have begun those conversations with the new boardand we are going to continue to work it through at that level, and that is theappropriate way for us to go about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard with SanfordBernstein
Alexia Howard – Sanford Bernstein: A couple of quick ones, can I ask about some of the non-corebusinesses that you have? I am thinking particularly about the Monolower(ph) acquisition and perhaps some of the Four A’sin to more snacking categories, like cookies and so on. Can you give us a quick updates on wherethose stand and what the plan is for those. I understand that the Monolower(ph) business was a quite disappointingin margins for a while plus the acquisition and cookies, the four-A in there hasbeen somewhat challenging and getting growth in that. Is the idea to really focus back on the corechocolate portfolio and spend most of your investment dollars going forward onthat part of the business?
Bert Alfonso: We generally do not comment or speculate on any acquisitionsor divestance for that matter. Withrespect to the businesses that you mentioned, we regularly look at a portfolioanalysis and we are in the process of that, and it is a part of a work that weare doing that Dave had already mentioned to discuss these with the board. The core businesses refocus strictly with in the chocolateside of the business, yes! We areclearly putting more resources of what has been put in to chocolate againstthose core brands, as we focus more on reviving Hershey’s and Reese’s, Kisses andKitKat. So I would not comment what theexact plans are for those business, although, I would say that yes! It is a regular part of our practice to lookat our portfolio breath, and have those discussions with the board
Alexia Howard-SanfordBernstein: Just finally coming back to general sales, bouncing back tobetween 3% and 4% this year is quite a decent step up from working within overthe last couple of years. Given thesimilar levels of competition and that has clearly been an issue since late2006, and some of the market dynamics out there, can you give us quick two orthree top items of what gives you the confidence that things can bereinvigorated these year on the top line.
David West : Yes! We are much moreconfident in our ability to compete in the trade up and premium space whichdrove a lot of the category growth last year with the Hershey’s Bliss and Starbuckslaunched. We have a better merchandising program supported by retailcoverage which is 20% more people than we had last year, and as we got 2008 weare shipping much more towards, the consumption pattern in the US. Do you remember in the vital part of theyear, we had some distributor inventory productions? So that will cover the US and then globallywe continue to get good growth, we have five months of – or in the acquisition,we made that in May of last year and we expect to get some good growth in Chinaand other markets as well.
Operator: For our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow with BMOCapital Markets
Kenneth Zaslow – BMOCapital Markets: Couple of quick ones right after that, the 3% to 4% that isinternal or that is including acquisition, it sounds like it is includingacquisitions?
David West: It includes the just the stab period of the -- acquisition
Kenneth Zaslow – BMOCapital Markets:  Maybe I missed this but you said that the commodity increasefor 2008 will be similar to 2007. Whatwas the commodity increase in 2007.
David West: I believe we have said in the past that -- of the marginimpact, it was the majority of that around 220 basis points.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMOCapital Markets: So that is still exactly what happened in ’07?
David West: That is what happened in 2007, and similar levels in 2008.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMOCapital Markets: Okay, in terms of when you are assessing the margin structure,does that mean that ‘09 could potentially be another down year or is 2008 thebottom of the way you think EPS growth would be?
David West: Our comment about assessing the margin structure is beyondthe goal of supply chain transformation. We clearly know that we need to generate a significant amount ofproductivity through out the P&L given the input cost environment that weare in. So I would not read it toanything other than us making sure that we have a full assessment of where our productivityis going to come from going forward.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMOCapital Markets: Does this mean that your margin can contract beginning ‘09and then we haven’t reached the bottom on your margin structure yet then, is itnot that the implication?
David West :  I am not going to project for beyond what we already told youhere on a call today, that comment, specifically, is intended for you tounderstand how aggressively we are looking through our P&L in our business,to make sure that we have the appropriate levels of productivity in this costenvironment.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMOCapital Markets: My last question is, since 2003 Hershey has added about $ 1billion with the sales, but your EPS is essentially the same as 2003. How are you changing the way you look at incrementalsales and how does that, because again you have created these billion dollarsof incremental sales and yet, your EPS is right back to 2003 level. What is changing in how you assessincremental sales?
David West : I think one thing that you need to focus on what ishappening in the cost input between 2003 and 2008, when you talk about theincremental sales and the gross margin obviously is associated with that. And, some of the sales that we have added hasbeen more global, which are going to come at a lower margin. Those would be the two factors I would askyou to think about. When it comes toincremental sales, we would probably talk specifically that some of the USinnovation was not nearly as incremental as we would have liked it to have been,but beyond that and those would be the factors that I would have you consider.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMOCapital Markets: Other package income has also experienced the highercommodities and they are not having such the divergence between sales inEPS. And, again I am not trying to kickyou way down. I understand thecommodities, but are there other internal issues that, that could be correctedand changed that would not have this issue repeat, aside from the commodityissue?
David West: I think the other issue that the only other thing I wouldsay is that we are investing aggressively behind our brands.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews with MorganStanley.
VincentAndrews-Morgan Stanley: I just have more a philosophical question? I guess now that most of the other questionshave been answered, but it seems like your competition has really taken you bysurprise over the last couple of years and you are still in a very defensivestance, trying to get back to zero on a lot of levels and what point in the --to look beyond, just trying to defend yourself and perhaps come up with thingsthat will in turn take your competition by surprise and really put you in amore offensive mode from a competitive perspective.
David West :  I would say it is less about the competition, it is moreabout consumer and the way we approached innovation and insights, took us to aplace that we made a choice back in 2004 and 2005 to expand our portfolio andadjacencies. That proves to not benearly as incremental nor to us as we would have liked. At the same time within the category, aconsumer needs more changing in their demands, we are changing with respect topremium chocolate and trading up in chocolate and we did not meet that mergingconsumer demand and the same with refreshment. We did not meet some of the emerging consumer demands there,so we are much more focused on consumer demand and insights right now than wewould have been in our innovation portfolio in the past. Clearly, some of our competitors did a better job in certainareas in meeting some of that consumer needs and we did not. It is less about what the competition hasdone to us it is more about what we did not do with the consumer and believe me,we have a laser-like focus on that consumer insight right now and those aresome of the things we have we have talked about in terms of changing theportfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman – Deutsche Bank Securities: I cannot believe it, but I actually do have somequestions. Did you say how much the costbasket, however, you want to define that, was up in ‘07 in percentage terms? Did I miss that?
David West : What we said was that our expectation in ’08 was that wewould have a similar level of cost increase as we did in ’07. Taking it back to the ’07 numbers, just toget you grounded, in ’07 gross margin decline was 220 basis points and theproductivity was offsetting a 240 basis point commodity cost increase.
Eric Katzman - DeutscheBank Securities: Are we then able to calculate, because most of the companiesin the business have said our cost basket in ’07 was up 7% or 10%, so I am justtrying to get a better feel as to what that percent increase is, kind of whereyou are versus the group, let as say, average.
David West : We have not talked about it; we did not talk about it thatway. We have talked about it much morein terms of the gross margin impact and you know 200 basis points of gross margincontraction, along the way and that you can convert that if you like, but we asimilar amount of commodity plus pressure this year. It might not be on the same parts of theinput basket as it was in 2007, but overall, the grain complexes are up, theywere up markedly in ’07 and we still have of that spill over in the FirstQuarter of 2008 and it fuels up, et cetera, et cetera, so maybe it is adifferent part of the basket, but it is pretty much the same kind of anincrease.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just a follow up in to your last point David, which I feltwas very accurate and right on point, in terms of R&D and innovations andthat is in many ways were the company has stumbled. The argument was always made there that likeAmericans just want a Hershey, sweet type of milk chocolate product and thatthey want what it is coming out of, let us say, more indulgent European-typechocolate, but the company always have the ability , in terms of R&D tomake it, if they wanted to and I guess we do not get much visibility intoR&D there and it is not normally something that we have to focus in on, butit seems to me that, that is a pretty critical component and I guess, I do notknow if the Second Quarter, is it going to be a meeting or if it is just aconference call, but it seems to me that we have to get pretty comfortable thatthe R&D pipeline is really going to be resurrected. It sounds like across most of the portfolio.
David West : Our intention is to meet live and not do a conference call,as we come forward with this Eric, but you are right on target on a number ofthings. We have the ability to changethe flavor profile of the chocolate. Wehave not always had within our manufacturing infrastructure, the ability tochange package formats and piece, sizes and shapes, et cetera. That is one of the things that the Global Supply Chain Transformationenables us to do, which certainly will give us a lot more possibilities withmeeting with consumer needs and insights, but we are clearly in our profilein’03, ‘04 and ‘05 was much more around providing variety to the consumers,varieties of the brands that we already have and that proved of not beingmerely as incremental or sustainable, as we have initially liked it to havebeen.  We are really now focusing on consumer insights and back tothe consumer demand, trying to find the white spaces and some of our brands and some of the packthat needs to be repositioned, because they have lost some of that relevancewith consumers over time.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank Securities: And, that is what you are pointing to last call as supposedto a price repositioning.
David West : Correct, it is a clearly a price value repositioning. Some of our brands, frankly the consumers haveother all alternatives and they are making a choice that they are willing topay a little more for something else. Wehave got fundamentally some of the best brands in the category. We got with Hershey’s Kisses, the Hersheybrand itself Reese’s, those brands can and should play with all of the consumerneeds, tapes that are out there. We needto do a better job, be it product packaging, positioning on those corebrands. The network is under way withwork with a feverish pace that you would expect it should.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar with LehmanBrothers. Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers I guess Dave, what I am trying to better determine iswhether the investment levels you are talking about for ‘08 and the associatedlower EPS year-over-year, whether those are actually enough and if so, why doyou feel that is the case? It comes downto obviously the marketing levels that you are looking to apply, even if youtake the difference between where estimates, where and where they are now goingto be for ‘08. Even if all of thatincremental was applied, specifically only to advertising, maybe that takes therate of advertising as a percent of sales up, maybe to 5% or so and maybe thatis enough, I do not know, but I know some of that, obviously is going to beapplied to non-advertising consumer spend and maybe some of it is just to coverinput cost during the year and things like that. I guess I am trying to get a sense of what isthe right level of marketing spend and do you think that ‘08 is a year whereyou get all the way there, or is it a wait and see and there might be more thatis needed as you go on to ’09 and beyond?
David West : I rather say it is a very, very good question and the onethat we continually evaluate and resolute. When you think about what we did in 2003, 2004, 2005 at LimitedEdition. The Limited Edition was a knownproduct, was in slightly new form. Therewas not a lot of need to communicate that to the consumers, as long as you gotit appropriately merchandised and as we look back on that, timeframe, we arenot ingesting in the core brand, to the same extent. We are allowing the Limited Edition to carrysome of that news to market. As we get to trade up in premium, where we need tocommunicate to the user, a new use education, a new precious in cue, a newpackaging format, clearly that is going to cost us of more from a consumerstandpoint and also, were fundamentally are back to the core, particularly,when you think about our C-Store and most or our business and we got some greatcore franchises. The challenge for us is not only the level of spending, buthow well we spend it. Our Reese’sspending last year worked phenomenally well. You could argue that our Kisses spending did it. You look at the Kisses brand and what happento the Kisses brand in Fourth Quarter, while we had spending, we did not getthe results. We want it, because theproduct is just not positioned the way it needs to be and we need to work onthat. We clearly are investing more on the brands. We did it in ’07, we are going to do it againin ’08 and we will continue to evaluate that, but we do feel much better aboutourselves, where we are from a brand spending in going into ’08. Clearly, I loved to not have the commodityhad it went to fight into, but that is the reality. The market place, what we need to do is rightto business long term, so we were back into over time, but to take a little bitmore insights, in terms of how we are thinking of positioning and spending. Right now, the guidance for ’08 is the best Ican to give you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer with UBS.
David Palmer-UBS: I am curious, I guess building on some of these questionsabout innovation. I wanted to focus onthe C-store channel and single-serve innovation, in particular, obviously itpulled back somewhat and some of your non-chocolate categories, but I amperhaps more concerned with the closure of core innovation in single-served,perhaps has not really moved the needle, as much as you would hoped in recentyears. As well as I am thinking aboutKissables and Take 5. I am wondering,away from premium, what you are perhaps thinking and doing differently with thelikes of Reese’s Whipps and future innovation that might hit this channel insingle-served, that would make these more incremental and sustainable in yourmind.
Bert Alfonso:  Actually, in convenience stores, our chocolate brands, ourchocolate takeaway was actually up a little more a percent, during the year, sofor 2007. We did grow our chocolatebusiness in the convenience store and Reese’s Whipps and Reese’s Crispy Crunchyare clearly good examples of that. Whatwe have going in 2008 in convenience is much better merchandising against ourcore brands. Rather than LimitedEditions being the vehicle for merchandising, it is much more on the core andhaving significantly more retail help, of getting the shelf right, getting thedistribution levels up are the two things that in 2008 are going to certainlyhelp us.
David Palmer-UBS: Dave when you reflect back on some of these biggerinnovations, bigger steps perhaps you think back and think perhaps we shouldhave spent more on marketing or maybe there is something on the taste profileand you are testing that you could have done differently. Is there any learning that you can share withus about ways that you could make your bigger, riskier innovations, have ahigher hit rate and more incremental?
David West : We do have a lot of learning, particularly on some of thebrands that you talked about and again it comes back to positioning, consumerinsight and what benefits the brand brings and what needed their meeting. We do have some lessons learned there on someof those brands, but realistically, for us right now on 2008, we are focused onthose core brands in convenience stores, because we need to do a better job onexecuting the against the core. We havebetter programs against them and that is where we are going to win in 2008.
David Palmer-UBS: I remember Rick used to talk about, perhaps, there was aparalysis through over analysis and that you wanted to get the organization movingfaster with innovation. Is there now athinking, perhaps, there was not enough homework done on some of the thingsthat were pushed at the market, in some way, that you are thinking goingforward?
David West : I do not think it was speed issue, in terms of gettingthings to the market too fast. I do notthink that clearly is not it. I think welaunched a large amount of new news and that new news does not prove to benearly as incremental and the challenge we had that so much new news going inthe market at the same time is as that new news flows, you then have to take itall back out and one of the drags that we have in 2007 and in the latter partof 2006 was really a lot of that innovations as it slowed, it came back in formof either returns or just sat on the shelves longer that we would have likedand it just locked up the system and therefore the core brands did not get thekind of attention that we would like them to have. But, as they are going forward, our approachinnovation will be very different and we will look forward to sharing that withyou over time.
David Palmer-UBS: I guess I will let you have the last word, but I am justtrying to figure out, what reason you would present if there is like one top onthe list type reason that this core, single-served type innovations that youinevitably have, the Reese’s Whipps-type stuff. Why should it be more incremental and sustainable than the steps we haveseen in the last few years? If you haveany file comments on that, I just leave it there.
David West : I think about what we done with Reese’s brand, with Reese’sCrispy Crunchy, new form and texture of the Reese’s brand, Reese’s Whipps witha lower fat claim on that big brand. That is a very different approach on Reese’s then, I am just going tohave another line extension inside-out Reese’s couple, dark chocolate thatcomes in and out. Again, having a muchmore targeted, focused benefit that we are bringing on those brands versus justanother flavor line extension that kind of goes into the system and comes backout. We did that on Reese’s on 2007 andwe will do that on other brands as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with JP Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic-JPMorgan: One question first for Bert and then, one for youDavid. Bert, in terms of the guidancefor 2008, I do not know if you told us, we usually with margins down to 200 to250 basis points, but what is the algorithm there within gross margins and SG&A. Are you implying that gross margins are goingto be down to 200 basis points and change SG&A the sales will be flat? What is the mix there, that you are assumingin your guidance?
Bert Alfonso : We actually did not comment exactly on gross margin and wedid comment on commodity impact that we expect between net sales and grossmargin. SG&A clearly we said wouldbe increasing and the factors that drive those are the full year impact of theretail sale force increase. We do havemore behind our sales and marketing, as well as, innovation pieces andadvertising is going up, as well. Ithink we mentioned what that percentage was, so a most specific comment on themovement of gross margin, other than the commodities and a lot of the off settingimpact that we have from productivity and absolutely a lot more investment inSG&A.
Pablo Zuanic - JPMorgan: I guess, one for Dave, in getting to the terms and idea, Iam trying to understand marketing spending, but we look at Wrigley and they spent11% of our sales advertising and I guess the more that you are moving to singleserves away from package candy and I suppose you will continue thatstrategy. There is a need to moveclosure to Wrigley, 11% and a 2%, I know it was touched on before, but what isthe big difference between chocolate and gum if you are pushing in to singleserves. I assume single serves impliesmore impulse purchases and as a result, on top of my mind, being needed by theconsumers. Hence, a little bit moreadvertising would be needed. Can youback to that, please?
David West: Pablo, I think a single serve is a very profitable part ofour business, but here we have a very large seasonal business, very largepackage candy business and clearly trade up and premium are going to be in theaisle, not necessarily in the ends of consumable version and so, therefore,those parts of the portfolio tend to move much more based on merchandisingfeature and display. Therefore, thereare more trade promotion intensive than certainly the front end would be and westill have a very large part of our portfolio in our scale is in the aisle andwe need to win on that part of our business. Therefore, the model will tend to be different versus a strictlyinconsumable kind of a business.
Pablo Zuanic – JPMorgan: One last Dave, if I may, I am just trying to get a goodsense, in terms of the niches of business within the premium and trade up onwhat you call the main stream. Can yougive as a sense, it seems if the market is still up 3%, that obviously premiumand trade has cannibalized the core. Give us a sense, in terms of what is your market share, in each of thosetwo segments, premium trade up and where are you, in terms of core and is itfair to say that the share loss has been really mixed related. That your share remains and has been stable,can you walked us through that? Anycaller here would help.
David West : I am not going to give you specific shares, I will tell youthat the growth rates of the premium and trade up are certainly higher than thecategory average. The growth that hascome in premium and trade up would certainly from our competitors who tookadvantage, much more so, than we did. Aswe looked at 2008, we need to grow in those growing segments of the categorythat are growing in a much more rapid pace. The largest part of the category is still in the everyday business andthat is also where I think we have the most work to do, to make sure that weare properly positioned and giving the consumers the right benefits and gettingthe right price value equation there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Most of my questions have been answered. I will just follow-up off line.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Robert Moskow with CreditSuisse.
Robert Moskow: Hey Bert, in your topic spending for a week, how much isthat spending is for the restructuring plan and how much is core?
- Credit Suisse: Hey Bert, in your topic spending for a week, how much isthat spending is for the restructuring plan and how much is core?
Bert Alfonso: A larger portion is related to the restructuring andfrankly, the CAPEX next year is higher, breath primarily a shift, from thisyear to next year. It does not affectthe progress that we are making on the supply change transformation, but it doesreflects the certain decisions that we made in terms on how we paced thecapital addition. The majority isrelated to that and obviously, included in that is the Monetary facility, whichis a sizeable investment.
Robert Moscow - CreditSuisse: You mean that the majority of the increase or the majorityof the overall spending as restructuring?
Humberto Alfonso : Majority of the overall.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Driscoll of CitiInvestment.
David Driscoll – CitiInvestment: Can you comment on the place fixing allegations in Canada and the corresponding issue that might bearriving here in the United States. Is there any comments that you could make to us about what is happeningon this?
David West: In view of the ongoing investigation by the CompetitionBureau in Canada,we cannot comment on specific allegations. We can tell you that we continue to cooperate fully with theinvestigating authority in Canada. We will cooperate fully in any active USinvestigations. We have not been askedto provide information related to this matter in the US,so therefore, we do not have any details and we are really not able to provideany additional information on the US matter.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time, are there anyclosing remarks?
David West : Thank you for joining us with today call, Bert Alfonso and Iwill now be available later this morning for any follow-up questions you mayhave. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s the Hershey Company Fourth Quarter2007 Result Conference Call.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Pogharian – IR Richard Lenny – Chairman, CEO  Bert Alfonso - CFO  David West - COO 
Analysts:  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse  Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities  David Palmer - UBS  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley  Christine McCracken - ClevelandResearch  Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank  Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns  Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch  Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs  David Driscoll - Citi  Alexia Howard - SanfordBernstein  James Amoroso - Helvea  Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers  Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan 
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Hershey Companythird quarter 2007 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr.Pogharian, you may begin your conference.
Mark Pogharian: Thank you, Phyllis and good morning, ladies and gentlemen.Welcome to the Hershey Company's third quarter conference call. Richard Lenny,Chairman and CEO; David West, President; Bert Alfonso, Senior Vice Presidentand CFO; and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call.  We welcome those of you listening via the webcast.  Let me remind everyone listening that today's conferencecall may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements arebased on current expectations, which are subject to risk and uncertainty.Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-lookingstatements, because of factors such as those listed in this morning's pressrelease and in our 10-K for 2006 filed with the SEC. If you have not seen thepress release, a copy is posted on our corporate website www.Hersheys.com inthe Investor Relations section.  Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheetand summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance withGAAP, as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statements of income,quantitatively reconciled to GAAP. As we've said in the press release, the companyuses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performanceinternally.  These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace thepresentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the companybelieves the presentation of earnings excluding certain items providesadditional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past andpresent operations.  We will discuss our third quarter results of 2007 and 2006excluding net pretax charges associated with our previously announced businessrealignment initiative to advance the company's value-enhancing strategy. Theseare net pretax charges of $151.9 million in the third quarter of 2007 and $1.1 million in the third quarter of2006. Our discussion of year-to-date results and any future projections willalso exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignmentinitiatives.  With that, let me turn the call over to Richard Lenny.
Richard Lenny: Thanks, Mark. The third quarter, while below expectations intotal, did experience good progress in key aspects of our business, mostnotably a strong improvement in our chocolate business. Through a combinationof increased investment and improved retail execution, retail takeaway onHershey's core chocolate business increased by 6%, led by our top four brands,which had a combined gain of 8%. Additional improvements in trend were achievedin convenience stores and loose bars. This performance drove a 3.5% increase intotal retail takeaway with improvement across all classes of trade.  However, category innovation within dark chocolate andrefreshment, as well as strong competitive activity, curtailed thisperformance. Market share in reported channels decreased by 1.1 points withhalf of this decline in refreshment. Net sales off 1% were impacted by areduction in inventory levels within certain customers and classes of trade andthe fall off in previously introduced new items. Lower sales and the impact ofhigher commodity costs, primarily dairy, resulted in diluted earnings per sharefrom operations of $0.68. Importantly, good progress was made on Hershey's strategicpriorities of disciplined global expansion and the supply chain transformation.Both of these initiatives will enable Hershey to more broadly participate inglobal category growth and ensure that margins expand sufficiently to invest inour brands and selling capabilities, regardless of the market.  As we move into the fourth quarter, we do anticipate furthergains in the marketplace behind selected new items, a significant step-up inconsumer and customer support, and a double-digit increase in retail coverage.However, the competitive activity and inventory tightening levels experiencedduring the third quarter will persist through year end.  Therefore, full-year net sales are expected to decline byabout 1%, with 2007 diluted earnings per share from operations to be within the$2.08 to $2.12 range. Bert will provide the details of the third quarter andyear-to-date performance; Dave will then discuss major growth plans for thebalance of 2007 and early 2008. 
Bert Alfonso: Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. Consolidatednet sales in the third quarter of $1.4 billion came in 1.2% below the prioryear. Diluted EPS from operations of $0.68 declined 13%, primarily due tohigher commodity costs, increased consumer investment spending, and unfavorablemix due to lower shipments to select distributors.  Net sales for the quarter, excluding the benefit of theGodrej acquisition, were down 2.7%. This reflected a combined net decline involumes and negative price realization of around 3 points.  The pricing action announced in the U.S.in April had little impact in the quarter, as we protected previously agreed topromotional price points. Additionally, trade promotion increased in thequarter behind successful coupon offers that generated trial of select newitems, notably Cacao Reserve and Ice Breakers.  The decline in volume reflects gains in our internationaland artisan businesses, which were more than offset by the decline in the U.S.While retail takeaway increased in the quarter, shipments decreased to selectdistributors, as velocity at retail did not keep pace with historical patterns.Furthermore, due to deteriorating credit markets, distributors have beenfocused on improving working capitals. Turning now to marketplace performance, Hershey's retail takeawayin the quarter was ahead of shipments. Consumer takeaway for the 12 weeks endedSeptember 9, 2007 inchannels that account for over 80% of our retail businesses was up 3.5%. As areminder, these channels include food, drug, mass, Wal-Mart and conveniencestores.  Note that we continue to execute well in other non-measuredchannels such as dollar stores and importantly, Wal-Mart. In the FDMxC classesof trade, retail takeaway was up 0.5%, while we lost 1.1 share points in thelatest 12 weeks; it was a 40 basis point sequential improvement.  Our core chocolate franchises, Hershey's, Reese's, andKisses, were up in the quarter, driven by programming behind Reese's Elvis LimitedEdition, the Kisses 100th anniversary promotion and Cacao Reserve trial drivingcoupons. Increased investment spending on the core drove takeaway, which was up11% on these brands in FDMxCW channels.  The Reese’s Elvis Limited Edition and related programmingdid lead to an increase in quality merchandising in the quarter. This wasprimarily responsible for the positive C-store take away, up 0.5%, a 20 basispoint sequential improvement in total market share. Total C-store share was off1.1 points, about half of the decline accounted for by refreshments. In the twofour-week periods, Hershey Chocolate takeaway in the C-store channel has keptpace with the category, with share about flat.  Turning now to gross margins, during the third quarter grossmargin was down 220 basis points, primarily due to higher commodity costs.Specifically, dairy costs were up markedly and have remained at a high level.While dairy costs are higher, they are tracking relatively in line with ourmidyear assessment. We continue to believe that dairy will somewhat subside inthe fourth quarter.  In the third quarter, the total commodity cost negativeimpact on gross margins was about 280 basis points. While annual productivityinitiatives are on track and will exceed the prior year, these savings are morethan offset by higher input costs and unfavorable mix due to lower single-serveshipment softness. Net obsolescence costs were at normal rates in the quart andthey were favorable year-over-year.  The Godrej India business and Lotte manufacturing jointventure are operating effectively, and they did not have a material impact ongross margin or EBIT in the third quarter.  EBIT margin for the quarter was down 280 basis points, asselling, marketing and administrative costs increased about 3% versus the prioryear. Lower G&A incentives and consumer promotions were more than offset byhigher advertising and selling expense, including added retail coverage thatbegan in Q3 and will benefit 2008. Advertising was up 8% in Q3 and was significantly increasedin Q4 by more than 25%, as we increased brand support during the upcomingHalloween and holiday periods. Consumer promotion decline in the quarter, asthese funds were shifted to coupon spend to drive trial. As a result, they areaccounted for as trade promotion versus marketing expense. Total brand spendingin the quarter -- advertising, consumer promotion, and the coupon portion oftrade promotion -- was up 7% versus prior year.  Moving down the P&L, interest expense increased, comingin at $33 million versus $32 million in last year's third quarter, reflectinghigher short-term borrowings to fund the JV investments, $150 million of the$250 million repurchase program initiated earlier in the year. Borrowing costswere mitigated by improved working capital, which I will touch on later.  The tax rate for Q3 was 36.5%, slightly higher than theprior year. For the full year, we estimate that the tax rate will be 36%.Please note that on a quarterly and year-to-date basis, the reported tax rateis lower than the pro forma, due to the higher tax rate applicable to thesupply chain realignment charges.  The weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basisfor the quarter were 230.4 million versus 237.7 million versus last year's 2006third quarter, leading to an EPS of $0.68 per share diluted from operations,down 13% versus year-ago. Now, a quick recap of the year-to-date pro forma results.Net sales were flat or down, about 1%, excluding the Godrej Hershey JVacquisition in India.EBIT from operations declined 10%, with EBIT margin down 200 basis points to 18%from 20%. SM& A, while lower by $5.6 million, was roughly in line withyear-ago as a percent of net sales. Higher advertising and selling expenseswere offset by tight cost control and lower incentive compensation expense.  Gross margin at 36.1% year-to-date versus 38.3% last yearwas primarily due to increased input costs. Normal productivity, thoseexclusive of the global supply chain, are on track and running ahead of lastyear. This has helped offset higher commodity and volume mix challenges.Earnings per share diluted from operations declined 9.4% to $1.54 per share.  Turning now to the balance sheet, at the end of the thirdquarter, net trading capital decreased versus the end of last year's thirdquarter, resulting in an improvement of $142 million. Accounts receivabledecreased $42 million and remains extremely current and of high quality.Inventories were lower by $11 million compared to the third quarter last yearand accounts payable increased by $88 million.  The improvement in working capital reflects 2007 planningprograms to improve our sales and operations planning process and to manage ourdays payables.  In terms of other specific cash flow items, during thequarter, capital additions including software were $45 million. Year-to-datecapital spending is $128 million. For 2007, capital additions are targeted tobe within the $200 million to $210 million range. This is below the initialestimate of $250 million to $300 million due to the timing of projects relatedto the global supply chain transformation.  Depreciation and amortization were $84 million in thequarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to the global supplychain transformation of $33 million. Operating depreciation and amortizationwere about $50 million in the quarter and should be in the $200 million to $210million range for the full year.  We paid dividends during the second quarter of $66 millionand we spent $50 million for 1.1 million shares in our share repurchase programduring the third quarter. This leaves $100 million outstanding on the currentauthorization that the board approved in December 2006.  Shares acquired through our repurchase programs are held astreasury shares. In addition, during the quarter, we purchased $1.5 million ofour common stock shares in the open market to replace shares in connection withemployees exercising stock options. Our goal is to repurchase all such shares.  Finally, we made a $20 million equity payment related to thepurchase and installation of manufacturing equipment into the Lotte jointventure in China.This brings our total investment in this venture to approximately $38 million.Our manufacturing joint venture in Chinais on track and producing product, specifically we're manufacturing Kisses,Nuggets, and chocolate bars in anticipation of demand related to the holidayseason. We have also began discussions with Lotte about distribution andselling of Hershey products in South Koreaand Japan.We'll have more to share with you on these prospects in the future. The Godrej-Hershey joint venture in Indiais progressing as planned. We are leveraging our confectionary R&Dexpertise and go-to-market capabilities as we focus on business growth andprofitability. Our investment in manufacturing is on schedule and more thanadequate to support the upcoming launch of the Hershey branded products in India. Now, for an update on the global supply chain transformationannounced back earlier this year in February. During the quarter, totalbusiness realignment charges of $152 million pretax were recorded. This reducedearnings per share by $0.41 for the quarter. We recorded $38 million in cost ofsales consisting of accelerated depreciation and inventory reductions. The $2.4million recorded SM&A reflects program management costs.  The $112 million on the restructuring line in the P&Lincludes $104 million related to employee costs, and $8 million in assetwrite-offs and contract terminations. On a year-to-date basis, pretax expensesrelated to this program totaled $317 million, or $0.85 per share diluted on areported basis.  For 2007, our initial estimates are to report GAAP chargesof about $270 million to $300 million, or $0.75 to $0.84 per share diluted.However, we are running ahead of schedule and now expect that we will recognize$380 million to $400 million in 2007 project costs or $1.03 to $1.08 per sharediluted. Specifically, the increases result from a greater thananticipated number of impacted employees volunteering for the early retirementpackage. While these employees will be working through the first half of 2008, GAAPrequires that we recognize the expense when the employee commits to aretirement date. This is an accounting change only and does not impact cashflow or the total cost of the global supply chain transformation.  Our estimate of total pre-tax charges and non-recurringproject implementation costs remain in the $525 million to $575 million range,including project management and start-up costs of approximately $50 million.  For the remainder of the year, our plans are on track forthe global supply chain project to deliver $15 million in savings. Theconstruction of the new facility in Monterreyis on track and production is scheduled to begin during the first quarter of2008.  Let me comment now on the rest of 2007 and 2008. During thefourth quarter, our investment in consumer and customer programming will be up markedly.Furthermore, selling expense will increase as the additional sales associatesrequired to enhance retail coverage are now on board. Total retail coveragehours in Q4 will be more than double in grocery and up double-digits inconvenience stores. These efforts will result in sequential improvement inmarketplace performance. However, the competitive activity has increased and willimpact retail velocity and shipments in select distributors. Therefore, weexpect organic net sales for '07 to be decreasing about 1%. Profitability willbe impacted by unfavorable mix related to lower single serve shipments, higherdairy and commodity costs and increased business investment. As a result, weknow anticipate full-year diluted earnings from operations in the range of$2.08 to $2.12.  In 2008 we remain committed to increasing consumer andcustomer programming. We are currently reviewing plans that will include higherinvestment spend on the core, as well as in our dark and premium platforms.This spending will have a positive impact on market share and we expectsequential improvement throughout the year.  At the same time, our major input costs remain volatile andwill be higher next year. Therefore, we'll provide further details on the company'sfull year 2008 financial objectives in January.  Let me turn it over to Dave now, who will talk about somespecifics about our business.
David West: As Burt highlighted, Q3 results were not up to ourexpectations. While we are not pleased with the company's overall financial andmarket share performance, progress has been made -- albeit more slowly than wehad anticipated. Importantly, Hershey's takeaway improved significantly in thethird quarter. In the food, drug and mass, including Wal-Mart and convenienceuniverse, our takeaway in the 12 weeks ending September 9 was up 3.5%, a 4 pointimprovement over the 12 weeks ending June 17.  Importantly, this reflects an improvement in each of theclasses of trade. This was driven by several key factors, the first being supportbehind our four core chocolate brands -- Reese’s, Hershey's, Kisses and Kit Kat-- which posted an aggregate 8% gain in retail takeaway in Q3. Improvedadvertising support continues to benefit these brands and line extensions suchas Reese's Crispy Crunchy are working. For the first time this year, quality merchandising was upin the quarter driven by Reese's Elvis, S'mores and Kisses 100th anniversaryactivity. This reflects increased retail resources which were added and focusedon the food class of trade during the quarter and have begun to make an impact. We also invested more in trade promotion and trial-drivingcoupons to ensure we were competitive in the market on our key brands. We willcontinue this type of support into Q4. All this drove total chocolate takeawayacceleration in Q3, posting its best performance to date as chocolate marketshare sequentially improved by 80 basis points.  While progress was made in the marketplace and in corechocolate in particular, the advances were not reflected in shipments, with netsales down 2.5% excluding the Godrej India JV.  Several factors impacted revenue during the quarter. First,the credit crunch combined with year-to-date sluggish C-store and then takeawayled to inventory destocking at many of our distributors, who chose not tofinance current inventory levels at higher borrowing costs. We also experienceda slight shift in seasonal business during the quarter as back-to-school andholiday reduced year-over-year sales growth by 1%. We also continue to beimpacted by discontinued items and the under performance of certain product launches,such as Take 5 and Kissables, which are still being sold through at retail, butnot being replenished with follow-on shipments at the same levels. We expectthese factors to continue in the fourth quarter and then begin to moderate inQ1 2008.  With respect to total market share, while our core chocolatefranchises did grow nicely, we nonetheless lost share. We were unable to keeppace with the category growth in premium chocolate and refreshment. To put itin perspective, in FDMxCW, we estimate that dark and premium chocolate is a$1.5 billion category. There are two aspects to premium. The first is the $1.1 billion trade-up segment that includesproducts such as Hershey's Extra Dark and Mars Dove; and a $400 million premiumsegment, with Cacao Reserve and Scharffen Berger, as well as Lindt andGhirardelli and other brands. On a year-to-date basis, premium and trade-upsales represented approximately 60% of total category growth and about 20 % oftotal chocolate category sales. Solid growth will continue at a double-digitcompounded growth rate.  We have participated in this segment primarily withHershey's Extra Dark and Hershey's Cacao Reserve. These products have performedwell. However, they have not been sufficient to deliver share leadership inthis fast-growing segment.  Our strategy to win in the marketplace is to bring portfolioscale to the category to allow us to utilize our category management and retailcapabilities. Last quarter, we announced a strategic alliance with Starbucks,one of the world's most recognized brands, which portrays an image of qualityat a premium price. Our Starbucks chocolates will compete in the premiumsegment of the market, with entries planned for late Q1.  Today, we are pleased to announce the addition of Hershey'sBliss to our premium and dark chocolate platform. This product has beendeveloped using extensive research and delivers a smooth, creamy and rich-tastingchocolate experience, meeting the consumers desire for indulgence. We'll beoffering bags of individually wrapped pieces of solid milk, dark chocolate aswell as the milk chocolate with a meltaway center. Bliss will compete in thetrade-up segment and will launched along with the Starbucks chocolate line atthe end of Q1 2008.  To further capitalize on the trade-up segment, we will alsobe introducing a Signatures line that will leverage Hershey's mainstreamexisting brands. For example, Reese’s Select Clusters are scheduled to launchmid-2008 and will be incremental to the total Reese's franchise. This producthas tested very well, with new and existing Reese's consumers and includespecans, peanuts, peanut butter and caramel wrapped in milk chocolate.  This portfolio approach will leverage our scale and categorymanagement techniques. Combined with Cacao Reserve, Scharffen Berger, JosephSchmidt and Dagoba, Hershey will have a broad portfolio, enabling consumers andcustomers to select from a wide variety of on-trend, superior premium chocolateproducts that deliver unique benefits and then also satisfy multiple usageoccasions. We'll place numerous dedicated merchandising fixtures, which willcarry our entire line of products in early 2008.  Turning now to refreshments, a segment that continues to beon trend and has grown throughout the year. Competitive activity continues toincrease. This backdrop has been a challenge for our business, which hassuffered this year, as we have discontinued stick gum brands such as Carefreeand many rolled mint items and slowly rebuilt distribution on more relevantitems, such as Icebreaker Ice Cubes gum, Ice Breaker Wellness mint and gums, aswell as York Mint tins. These have performed well at retail, where indistribution. During the first half of the year, our gum and mint takeawaymarket share declined. However, in Q3 gum takeaway increased 2.8% and shareimproved sequentially by 80 basis points. We expect to continue to improve ourperformance in C-stores, where refreshment is disproportionately represented inQ4 and in 2008, primarily behind the new sales associates, who were addedduring the year to increase retail coverage. We'll expect to increase our C-store coveragemarkedly.  In 4Q, we'll have new product news around our refreshmentplatform, including prepriced merchandise shippers and the launch of IceBreakers Ice Packs. This is a unique product that delivers a superior burst ofcooling sensation, by coupling breath strips in a pouch filled with Xylitol. Wehave even more news to follow on refreshment in early 2008.  So as you can see, we are ready in consumer and customeractivity to compete in these two category segments -- refreshment and premium-- where we are currently losing significant share.  Let me quickly talk on two other key areas of our business,which are critical to our future growth and are largely on track. The first isour international business, which produced another good quarter. Our JV in Indiawith Godrej is on track and we are pleased with our end market results. Localproduction in Chinais on stream in our manufacturing JV with Lotte, and our broad-based entry isoccurring in most of the major cities in China.These initiatives are expected to be significant contributors to our top linegrowth in the next few years. The other key area which will contribute to our futurefinancial success is our global supply chain project. As Bert highlighted, weare hitting all key mile stones and believe both the savings and flexibility wehave envisioned will be delivered in 2008 and beyond.  Let me now look ahead. We do expect the trends the business hasexperienced in Q3 to continue into Q4. We'll begin to gain some traction inpremium and refreshment, but the big news there is in Q1 2008 behind Starbucksand Hershey's Bliss. We will continue to aggressively invest in Q4, with anearly 20% increase in U.S.advertising spend and continued strong merchandising support at key customers.We therefore expect the core chocolate business to hold the marketplacemomentum we gained in Q3, although we do expect continued competition on pricepoints.  Shipments will be muted further by further pressure ondistributor inventory levels and seasonal shipment timing. As such, we now havea goal to deliver 2007 full year EPS diluted from operations in the $2.08 to$2.12 range.  As we look to 2008, we continue to see growth in ourinternational business, and we'll capture the supply chain savings and continueto reinvest in key U.S.strategic growth areas. These include further increases in consumer andcustomer support, with increased advertising investment and improvedmerchandising programs behind our core brands.  New product efforts focused on the fast growing premiumchocolate and refreshment segments of the category and the strengthening of ourcompetitive advantage at retail, with markedly more resources, particularly inthe food and convenience classes of trade.  We are making progress in some areas and I'm excited aboutthe 2008 plans to build on our recent gains in takeaway. These plans have beendeveloped in the face of increasing competitive activity and changing categorydynamics. This environment has driven us to evaluate our entire consumer andcustomer value proposition, with work already under way to analyze ourportfolio, pricing, packaging, usage occasions and retail formats, to ensure weaugment the programs already outlined for 2008 and further reaccelerate topline growth. This work is being done with the backdrop of a volatile cost basket,with inflation affecting most inputs and dairy and fuel being particularlyvolatile. As we look to 2008, we are assessing the cost andcompetitive landscape, as well as how quickly our initiatives will gaintraction in the marketplace, as well as the impact of other strategicinitiatives.  I remain confident that our strong brands, advantaged retailsales force and supply chain capabilities can be leveraged for success. Manyinitiatives, such as Hershey's Bliss, Starbucks and retail coverage will haveimpact early in 2008. Others will take some additional time. I believe that thecontinued focus on the programs that are currently gaining traction, combinedwith new strategic initiatives upon which we are currently working, willrestore a strong growth profile in the future. I look forward to reporting onour progress and providing you with details of the company's 2008 expectationsin January.  Let me now turn it back to Rick.
Richard Lenny: Thanks, Dave. As this will be my last conference call as CEOof the Hershey Company, I would like to share a few thoughts. In 2001 wedeveloped our value-enhancing strategy and began its implementation later thatyear. The overarching objective was to deliver superior shareholder value overthe long term. This was to be accomplished through a balance of profitable organicgrowth and margin expansion.  Fundamental to this strategy was the understanding that themarketplace was evolving and what had characterized success for Hershey in thepast would need to change. Consumer and customer behavior was shifting, andwhile Hershey benefited from enormous sources of competitive advantage,meaningful changes in terms of building our brands and winning at retail wererequired.  Over the ensuing five-and-a-half years, we did just this.Through the first half of 2006, Hershey delivered top tier performance in termsof sales, market share growth and profitability, as measured by earnings pershare from operations. Unlike virtually our entire peer group, internationalgrowth did not play a role in our success. Just as in 2001, we're identifying the key opportunities forprofitable growth while addressing the barriers that have hampered ourperformance in 2007. Specifically, we've identified structural changes withinthe category and among our competitive set. We're beginning to address theseshifts and will do so from a position of strength. Regardless of currenttrends, Hershey remains the clear leader in the attractive U.S. confectionerymarket. This leadership is broad-based in terms of product segments and acrossclasses of trade.  We're building new capabilities from insights to productdevelopment to supply chain to retail effectiveness, all focused on deliveringa superior value proposition to both consumers and customers. Where we puteverything together, it's worked. These efforts will expand in 2008 and beyond. In addition, we fully recognize and are respondingappropriately to the long-term growth potential in key emerging markets. Ourinitial efforts via joint ventures are focused on developing a relevant productportfolio and advantageous route to market.  Strengthening Hershey's leadership position in the U.S.,building new capabilities that recognize new marketplace realities andexpanding globally will work synergistically to deliver superior shareholdervalue over the long term. This company has a long history of success. I'mconfident that Hershey will continue to be successful.  A key enabler of Hershey's success is leadership. OnDecember 1st, David West will become CEO of the Hershey Company. Dave'sappointment is the result of a very thoughtful and effective successionplanning process. Over the past six years, Dave has developed a keenunderstanding of what it takes to win, while building a strong following amongall employees. His strategic insight, yet pragmatic approach to getting thingsdone, will serve this company, employees and shareholders well. Dave has thefull support of our board and of me. Dave's energized by Hershey's futureprospects and I look forward to his leadership of our company.  Now we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Robert Moskow - CreditSuisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Thank you. I'm sure you're going to get a lot of pointedquestions today, but I guess I'll start with fourth quarter. It seemedinconsistent to me that you will be dialing up advertising by 25% and then alsoyou're citing some sequential improvement here during the third quarter,especially in chocolate. But then fourth quarter, the implication is for a 3.5% decline in sales coming off a fourth quarter a year ago where you had a 1%decline. I'm just wondering, how can Ijustify that in my forecast? Secondly, you're talking about credit problems on behalf ofyour distributors. That seems new to me. Is that a reflection across theconfectionery industry, or do you think it's augmented by the fact that yourproducts aren't working as well as you thought?
Richard Lenny:  Rob, let me startwith the first part, which is what's happening with the increased investmentand sequential improvement and then the reduction in sales. What we have highlightedis that we're seeing the major change in fourth quarter today versus what wehad anticipated was the significant reduction, as we said, in inventory levelsat key distributors and certain classes of trade.  Let me highlight one overall way to think about it, thenDave's going to provide a couple of specifics. Let's take the C-storesituation. For the past few years, we've been very successful focusing onC-store distributors. This was appropriate when if you think about us introducing a lot of newitems, building out retail distribution and experiencing strong takeaway. Aswe've shifted out this approach to one of driving more core brand growth andyou've seen it with some success with the Elvis program and other initiatives,our efforts are now being more pull oriented, meaning being more focused on theC-store operator, the C-store retail, which is why we're increasing retailcoverage.  Distributors have been reducing their inventory levels inlight of this change, as well as we've also cited a slower performance atretail as well as the tighter credit conditions. However, given the improvementin trend that we've experienced in C-stores over the past several weeks, we dobelieve as we go into 2008 that we expect to have a more normalized shipment totakeaway pattern in 2008, but the major delta in Q4 is what we're seeing is areduction in inventory, primarily on loose bars and primarily throughdistributors.
David West: Rob, let me add to that. On top of the distributor issue isthat we are expecting seasonal shipments in the fourth quarter of 2007 to belower than 2006. Anumber of factors working there. One of them is in Valentines and we don't havethe premium gifting line-up that we would like and we are starting to developthat and have that coming in 2008 and it is a much shorter Easter season nextyear, by a number of weeks.  So we have lower holiday shipments in the fourth quarter, lowerseasonal shipments in the fourth quarter than we did this year and as I said,there are still a lot of items out in the marketplace, discontinued items andas we've dialed the portfolio a little differently, those items are stillscanning in takeaway at the 3.5% numbers we are quoting, but we are not reallyreplenishing them at nearly the same rate, so some of that prior yearinnovation, as we're working through that in the portfolio, it is creating adrag on shipments versus the takeaway.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: When you say that you're looking at alternatives to improveyour consumer and customer value proposition, does that mean that you'relooking at taking price down on any of your product lines?
David West: I don't want to really comment specifically about pricepoints or pricing. Let me just talk to you in a couple of ways. The categoryhas really continued to grow. It is a good category. Retailers make money andmanufacturers make money. Realistically, as we look at it, there have been someshifts. We've seen premium really grow. We've also seen the a value componentof the portfolio, that there is still a very strong value component of theportfolio, as well as refreshment has grown.  So there is a shift in consumer demographics and price-valueexpectations out there in the marketplace that's created some new usageoccasions. Convenience continues to grow as a need and then retailers havebecome much more focused on their own formats, looking at gourmet and storewithin a store concept.  So there are parts of our portfolio, which frankly right nowdon't really have a very well defined price-value positioning, or certainlythere's some things that we need to do from a benefit or usage occasion where we'renot meeting them right now, which is refreshment or premium.  We are evaluating our whole set of consumer and customerinsights and it's going to be necessary to transform some of the segments ofthe business and get them back on a better growth trajectory. The solutions onthose things are going to take some time. I don't want to talk specificallyabout pricing up or pricing down or any of those things. It's really aboutprice value and we're looking at that, at some of those parts of the portfolio tomake them a little bit more meaningful to the consumer and that work isunderway and we'll be talking about that sometime in early 2008. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney -Wachovia.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: First off, Rick, you talked about the well thought out and long succession plan. What made this the right time for you to move onand hand off to Dave given us being in the middle of a lot of the initiativesyou outlined?
Richard Lenny:  Well, if you thinkabout for me, after six-and-a-half years, I just thought it was the right timefrom both a personal and professional standpoint to announce my retirement fromHershey and obviously exceedingly confident in Dave and the leadership team'sability to take this company to the next level. It certainly is a professionaland personal decision. It certainly wasn't a 90-day decision.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Do you have some fun things planned?
Richard Lenny:  No, no.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities:  So onto the quarter,if you wouldn't mind, you talked about increasing, you're shifting somespending from promotional to coupon dropping. At a time when commodity costsare up, it surprises me a little bit to see you increasing your coupon activity.It maybe speaks to trying to lower some price points, increase valueproposition to consumers. Would that be a fair characterization? Specifically, is this couponing going on all across theportfolio, or is it specifically related to maybe some of the discontinueditems you're trying to move out of the channel?
David West: Actually, the two biggest components of that were reallytrial and generating trial and then getting some repeat activity on some of thenew items, particularly Cacao Reserve and Ice Breakers Ice Cubes gum, where wefeel really good about the product and the repeat rates have been very good, wedid not get to the trial rates we wanted to as quickly as we would like. We didstimulate good trial on those two products during the quarter there.  There are some other couponing activities going on andfrankly, some of that is really not about price reduction as much as it isgetting merchandising against the coupon. That has increased a little bit morein the category in the last six months than it had in the previous six months,but for the most part where we coupon was much more around trial generation onthe new items.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Finally, maybe this is a question directed for Bert. Itseems like while distributors are taking down inventories, looks like day salesoutstanding was up a little bit year-over-year for you guys. That had beencoming down pretty steadily for certainly most of the past three or four years.Could you talk about maybe some of the trends there and what you're doing toimprove working capital?
Bert Alfonso: We had some very specific plans around working capitalimprovements this year. A lot of them revolved around our payables management.In terms of the DSO, I wouldn't call that a trend. The receivables remain inthe mid-90s in terms of being current. There has not been any incremental orunusual dating or pricing that we've entered into, into the quarter. So we havevery clean receivables. The DSO, really more related to mix around seasons. Thefocus on reduction of working capital will continue and we're very pleased withthe progress we've made to date. We think there's more progress we can makethere.  It is related to other elements of our business in terms ofhow we improve our sales and operations planning. So we expect that to continueto be the bright spot in the business.
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities: Does this commentary about distributor credit concerns, youdon't have any issues with collections at all, do you?
Bert Alfonso:  No, not at all. 
Jonathan Feeney - Wachovia Securities:  Most of yourdistributors are pretty highly rated, right? Pretty solvent?
Bert Alfonso:  I can't comment onthe ratings of our distributors. I would tell you that what we're signaling isnot necessarily that distributors are in trouble from a credit perspective, butwe're saying is that as their financing costs increase, they are more consciousof the level of inventory that they keep and so they are making efforts toreduce those and improve their own working capital.
Bert Alfonso:  We don't haveconcerns that there's any imminent issue in terms of their ability to dobusiness continuing.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Palmer - UBS.
 David Palmer - UBS: The trust board has been rather public lately with some ofits comments; more or less they have expressed disappointment with the valuedestruction in the stock. They have said that their two major principles orrules need not be constrained to growth. Do you share these sentiments thatthey have expressed publicly or perhaps do you think that there might becertain critical limitations that have been placed upon you, that perhaps havelimited your ability to create value for shareholders?
Richard Lenny: I think you're referring to the trust statement that wasissued last week and we have ongoing discussions with the trust and that'sbecause we're both keenly focused on how do we deliver superior shareholdervalue over the long term? As a major shareholder, that's what they areinterested in and that's what we're interested in, so I think I'll leave it atthat if I might.
 David Palmer - UBS:  The separatequestion, with regard to the past platform innovations that were meant toreally replace limited editions as a growth driver for you, particularly in theC-store channel and also with regard to premium growth, could we maybe go oversome of these platforms? What have been the highlights and the low lights,including Cacao Reserve, Kissables, Take 5, snack bars, cookies, nuts. Thesense is that some of these perhaps have not been sustaining as a growth driverand perhaps have been accelerating some of this inventory reduction at thetrade.
Richard Lenny:  Let me start andmaybe Dave can fill in some more. I'm not certain about the specifics. We havetalked before that particularly within snacks -- and that was a few years ago-- we saw some opportunities, as the distinction between certain snack segmentswere blurring and we thought there would be an opportunity to leverage some ofour sources of competitive advantage into some snack adjacencies. I think whatwe have said in the past, we might have gone too far at one point in terms ofhaving too many potential platforms.  We've learned a lot, but at the same time as we were doingsnacks, don't forget there was very little growth in what has become premiumand dark chocolate and refreshment and we believe premium and dark chocolate,which is obviously much closer aligned with our core capabilities and our 40-plusshare of chocolate, we view that as a long-term trend that's highlysustainable.  So when we have items such as Take 5 and Kissables thatprovided good merchandising support and brought some news to the category, whatwe've said in the past is in the future we do those, they will be viewed moreclose in as opposed to broad-based platforms, and as they are viewed more closein and related to our core brands we'll size them and invest in themaccordingly.  I think the more important aspect is going forward as we'vesaid, this year has been one shifting from what had characterized success inthe past, recognizing shifts in consumer behavior and looking to do two thingsand do them both well: (1) restore growth to our core brands, which we areseeing some success, and (2) create scale in some high-growth platforms.
 David Palmer - UBS: What I was maybe hoping to focus on more would be theKissables and Take 5, which would be more of a move against Mars and some ofthe portable single serve, and those were bolder efforts to perhaps gain share,drive a sustaining megahit, and certainly net pricing. If you cannot succeed inthose sorts of innovation going forward, it seems to limit the growthopportunity for Hershey.
David West: I don't think that that's true. If you think about Take 5,Kissables, even the S'mores products we have, variety clearly has a role inthis category. This is a variety-seeking category. Consumers have more than onebrand on their menu. They do tend to shift around. Frankly, we went too far onthe variety and frankly, we were just meeting the same usage occasion, or sameneed state for consumers with different items. So we didn't get the kind ofincrementality that we originally thought and that was a mistake on our part.  We just came with too much and really over time started tocannibalize ourselves and that is part of our issue right now with inventorylevels out in the marketplace. We're consuming a lot of those things in the takeawaynumbers, but we're not really replenishing them with shipments at the samelevels. So that did create an issue.  I think as you think forward in the category, we have greatbrands in the category. The brands should be able to meet new usage occasions;think about what's happened in premium. We have our Hershey's Bliss items,Starbucks coming, Cacao Reserve has done fine, but we actually need to do muchmore to compete more effectively there. Refreshment category has beenreinvented. It's gone from rolls of mints and stick packs of gum to tins to LiquidIce. We drove a lot of that early innovation change and frankly Cadbury andWrigley have really stepped up their innovation in the last 12 to 18 months.  So there are new usage occasions and new places for us togrow in the category. I think we were a little too anchored in the core barbusiness, which wasn't as incremental. As we looked at 2008 and beyond, we aremuch more focused on the things that are more incremental, but the importantthing for us is our brands and our category management skills and our retailcapabilities are just as leveragable in those as they are in the core.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - MorganStanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: David, if I could just ask you, every CEO does thingsdifferently, and as you look out to your pending tenure, what do you think youwill do differently at Hershey?
David West: Rick and I have worked together for a long time and I havethe utmost respect for Rick, but we're different people and we would both tellyou that. I think I have somewhat of a different style than Rick and I'll leaveit at. I think that his style is effective, as is mine, and people go at thepeople side of things a little differently. So I think there will be somewhatof a difference there.  In terms of the architect of the strategy that we have beenexecuting here, I am the architect of that strategy. Clearly as I said thereare some things within the portfolio where we are not meeting the emergingconsumer and customer needs, particularly price value and new formats. We havea lot of work underway already. It has not been completed as quickly as any ofus would like and therefore we've kind of found ourselves in a transitionalperiod, where we're working to the right things and just haven't gotten theminto the market fast enough.  So we will be completing a lot of that work and I thinkyou'll see some bold steps from us in terms of how to approach growth in theportfolio.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  If we look out twoyears from now, how would you define your success? Are there specific thingsyou're looking to achieve?
David West:  I think clearly theglobal supply chain transformation that's already underway is a huge enablerfor us. It's going to create a lot of cost savings to reinvest in ourbusinesses. It's also more importantly going to create flexibility to competein new segments of the market. The international growth, particularly verypleased with our progress in Mexico,and then also in Indiaand China. Wewill have a much more robust and strong global footprint that we're currentlybuilding. It's going to take some time for that to start to become asprofitable as we like, but it certainly will add to growth.  Within the core U.S.business, we have some leveragable strength and we will continue to leveragethose strengths, but, again, it's really much more around providing a muchbetter set of a bundle of consumer value to the customers.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: What about from a share repurchase perspective, I know youbought back $50 million worth of stock in the quarter, but you still have abalance remaining on the existing repurchase program and you also have whatwould be considered a fairly under levered balance sheet. Given your stockseems like it's going to be down today, how should we think about thosedynamics going forward?
David West:  You're quite right.We did repurchase $50 million and that's $150 million this year. There still is$150 million remaining from the $250 million that was authorized last December.We look at our capital structure on a consistent basis. It's a question that weget often and a topic that we do review with our board of directors. It is aboard decision in terms of how we look at our capital structure and theelements that we seek to finance. So I think it's a valid question and one thatwe look at from time to time.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Lastly, you brought guidance down three times during theyear, which leads to the conclusion that you've been more reactionary in thisenvironment. What do you think is going to allow you to kind of be moreanticipatory of the changing dynamics in the marketplace, whether they becompetitive or input-cost related? What do you think is going to change toimprove your performance on those metrics?
David West: We will be participating much more broadly in the marketnext year, aggressively in premium and trade-up with Starbucks and Hershey'sBliss. We have not held our share certainly in that segment. This year we'vebeen playing defense. Next year we'll be playing offense with some very goodlaunches, as well as in refreshment. We've got much better C-store coverage andsome better items and we will certainly be much more aggressive there.  I think that the challenge for us this year, the biggestsingle challenge was dairy costs, and dairy costs came at us in the April/Maytimeframe and that certainly changes the profile and the way you think aboutthe year. We have chosen to continue to reinvest in our brands and in ourpeople in the face of those costs and just frankly can't price to those kind ofcosts in the short term.  I think as we go forward next year, we have a much betterview of what the commodity markets may bring for us and I think a much betterplan to deal with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Rick, I just want to say it's been a pleasure working withyou.
Richard Lenny: Thank you, very much. Likewise. 
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: I just wanted to delve a little bit into thus premium andsuper premium launch. Sounds like now you're adding another brand to the mixand obviously it seems like it fits an area that you're not hitting squarelywith the products that you have now.  I'm wondering, looking back at where you've had troublelaunching with maybe too many brands and splitting your resources and focus, doyou anticipate having any similar issues as you launch yet another brand in whatseems to be an area where you already have quite a bit of coverage?
David West:  Christine, the launchof Hershey's Bliss, it is clearly a Hershey's brand and therefore will get theconsumer recognition of the fact that it is Hershey's and the consumer clearlybelieves that Hershey can and should play in the trade-up and premium segmentsof the marketplace.  The Cacao Reserve, as I said, we've gotten to the pointwhere we're pleased with the trial and repeat levels. Cacao Reserve was anecessary entry into the premium area, but certainly not sufficient to gainshare in that segment. As we said, I wish we would have been more quick to comeup with some other alternatives and entries. We were not. As we get to firstquarter of next year, the important thing is as we get into the premium andtrade-up spaces that we compete with scale in the category, which is ouradvantage, and that's all about retail coverage. It's about merchandising andfixtures and bringing category management.  So it's important that we have a breadth of portfolio whichplays to our strength. When you think about having Starbucks items, CacaoReserve, Joseph Schmidt and Scharffen Berger and now we're adding Hershey'sBliss to the line, Reese's Select product, we now have the scale with goodbrands and scale to compete in the segment. So we believe that the Bliss itemis a Hershey's Bliss item and therefore it is not a new brand, it is just the logical extension of Hershey's tradeup into premium.
Christine McCracken -Cleveland Research: Just a quick question on dairy costs. Is there a lag on howquickly you could see the benefit from the declines in dairy costs, given thelength of time from manufacturing to the shelf?
David West:  Christine, we obviously produce an inventory. So costswind up on the balance sheet at some point in time. But dairy is one of thosecommodities, which we frankly, particularly fluid milk, really can't coverforward on. There's not a ready market to do that. So it is one that affects usmore immediately than most of the other commodities where we can take a longerposition on some of the others. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Rick, best of luck. Dave, same to you in your new position.My first question has to do with, maybe it goes back to the question on thepricing. I mean normally the chocolate category has been viewed as a prettyrational category. When you talk about the value proposition, is that afunction of your opinion as to how the consumer has changed, or how theposition has changed? Which are you reacting to?
David West: Actually, it's probably a combination of both, Eric. Theprice realization in the category has really come from a lot of trading up intopremium and the trade-up phenomenon. We have not participated as broadly inthat as we would like to and we see the opportunity to gain price realizationthat way.  There's still a large portion of the category that meets theneeds of seasonal occasions and that is a much more price sensitive consumer. Frankly,the biggest issue around the price points is to get the merchandising and ourmerchandising calendar this year was in a bit of transition. In the past, wewould have certainly merchandised much more around news and new items. This year,we've made a shift to merchandising much more around events, such as a S'moresevent or a Reese's Elvis event. When we got that merchandising around the eventthis year it was the best share periods and the best performance we've had. Wejust didn't have enough of them.  So as we look to 2008, we'll have a much, much more fullyloaded merchandising event calendar. We have a tie-in to the Batman movie, we'rean Olympic sponsor, we have a very good program with Dale Earnhardtcommemorative bars. We've got a lot more merchandising events headed for nextyear and that's the cause to get merchandising, the event much more so thanneeding to get to a price point. So we are a little bit in transition this yearfor merchandising innovation to merchandising events, and we weren't as robustas we needed to be, so I think that's part of the issue we've had this yearwith price points.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: I don't know how well known it is, but I think it's fairlywell known that Starbucks is looking at Godiva. I'm just wondering, given the approach to thepremium or super premium category, if they were to acquire Godiva, does thatreally have any impact on the agreement that you have with them?
Richard Lenny:  Eric, we're not goingto comment on any of the potential M&A speculation.
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank: Rick, you came in as the first outsider in the company'shistory. I think in many respects you've done a great job and there's been aculture clash, whether it's with some of the folks in Hershey or the trust. I'mwondering, Dave, as you go forward, culture is so important to a company, howdo you balance needing to bring in talent from the outside, given that Chris isnow at Kraft, versus what are clearly the desires of the workers, the union, thetrust to maybe have more of an internal job flow? Maybe you could just touch on how you see your imprint onculture and human resource talent.
David West: Eric, if you're considering Rick to be the first outsider, that would have made me the second. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank:  Good point.
David West: The reality of it is over the my tenure here and my tenuregoing forward obviously, the culture here at Hershey is extremely supportive ofthe Hershey brands and wants nothing more than Hershey to succeed. It is avery, very strong culture that way and wanting to do the right thing andfrankly I have found it to be very welcoming of me from day one and continuesto this day.  We have done some things in the last several years to changethe way we went to market with our customers, with the sales force realignment.We have done some manufacturing realignment. The employees have by and largeembraced those changes as necessary components to compete in the marketplace. That'sreally one of the things that I would say about this company and its employees,is that they recognize they want this company to win more than anything. Theyare very, very loyal and dedicated employees when it comes to that.  I feel very good about the ability of the culture to adaptto new changes and new initiatives. And obviously we have been able to attracttalent from the outside as well and blended that very nicely with our internalexperience in confectionery category in many cases we've got people with 25 or30 years of experience. That blend has happened nicely.  Frankly as we become a more global company, we will need toattract more international talent. We don't have a lot of home growninternational talent and that's an area where we continue to look and as we'regrowing, I feel very good about that. Overall from a culture standpoint, Eric,I'm pleased with where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Rick, best of luck to you, and I guess one thing you can'tsay is there were a lot of dull moments out there.
Richard Lenny: You're right, Terry. Thank you.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns:  The one thing I didwant to get is a little more clarity on the marketing and there I'm getting tothe split between your trade promotion and stuff we would consider moreconsumer-oriented. Trade promotion up in the third quarter. Now in the fourthquarter, you have said pretty clearly that the entire marketing spend is goingto be up markedly. Is there a split there you can give us between what would bedeemed trade money and consumer money in Q4?
Bert Alfonso: The way the accounting works is we do segregate advertisingfrom consumer promotion and both of those are contained within our marketingbudgets. We already mentioned that when we do trial coupons, while they mightseem like marketing, we do account for them because of the accountingrequirements in the trade budget and we see both of those, as has beendiscussed in the past, as really the mix with which we compete in themarketplace.  This year, we have had both increases in marketing,primarily advertising and more couponing than we've had in the past to drivetrial of new products. But overall, ifyou looked at those two elements collectively, both trade promotion and themarketing elements, we are putting more behind the business.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: My concern is kind of similar to Eric Katzman's on this. AsI hear Dave talk about '08, it sounded like the first things out of his mouthwere like more merchandising events, which I understand it's a category thatdoes respond to merchandising. But my concern is, I'm just hoping there isn'tmore of a tilt towards trade spending that is somehow emerging here that mighterode rationality in the category. Iwanted just a little bit more clarity on how you see the balance between whatwe would typically look at as trade spending versus couponing or whatever, thatwould be more aimed at the consumer. If you could just give us a little moreclarity on that, I would appreciate it.
David West: Specifically, as I said in my, in my remarks, advertisingand consumer promotion investment behind the core brands, we expect to be upagain in 2008 and we will continue to invest behind those brands. Weparticularly are pleased with the new item portfolio that we have in trade-upand premium and we are going to support that from a consumer standpoint, boththe Hershey's Bliss as well as the Starbucks line.  In terms of trade promotion, the reason the merchandisingevents frankly are more helpful is because the strength of the merchandisingevents, Terry, the better the merchandising event is as it appeals toconsumers, the less likely we actually are to have to go to a deeper pricepoint. If we have very good merchandising events that create consumer suction,if you will, we don't have to get to a price point to move the items through.  That's why I feel very good about the merchandisingcalendar, coupled with the huge increase that we have in retail salesforcehours next year, which will make our merchandising that much more effective.Again, it's effective in terms of getting it set up and getting the quality ofmerchandising to be higher and therefore less of a need for price points in thecategory and to hit those sharper price points in the category. That was theclarification I would make with Eric.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: Just in terms of inventories, can you kind of give us a readon where trade inventories are right now, either at the customer or the distributor?The important thing is how much longer, I think you mentioned the destocking islikely to play out more in the fourth quarter. How are you looking at '08 in that regard? Do you thinkinventories are reasonably clean as we go into next year?
David West: Terry, I think they will be. We've been actually all yearlong, loose bar instant consumable takeaway has actually been exceedingshipments all year long, so we've had a correction in the inventory levels fromthe new items and limited editions coming in and out of the system all yearlong. It just was really exacerbated in the third quarter by the credit crunch.A lot of our distributors work on fairly thin margins and a couple of pointsincrease in interest rates really eats into their margin that they have got tomake a choice about what inventory to carry and what not. So we saw somecorrection of that in the third quarter, we'll see that into the fourth. Butthen as we look into next year, we look to be at normalized levels.
Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns: One last and rather basic question, what exactly is HersheyBliss going to be? Is that solid bars, bag candy? Maybe I missed that.
David West: It's individually wrapped pieces, Terry, and it will be inbags but it will be individually wrapped pieces. There will be a dark chocolatevariety, a milk chocolate variety, and then a milk chocolate variety with ameltaway center. Very rich, indulgent and we will be selling it at a higherprice point than our normal package candy line up of either Kisses Miniaturesor et cetera. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to touch back on this distributor creditcrunch issue. You guys seem to be the only ones among the manufacturers thatplay into the C-store arena that have cited this. I'm just wondering how muchof the inventory destocking at distributors is really attributable to thiscredit crunch, which I recognize is real for small distributors, but is less ofan issue for your largest customer, McClain which is owned by Berkshire, andhow much of this is really related to more company-specific issues or yourproduct line specific issues?
Richard Lenny: We would likely be the one who would talk about it. The restof our confectionery competitors don't have conference calls and if they do,confectionery is a smaller part of their business.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: The ones selling cigarettes or carbonated soft drinks thoughare the ones that I'm referring to.
Richard Lenny: Correct, and if those folks are selling those things DSB,they aren't going through the same distributor network. The largest twocategories in the distributor network are cigarettes and then also candy. Theterms are cigarettes are buy them today and pay for them net two days, sothere's not a whole lot of inventory and float in that system. Candy is the onearea in that system, the candy and tobacco distributor system, which hasinventory float in it and so we are affected by it as are others, but for us,it's more notable and frankly, exacerbated by the fact that our takeaway usedto be in the 8% to 10% range. It's now down more notably. We're getting out ofa lot of items, limited editions and some items that aren't turning as well, soit would be natural for those inventories to come down first.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: A follow up on the question on price competition that hascome up a bit, could you point to areas within the portfolio, whether it'sloose bars, seasonal, refreshment, where you've seen price competition fromother players in the industry already? I'm also wondering, is some of this competitive dynamicbeing exacerbated by your need to still clear some of the sale inventory outthere or returning inventory?
Richard Lenny:  Eric, it has nothingto do with any inventory issue and it is really not specific to a part of ourportfolio. It has really become much more specific to certain customers andit's not widespread across all customers. It is in selected classes of trade atselected customers and I would prefer to leave it at that.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Lastly, I think it was on the last conference call and thelast few Rick has expressed confidence in the 3% to 4% top line targetlong-term and then 9% to 11% long-term EPS target. It seemed like your commentat the end of we'll be able to restore a strong growth profile in the futurewas certainly a bit more tepid than Rick's endorsement of the long-termtargets. I am just wondering how you're looking at them, given the very changedmarketplace environment and recent performance of the company?
David West: Eric, I'll take that. The reality of it is we have thelong-term targets of 3% to 4%, 9% to 11%; for a good solid five-plus yearsthose targets were basically exceeded. We have hit a patch here over the last18 months that has been more difficult. Some of that is commodity costs and thecommodity markets have become more difficult. Also, the category has shiftedinto other segments, refreshment and premium have been growing more rapidly.  As we look at our business right now, we are assessing whichof those factors are long-term going to be with us. Is it commodity costs at ahigher level? Is the category going to be played in a different area? Andfrankly, our international growth prospects have ramped up over the last 12 to18 months. So we're making that assessment. As I said, we're looking at some ofthe price-value equations in the portfolio and trying to get a read on some ofthe commodity cost baskets, et cetera. So right now, what I would tell you as we get back to you inearly 2008, we'll take a look at those growth targets and see whether they arerealistic for the long term and give you some sort of a statement at thatpoint.
Eric Serotta - Merrill Lynch: Well, best of luck in your new role and best of luck to you,Rick. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs: Just to follow up on this drive to improve the consumer andcustomer value proposition. It just seems taking a step back, that you'rethrowing a lot at the business. You're evaluating pricing, you're doing somecouponing, you're increasing your ad spend by a significant amount. This isobviously a category that not only has been rational in the past, but has alsoresponded to just one of these things in the past, not the need for all thesefactors.  So taking a step back, are you talking about a change in thesensitivity by the consumer to certain price points out there, or is this morereflective of the portfolio having not kept up on the innovation front and youfeel as though you have the pipeline of product going forward to really spendbehind?
David West: Steve, the category has been rational and will continue to be rational. I think whatwe're talking about really more is the consumer looking for price points? No.The consumer's looking for a value proposition. I mean, premium brings a higherprice point. It's where a significant portion of the chocolate category growthis, so that's not going to hurt price realization over time. It's going to helpit. We haven't participated in it as effectively as we would like.  So I think from a rationality and profitability standpoint,refreshment, where refreshment is going, refreshment is moving up in pricepoints. We're moving up to $1.99 tins, but what we have to do is bring theappropriate level of innovation into that. We have not gotten that done in 2007as readily as we would like. I feel much better about the launches we talked abouttoday for 2008 to start to do that.  I don't want you to read anything into the fact that somehowthis is going to become a price-oriented category, because it isn't. Privatelabel is still very small in the category. There are some parts of the businessthat this year we have chosen based on market share and some other initiativesthat we've invested behind, but the biggest investment we have made is inadvertising and consumer, behind the core brands and as you see that startingto work and grow.  I wouldn't want you to leave this call very focused on thefact that it's all about trade promotion in the category because it's not. It'sabout where the consumer's going, which is into higher price points and bettervalue propositions and we're going to be there with them. Advertising andconsumer spending has been up this year and it's going to be up again nextyear.
Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs: Then on the gross margin line, I just want to make sure Ihave the numbers right. I think you mentioned that commodities impacted thegross margins by I think you said 280 basis points. Gross margins were down220. You had unfavorable mix in your sales. You also had negative sales, so I'mjust curious; what's the offset that I'm missing there, if I have those numbersright, that benefited that line by 60?
David West: We did have some price realization that was offset to someextent with mix. The other elements that you noted, those were correct.
Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs: So going forward, if I think about pricing and I know forthe most part you have been honoring your commitments on the 4% to 5% priceincrease, when might we start to see a bit more realization, or is that goingto really be funding a lot of the above the sales line trade spend?
David West: You'll certainly see much more of this year's pricing actionbenefit next year. We had already commented that when we took the pricing thisyear, at that point we had a lot of our promoted pricing already in themarketplace with our consumers, a lot of our seasonal price points already outthere, because we book those well in advance and so the flow-through is verymuch '08.
Richard Lenny: Back to the gross margin, we also had very good supply chainproductivity during the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll - CitiInvestments Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments Research: I want to wish you the best of luck, Rick.
Richard Lenny:  Thank you, Dave.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments Research: Dave, welcome, but of course, you've already been here. Solet's just get to a couple of questions.  The one thing I really wanted to try to understand a littlebit, Dave, if I could direct it to you, why is it that you didn't see thisinventory reduction coming last quarter, given the trends that have been goingon? I feel like the proverbial rug's been jerked out again here and that this inventory situationis something that people have been worried about for a long time.  We've been hearing quite often about the thoughts that therewas a trade loading going on by Hershey, those distributors building upinventories, now we're going the other direction. I'm just curious as to exactly what changed.Is it simply your answer, it's really the credit crunch that developed duringthe quarter?
David West: The reality of whatexacerbated the change was the credit crunch which occurred in July. The wayour programming has historically worked, there are growth targets for quarters.There are growth targets on an annual purchase basis. So distributors havereally until September to decide what they are finally going to buy for theentire quarter. While the credit crunch really occurred in July, it's not untilthe end of September that we really have a great read on what the total for thechannel's going to be. 
UnidentifiedCorporate Participant: I think you have to step back in context. If you think back18 to 24 months ago or 36 months ago, we had 8% to 9% to 10% takeaway in theconvenience channel and a very significant pipeline of items in limitededition. In that environment, it was in the distributor's best interest to takeon our inventory, because it was getting pulled out of their system veryrapidly at retail.  The shift that occurred towards the middle of last year and over the lastseveral quarters, as we've dialed back on items and innovation and some of theinnovation has not worked as well, such as Take 5 or Kissables, that velocity fell off, the inventory levels, just based on the sheer mathof it is, as consumption goes down and some of the items don't turn, weeks ofsupply go up and we've been working through that this year.  As I said, takeaway has certainly exceeded our shipmentsinto the convenience channel all year long, so as we were working through a lot of discontinueditems, the inventories were naturally coming down all year, but as we got tothe third quarter and in terms of what happened, many of the distributors didnot buy as much because they were managing their inventory levels and that's,that's really what happened for us.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments Research: In the dairy side can you quantify for us what the dollarimpact for dairy will be for the full year?
David West: No, we don't comment on individual commodities. Needless tosay, dairy has been by far the most significant this year. I already mentionedwe see it moderating some. We don't see it returning to historical levels nextyear, and I will just leave it at that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein.
Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein: A quick question about where you are on attitude towardsacquisitions. Historically the international growth strategy has been very muchalong the lines of organic growth and joint ventures and sort of smaller, more froman organic model. Given what the statement from the Hershey Trust last weekabout pursuing aggressive growth both domestically and internationally, can youclarify what your attitude is towards acquisitions today and how that mighthave changed over the last year to 18 months?
Richard Lenny:  I certainly wouldn'tclarify any perception or perspective on acquisitions in the context of thetrust statement. I think what we've always said in the past is we will look atacquisitions as an accelerator to top line growth and as long as they'reconsistent with our overall strategic direction.  Your question regarding organic growth internationally, Ithink it is really a hybrid organic growth because when we went into the jointventure with Godrej in India,they acquired [Lutrane] so when the combined Hershey Godrej joint venturereally has an acquisition embedded into it. We've also seen very good growth inMexico, a market we don't talk about, and we acquired Pelirocco a few yearsago, so we're going to look at ways that we can build our business in theemerging markets, whichever is the right combination, whether it be anacquisition of a local business, whether it be a joint venture and certainlythrough organic means as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Amoroso - Helvea.
James Amoroso - Helvea: I have a statement and then a question. The statement isreally the recent quarters obviously haven't looked too good, but from where Ihave been sitting, Rick, you've done apretty good job in regenerating the company.
Richard Lenny:  Thank you.
James Amoroso - Helvea: You're welcome. The question is a little bit relating to thelast one. I asked you a question aboutfive or six years ago about internationalization, and the focus was very, very,very clearly at that time on North America and theexisting markets that you were in.  Obviously with the two joint ventures the focus has switchedmuch more aggressively pursuing international opportunities. Do you regret nothaving been more aggressive earlier or was that just simply not possible givenmanagement capacity?
Richard Lenny: I think the important thing -- and you have a very goodmemory -- but if you go back to 2001, 2002 as we had been saying, the goal wasto get our core business growing and to take advantage of clearly the largestmost profitable confectionary market in the world, which is obviously the U.S.,and we had strong leadership and made some very good progress on that.  As we started to see opportunities to expand in globalmarkets and in emerging markets, I think the important thing is if one were togo back in 2001 and 2002, we might have been looking at markets that didn'trepresent as sustainable a long-term growth trajectory as the ones we'reclearly focused on now in terms of going into India where the chocolate marketis obviously just developing, and we think we have an opportunity to influenceconsumer taste preferences along the way and build our category as the tradebecomes more modern.  I think the markets that we're focused on now representlong-term growth and whether we had been in China or India three or four yearsago I think is going to be less the story. And the greater story is going to behow successful the company is five or ten years hence in those markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Lazar - LehmanBrothers.
Andrew Lazar - Lehman Brothers: One of the things that Hershey's has always talked about andyou have always talked about with a lot of pride is the scale you bring to thetrade at retail and the in-store presence and how you make that work for you. In thinking about this uptick in retail store coverage andsuch, I just want to make sure I understand what really underlies that ornecessitates that? Just given that your strength all along I always thought ofas being the ability to get it done at the point-of-sale. Is it something thatcompetitively, have competitors raised their game at retail? Is it purely justthis sort of push to a pull model that you referenced earlier, Rick? I amtrying to get a better sense of that.
David West: Within the convenience stores, the change to more of a pull model does require moremerchandisers at the retail level, and we have added a significant number ofpart-time merchandisers who are going to provide that coverage in conveniencestores. Frankly, with the competitive intensity that has come in therefreshment items and how big that is in the class of trade, we feel the needto improve our coverage at the convenience store level.  Within the food class trade over the last several years wehave experienced very good retail productivity, and as we had gone throughthat, what we had done was rerouted andwhat we looked at in the middle part of this year was going back at coverage. Wetook an analytical view and then decided we thought we could do better from amerchandising standpoint if we added more resources back into food.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic – JP Morgan.
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Rick, have you already signed a book deal?
Richard Lenny: No, first I am going to exhale.
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: If I may, you gave us an overview of what you accomplishedover the last few years and obviously several great accomplishments there.Could you just give us two or three examples of issues that is maybe you regretor that you would call mistakes?
Richard Lenny:  I think we've talkedabout a couple of them. At the time we do these things we're focused on ourstrategy and execution and if we thought it would be a mistake, we probablywouldn't do it.  I think the strategy to get into the snacks segmentsstrategically made a lot of sense. Executionally, I think we can say we misseda couple of the critical success factors. We tried to do too much in too manysegments. I think we learned a lot. I don't think it necessarily hurt us thatmuch, as much as it might have taken some resources away from some things thatwe think have more staying power. I think the focus on core brands has been consistent fromthe very beginning. How we have chosen to support core brands is maybe open todebate, and I think the focus where we're headed now more closer in makes a lotof sense. If you think about the limited editions in '02 and '03, that was oneof the key drivers to bring news and innovation to core brands, and itcertainly worked because we got merchandise and we got takeaway and it enabledus to expand our share.  Clearly over the past let's call it 12 months we've seen explosive growth in the non-trendsegment called premium and dark chocolate, and we hadn't participated asbroadly, and that's been a drag on our business. The best part about that iswe're not talking about trying to create a new segment. We're talking aboutdoing what Hershey does well, which is build and leverage a scale in anon-trend high growth segment that is very attractive to both consumers andcustomers.  So unlike snacks or unlike another business we might betrying to grow from scratch, here we are leaning into a high growth profitablesegment. I think those are maybe the couple of areas, Pablo, that I wouldhighlight.
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: How much more marketing is needed? Because when I asked thatquestion, you're saying 25% increase in the fourth quarter. Your advertising is [inaudible] If I annualize the 25% for '08,that's only like $25 million, and that would mean going from 2% to 2.5% ofsales. I know that chocolate and gum are different, but the way I think aboutit, if you're moving more into bars, more into single-serves, moving to pull, asyou said, your advertising needs to go up maybe another 400, 500 basis points.  Could you give us a sense of how much more is really needed?Sounds to me like 50 basis points on a base of 2% is not big enough.
David West: Obviously I don't want to get into our future plans onspending levels in any of the lines of the P&L. We have this year been muchmore focused on our core brands, and while some of our investments in the past,in let's say advertising behind snacks or Take 5 or Kissables, were not nearlyas effective as we would have liked, we have redeployed that money this year.  So in addition to the increase you already mentioned, whenit comes to the core brands, spending is up significantly, almost 2 bips onsome of the franchises like Kisses and Reese's and in the Hershey's platform.  We have redistributed the existing level of advertising tomake it much more focused on the core and then are adding to it, will continueto grow the advertising and consumer investment into the future.  But I don't want to get into giving away pieces of how muchwe're going to invest and where we're going to invest it. But we are focused onit, have done a better job this year about where we're spending, have spentmore and will continue into 2008.
 Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: One last one, Dave and maybe more for your lawyer, butreferring to the Hershey's trust deal, I am wondering how, when I look at theWall Street Journal saying that Hershey's Trust has been involved indiscussions with Cadbury, didn't they break the law in the sense that they wererequired to disclose that those discussions were taking place on a publicbasis?
David West: I am not going to commented on speculative reports in thepress about meetings that may or may not have happened. That's not what we'regoing to do. With respect to the trust, the trust understands its fiduciaryresponsibility, and I will leave it at that.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Mark Pogharian: Hearing no more questions, we'll conclude today's session.We will be available to answer any follow-ups you may have. Thank you very muchfor participating.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-19 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Mark Pogharian - IR   Rick Lenny - Chairman, President, CEO   Dave West – EVP, COO   Bert Alfonso – SVP, CFO 
Analysts: Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch   Jon Feeney – Wachovia   Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns   Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse   Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank   Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company   David Eddelman - Morgan Stanley   Eric Larson - Piper Jaffray   Todd Dubick - Banc of America   Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein   David Driscoll - Citigroup   Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs   Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan 
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Hershey Company second quarter 2007 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Pogharian, you may begin your conference. 
 Mark Pogharian: Thank you and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Hershey Company second quarter conference call. Rick Lenny, Chairman, President, and CEO; Dave West, EVP and COO; Bert Alfonso, SVP and CFO and I will represent Hershey on this morning's call. We welcome those of you listening via the webcast.  Let me remind everyone listening that today's conference call may contain statements which are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations which are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements because of factors such as those listed in this morning’s press release and in our 10-K for 2006 filed with the SEC.  If you have not seen the press release, a copy is posted on our corporate website, www.hersheys.com, in the Investor Relations section. Included in the press release are consolidated balance sheets and summary of consolidated statements of income prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as our pro forma summary of consolidated statements of income quantitatively reconciled to GAAP.  As we said in the press release, the company uses these non-GAAP measures as key metrics for evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the company believes the presentation of earnings excluding certain items provides additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations.  We will discuss our second quarter results for 2007 and 2006 excluding net pretax charges associated with our previously announced business realignment initiatives to advance the company's value enhancing strategy. These net pretax charges were $124.4 million in the second quarter 2007 and $2.6 million in the second quarter 2006.  Our discussion of year to date results and any future projections will also exclude the impact of net charges related to these business realignment initiatives.  With that, let me turn the call over to Rick Lenny. 
Rick Lenny: Thanks, Mark. Results for the second quarter were in line with the expectations communicated in May. Improvement in the U.S. business has been slower than anticipated and higher dairy prices adversely impacted results for the quarter.  Importantly, increased investment in our core brands proved beneficial. Reese's, Hershey's and Kisses achieved a combined 4% increase in retail takeaway during the quarter. This performance was more than offset by lower velocities of some previously introduced items and heightened competitive activity within the refreshment segment. Therefore, retail takeaway in total was down slightly, off 0.4% resulting in a share loss for the quarter.  Solid progress was made on Hershey's long-term strategic priorities. The global supply chain transformation is on schedule, and the joint ventures in China and India are on track. These initiatives will enable Hershey to compete more broadly in the explosive growth within emerging markets.  Dave will discuss the second quarter in detail. I will then provide a summary of our key plans for the second half of the year. Most important, we're taking the necessary steps to regain momentum and better position Hershey as we enter 2008.  Now here's Dave. 
 Dave West : Good morning, everyone. As Rick highlighted, our Q2 results were in line with expectations previously communicated in May. Consolidated net sales in the second quarter of $1.1 billion were flat versus the year ago period. Diluted EPS from operations of $0.35 declined 17%, primarily due to an increase in dairy costs and a slower improvement in U.S. retail trends.  For some detail on net sales, which versus prior year were flat for the quarter, excluding the benefit of the Godrej acquisition and JV they were down 0.7%. This reflects essentially flat corporate-wide volumes and negative price realization of around 1 point.  The pricing action we announced in the U.S. in April had little impact in the quarter as we protected previously agreed to promotional price points. In addition, we increased trade promotion in the quarter behind coupons to generate trial of selected new items, notably Cacao Reserve, as well as couponing behind big merchandising events such as S’Mores and our Reese’s and Coke promotion in convenience stores.  The flat overall volume reflects some gains in our international businesses, offset by a slight decline in the U.S. U.S.A. growth in core brand shipments on Kisses, Reese’s and Hershey’s, growth on selected new items such as Reese’s Crispy Crunchy and IB Sours gum, and in premium and dark chocolate with Cacao Reserve and Special Dark, were unable to overcome continued declines in limited editions, a slowdown in items launched over the past few years, such as Take 5 and Kissables, and in discontinued items such as Bites; and particularly, in discontinued gum brands such as Coolers and Carefree.  Turning now to marketplace performance, Hershey's retail takeaway in the quarter was roughly in line with shipments. Consumer take away for the 12 weeks ending January 17th in channels that account for over 80% of our retail business was down 0.4%. As a reminder, these channels include food, drug, mass including Wal-Mart, and convenience stores.  Our core chocolate franchises, Hershey's, Reese's, and Kisses were up as programs behind the Kisses 100th anniversary and the Hershey’s S'Mores, as well as increased advertising spend on the core, drove takeaway on these brands up 4%. However, we did not keep pace with the category growth in refreshment or in the premium trade-up segment of chocolate, losing share in these areas.  The premium segment was a major driver of share loss in the drug and mass classes of trade. Our new Cacao Reserve product has performed reasonably well, but has not kept pace with the stronger growth of competitive premium entries. Additionally, lack of news, in combination with fewer limited editions and the impact of discontinued items, led to reductions in merchandising quality, particularly in the C store channel where our takeaway was down 1.9 % and we lost 1.3 share points.  Overall, we lost 1.5 share points in the latest 12 weeks in SDMXC. Notably, we are pleased with our performance in other non-measured, non-reportable channels such as club stores and importantly at Wal-Mart. We expect our overall takeaway and share performance to sequentially improve as we continue to reinvest in core brand growth and support our new platforms with enhanced customer and consumer activity in the second half of 2007. Going forward, our retail coverage initiatives should also improve merchandising. Rick will give you further detail on these actions shortly.  Turning now to gross margins, during the second quarter gross margin was down 340 basis points. This is due to overall input costs which were higher year over year. In particular, dairy costs are up markedly. The dairy markets are not as developed as many of the other commodity markets and therefore it is more difficult to take forward positions to cover ourselves over an extended period of time. In the second quarter, total net commodity costs negatively impacted gross margin by about 350 basis points.  Obsolescence costs in the quarter were at relatively normal rates and in line with the first quarter. The softness in single serve did have a negative product impact on margins in the quarter. Offsetting a portion of these declines were favorable manufacturing variances and productivity. Our India joint venture closed late in the second quarter and did not have a material impact on gross or EBIT margins.  EBIT margin for the quarter was down 270 basis points as SM&A was about 3% below last year. The majority of this decline was driven by lower G&A, primarily incentive and benefit costs.  Advertising increased in the quarter, up over 25%. Consumer promotion declined as these dollars were shifted to trade promotion in the form of trial-driving coupons. Total brand spending for the quarter -- that is advertising, consumer promotion and trade promotion -- was up 12% versus prior year. Our ad spending was focused on core brands such as Reese's, Kisses, as well as on some new platforms, primarily in dark chocolate Cacao Reserve.  Going down the P&L, moving to interest expense for the quarter, interest expense increased, coming in at $29.2 million versus $27.5 million in last year's second quarter, reflective of higher short-term borrowings to fund the $250 million share repurchase program initiated earlier in the year and the $500 million share repurchase program completed in 2006.  The tax rate for the second quarter was 36.2%, slightly lower than the prior year but in line with the 36.0% rate we are projecting for the full year. Note that on a quarterly and year to date basis, the reported tax rate is significantly lower than the pro forma due to the higher tax rate applicable to the supply chain realignment charges.  Weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis for the quarter were 232 million versus 240.1 million shares for the second quarter of 2006, leading to EPS of $0.35 per share diluted from operations, down 17% versus year ago.  A quick recap of year to date pro forma results: net sales increased about 0.6% in the first half or 0.3% excluding Godrej Hershey in India. EBIT from operations declined 8% with EBIT margin down 150 basis points to 16.7% from 18.2%. Higher advertising was offset by tight cost control and lower incentive compensation expense. Gross margin was 36% year to date versus 38.2% last year, due primarily to increased input costs. EPS diluted from operations in the first half declined 6.5% to $0.86 per share.  Now let me turn to the balance sheet and cash flow. At the end of the second quarter, net trading capital decreased from the end of last year's second quarter resulting in an improvement of $104 million. Accounts receivable increased $51 million and remains extremely current and of high quality. Inventories were lower by $64 million compared to the second quarter last year and accounts payable increased by $92 million in the quarter.  The improvement in working capital reflects 2007 planned programs to improve our sales and operations planning process and to stretch our days payable. This has resulted in an improvement in net cash from operating activities that is running about $150 million ahead of last year.  Some other cash flow items. During the quarter, capital additions, including cap software, were $41.4 million. For 2007, we continue to target total capital additions to be in the range of $250 million to $300 million, driven by our global supply chain transformation initiative. Depreciation and amortization was $83.9 million in the quarter. This includes accelerated depreciation related to the global supply chain transformation plan of $33 million. So operating depreciation and amortization totaled $50.7 million in the quarter and should be in the $200 million to $210 million range for the full year.  Dividends paid during the second quarter were $60.1 million. We did not acquire any stock in the second quarter related to the current repurchase program. There is $150 million outstanding on the current authorization that the board approved in December 2006.  During the quarter, we did repurchase $47 million of our common stock shares in the open market to replace shares issued in connection with employees exercising stock options. Our goal is to repurchase all such shares. Lastly, we made $77 million in investments in Godrej Hershey in India and with the Lotte joint venture in China.  Let me quickly give you an update on the impact of the global supply chain transformation initiative which we announced back in February. Plant closures have been announced, six in total. During the quarter, total business realignment charges of $124.4 million pretax were recorded. This reduced EPS by $0.34 for the quarter. We recorded $41.3 million in cost of sales consisting of accelerated depreciation and inventory reductions.  The $3.3 million recorded in SM&A related to the program reflect program management costs. The $79.7 million on the restructuring line in the P&L includes $53 million related to employee costs and $27 million related to asset write-offs and contract terminations. Overall, projections for the project remain in line with what was announced in February. On a year-to-date basis, the pretax expenses related to this program total $164.8 million or $0.44 per share diluted on reported basis.  To date, our plans are on track for the global supply chain project and we expect to recognize $15 million in savings from the realignment by the end of the year. Construction of the new facility in Monterey is on track and we will begin production there in 2008.  Let me close by talking about 2007 and the remainder of the year. Increased investment spending and trade promotion, advertising, and retail resources will continue for the remainder of the year and should lead to improving marketplace performance as we work our way through the rest of 2007.  Specifically, we should see an improvement in trend in the U.S. business versus the first half behind improving core brands, seasonal offerings, and artist and confections programming. Our Canadian business will cycle last year's recall in Q4 and we'll also relaunch our business in China in the back half. Therefore, for the year we anticipate organic net sales growth to be in the low single-digits. Benefits from the India joint venture will be additive to this number.  With respect to gross margin, we would expect a moderation in the gross margin decline in the second half. Dairy costs escalation has slowed a bit in recent weeks, however, the market remains volatile. As we mentioned earlier in the year, our productivity program is stronger in the second half, and we will incur more normalized levels of obsolescence expense versus prior year. These benefits won't be sufficient to offset the entire overall increase of input costs.  So the top line and margin outlook and our commitment to continue to spend behind our brands leads us to expect 2007 diluted earnings per share from operations to be down mid single-digits for the year, as we continue to do what is needed to reestablish marketplace momentum.  Now Rick will provide some specifics. 
 Rick Lenny : It's obvious that Hershey didn't perform up to expectations during the first half. Although progress was made in many areas, we have yet to experience the broad-based gains that are reflective of a very attractive category, and Hershey’s competitive advantages.  As we enter the second half, our number one priority is to restore Hershey's marketplace momentum within the U.S. where we have combined solid execution that leverages our scale with strong innovation and investment; our business has responded. We fully intend to do what's necessary to create this combination through the balance of 2007 and beyond.  Therefore, despite the ongoing commodity cost pressure we are significantly increasing the investment in advertising, key consumer and customer promotion events, innovation and retail coverage.  Our core brands posted a 4% gain in retail takeaway in the second quarter behind increased brand investment. This investment spending will continue in the back half and I will provide specifics in a moment.  The other big opportunity for us is new product innovation. Over the past several years, we have had good success in new products, particularly limited editions and dark chocolate. However, some of our new products have experienced shorter life cycles than expected. This lower velocity has impacted retail distribution and takeaway.  In addition, the majority of the fall off has been within the single-serve pack type, thus impacting margins and our performance within convenience stores. Our new product innovation must become more sustainable. This will require sharper consumer and customer insights and a more rigorous process from idea development to end market execution. We're taking the appropriate steps in terms of resource allocation and key changes to our new product development process.  We're pursuing parallel paths for new product innovation. One is close in news that leverages our core brands, while the other is more sustainable platforms such as dark and premium chocolate. I'll start with the broader platforms.  The platform that is the most promising is dark and premium chocolate. This segment is expected to show continued strong growth. Over the next five years, we expect the segment to measure $2.5 billion at retail, representing a mid-teens compounded growth rate. Hershey's growth in this segment has not kept pace with the competition and this will change.  Through the years, Hershey has benefited from portfolio scale in mainstream chocolate. This approach will extend to premium chocolate in two key ways. First, earlier this morning we announced a strategic alliance with Starbucks, one of the most iconic brands in the world. Hershey will manufacture, distribute and market a broad range of Starbucks branded chocolate and cocoa products beginning in early 2008.  The premium segment is poised for rapid growth as consumers search for superior high end offerings and as retailers are adding sections dedicated to premium chocolate. Hershey, as category captain, will provide customers with the appropriate category management insights to fully capitalize on this opportunity.  The addition of Starbucks, when combined with Hershey's Cacao Reserve, Scharffen Berger, Joseph Schmidt and Dagoba brands, will enable consumers and customers to select from a wide portfolio of on trend, superior premium chocolate products that deliver unique benefits and satisfy numerous usage occasions.  Hershey's retail scale and merchandising expertise will be a key enabler of this strategy. It will certainly speed the development of Cacao Reserve by Hershey’s, which represented our initial entry within the mass premium segment. Consumer research, both prior to its launch and following the initial trial, confirms that the Hershey brand can participate in this emerging segment.  To ensure that we deliver the right consumer proposition during the remainder of 2007, we're evolving the Cacao Reserve portfolio. Late in the second quarter, we launched Indulgent, individually-wrapped truffles and chocolates in stand-up bags. This past weekend an FSI delivered coupon support that in conjunction with in-store merchandising should further boost consumer trial. In-market learning will help determine the power SKUs while phasing out slower moving items.  Some of the items in the line were developed in concert with Barry Callebaut, the world’s largest producer of cocoa and chocolate products. This week we announced we would further our relationship with Callebaut. We finalized an agreement enabling the two companies to partner on research and development activities with a focus on driving innovation and new chocolate taste experiences, premium chocolate, health and wellness, and ingredient research. This alliance provides Hershey with immediate access to these capabilities. To build additional scale within the premium trade-up segment, we're developing a major new entry that will be announced later this year.  Turning now to the refreshment platform, this segment is on trend from a consumer standpoint, delivers profitable growth for retailers and is highly incremental for Hershey. As such, it it's attracting a significant amount of competitive activity, particularly in new products and varieties. We experienced strong growth in 2006 but have lagged the segment this year. Although Ice Breakers is a brand that can effectively compete in refreshment, our innovation to date has not been as consistent as we need it to be.  Where we have been able to gain distribution, the velocities have been solid. This is the case with Ice Breakers Sours mints and gums and York Mint tins. However, the competitive activity mentioned previously and the lack of portfolio scale in refreshment have limited our retail space.  New refreshment items must deliver a meaningful consumer benefit that can compete effectively at retail and maintain a reasonable level of ongoing sales. We believe that Wellness mints and gums do this. In May we launched two flavors of Ice Breakers Wellness gums. These offer consumers unique benefit as they include ingredients such as ginseng, vitamins and antioxidants. In September we'll introduce Ice Breakers Wellness mints. Both the gum and mints are packaged in convenient, on the go tins. In December we will introduce Ice Breakers ice packs. This unique product delivers a superior boost of cooling sensation by combining breath strips in a pouch filled with Zylatol.  A third platform involves well being. Consumers are responding to the benefit of portion control, especially 100-calorie packs. Across the food industry this segment is growing at rates better than 60%. Hershey is participating broadly in this growth with Snacksters 100 calorie packs. In addition, Hershey's 60 calorie sticks and 100 calorie bars are performing well. We're adding capacity to keep pace with full year sales growth that is expected to be up double digits.  Our approach going forward is to be more targeted in our positioning while delivering consumer benefits that can leverage Hershey's retail and technology scale. This approach will also be applied to closed and new products which brings news to our core brands and leverage their strong equities.  This has worked particularly well with Reese's. Reese's Crispy Crunchy has added a new dimension to the brand, and is the major driver of franchise growth on a year-to-date basis. Reese's Whips, which will deliver a meaningful benefit of 40% less fat will now be available in September.  The Reese's brand will also benefit from the Elvis Peanut Butter and Banana Cream limited edition. Retail sell-in was successful, and we anticipate very strong in store support. For example, at a major drugstore customer Elvis is a top five turning standard bar. Given that we had request for twice the typical number of merchandising units we expect to have more success stories such as this.  In addition to bringing news to the category ,these close and new products will benefit from the step up in second half spending behind the core brands. Whether the advertising message is specific to the new item or reinforces the existing brand equity, there's a halo effect across the franchise. Importantly, this type of innovation will be tailored to our scale and business system. We will plan our closer in innovation to anticipate a shorter lifecycle, minimize capital and product returns, and ensure that distribution is only in appropriate outlets, customers, and trade classes.  For example, the Kisses franchise performed well in the second quarter. Retail takeaway improved sequentially versus the first quarter. This gain is attributed to the custom Kisses flavor offered only to select customers to celebrate Kisses 100th anniversary. In the second half, customer programming accelerates with the end stands that include the iconic milk chocolate Kiss in addition to the custom items. Promotional materials will be prevalent in certain geographies, giving consumers an opportunity to win a trip to the sweetest place on earth, Hershey, Pennsylvania.  Our retail sales force remains a competitive advantage. One of the major enablers of our brand-building strategy is superior retail execution, whether we're winning the seasons, driving core brand growth or delivering new product innovation we must ensure the right level of resources are placed against the right customers and channels.  For example, we have utilized our in-store presence to create what we refer to as the fifth season. That's the very unique summer S'Mores program. This year we developed a fully integrated promotion with the key component being preassembled palettes of Hershey's milk chocolate bars, Honey Maid graham crackers and Kraft marshmallows. Prior to Memorial Day and continuing through the summer grilling season and Labor Day, these pallets are shipped directly to key customers. This event supported by media and couponing, has achieved strong merchandising support. Hershey's milk chocolate bars in convenient six-packs have experienced double-digit growth. We expect similar results for the balance of this promotion.  We continue to assess and refine retail coverage across all channels. To support our consumer and customer initiatives, we will be increasing retail coverage by 30%. We expect to achieve these staffing levels by September so the latter part of the second half will experience the major benefit. Convenience stores will be the recipient of the largest increase. C stores continue to be a long term source of growth for Hershey.  The recent share loss is due to lost merchandising from the previously mentioned competitive activity in refreshment, and the shorter life cycles of some new products. Increased coverage in support of stronger programming will deliver improved performance.  Within convenience stores we will be driving our core brands. The Reese's and Coca Cola promotion has been widely accepted and momentum is building. Participation in the second half will increase by 20% versus the first half. Hershey's segment leadership in king size expanded during the second quarter with takeaway up 11%. This momentum will accelerate behind the current Elvis promotion and a fourth quarter king size two for $2 merchandising event.  Kit Kat will capitalize on the growth of hot beverages in convenience store with counter units placed at the high-traffic coffee stations. A recently executed Kit Kat and coffee focused radio promotion has helped drive Kit Kat takeaway in C stores by 6%.  This retail investment will support strong seasonal programming. The second half of the year is the most important from a seasonal standpoint, accounting for 60% of the full year seasonal takeaway. Hershey is the clear marketplace leader during the high consumption Halloween and holiday timeframes. Seasonal orders and committed merchandising plans are on track to deliver solid performance. The major emphasis is on our core brands such as Reese's, which will benefit from seasonally relevant TV and print support.  Our key brands respond well to in-season advertising with an ROI of over 200 during the key Halloween timeframe. As we get closer to October, we'll run FSI's promoting snack-sized bag candy including Reese's, Hershey's and Kit Kat. These three brands alone account for well over half of our Halloween retail sales.  During the holiday season, we'll support a broad range of our brands with national promotions featuring strong couponing activity. In addition, Kisses will benefit from seasonal advertising which has proven to be very impactful, with an ROI of almost two times the average. To capitalize on the gifting opportunity, Hershey will leverage several of its brands. Cacao Reserve will offer a variety of unique packaging formats ideal for gifting. These items, featured on specially created holiday gift center displays will be provided to key customers. In addition, Scharffen Berger and Joseph Schmidt will deliver high end gifts in selected retailers. Combined, these seasonal programs will drive sell-through and retail takeaway.  Now to wrap up. The company's performance during the first half is not what we've come to expect or what we're capable of delivering. We've completed a detailed assessment of what's working and what's not and are making the appropriate shifts in plans and execution. We are increasing the investment in our brands and selling capabilities while pursuing a disciplined approach to global expansion.  Based on the plans in place in the second half, we expect sequential improvement in organic net sales that will result in full year 2007 growth in the low single-digit range. Against this back drop of improving sales are higher dairy costs and stronger investment levels. Both will pressure margins. As such, we expected earnings per share diluted from operations for 2007 to decline mid single-digits.  We're committed to taking the appropriate steps to ensure that Hershey's enters 2008 with a strong foundation for delivering profitable growth both in the U.S. and within key global markets that represent attractive long-term potential. Investments made in 2007 are the essential building blocks necessary to deliver consistent net sales and earnings growth over the long term. We'll drive these fundamentals throughout the remainder of 2007 and emerge from this period a stronger company.  We will now open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch. 
 Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: Good morning. There was obviously a very big swing in your second half guidance. Could you give us some quantification as to how much of this is attributable to accelerating some of your investment spending to position the company for ’08 versus the weaker than expected performance in the core business and new products?  Particularly, could you comment on change in your marketing spending plans versus the guidance that you gave in early May? 
Dave West: Hi Eric. Let me take a shot on that, and Rick can add some color commentary if he would like. Since May 10 when we communicated to you last, the commodity cost picture is a little worse than it was, so that is a part of what we are seeing here in our second half estimates now. We will increase our investments, particularly in the back part of the year behind consumer promotion and trade spending and some couponing to get the takeaway re-established, so you will see higher spending from us.  Probably a little bit more advertising than we would have been thinking about back in May, but even more in the way of trade promotion and FSIs and some consumer activity to get things moving again.  Then also as we look through the back half of the year, frankly the share projection that we had for ourselves in the second quarter we didn’t quite get to where we wanted to be, and so as we have projected the rest of the year, we have taken that into account that we have not seen the turnaround as quickly as we would like, and that does have both a volume and a mix impact, because the seasonal part of the second half is already sold in. So what we would expect to see a little bit less robust takeaway in would be more in instant consumables in the back half, which would have a negative mix. 
Eric Serotta – Merrill Lynch: Just following up on that point, I guess we have been hearing for five quarters now about the mix drag as customers burn through the inventories on the limited editions which aren’t moving as quickly as they used to. When does this end? Could you give us some assessment as to the limited edition inventory in the pipeline in the retail channel out there, and when you see that finally at least turning neutral from being a drag? 
 Rick Lenny: We are working through the reduction in the limited editions and the year-over-year impact. I think the other one that is important is we talked in terms of our innovation, we are seeing a shorter lifecycle on some of the new items that were higher margin, single serve that we thought would have more sustainability, which is why we are being very aggressive in our two-step approach to innovation. The close in innovations, right-sized to the brand and then more broad platform innovation that can be a part of a very high-growth segment such as premium and dark chocolate. So those are really the two combining factors as to your point in terms of when is it going to turn? 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Feeney – Wachovia. 
 Jon Feeney – Wachovia: Thank you and good morning. Dave, you mentioned your total consumer spending rising 12% this quarter. Is it possible you could maybe parse that out between advertising and trade, and talk a little bit about your targets for the year for those two categories of spending? 
Dave West: Advertising spending, I mentioned in my remarks in the second quarter was up over 25%. We would expect to see continued double-digit increases in advertising through the second half of the year.  The reason that I am talking about consumer promotion and trade promotion together is because we made a conscious decision this year to shift some of our consumer money, which the consumer promotion is actually down below the sales line, we’ve shifted some of that up into FSIs and some couponing activity to get trial on some of the new items. It shows up as trade promotion expense between gross and net.  So it is a little hard for you to see it, but overall, when you put all of those buckets together it was up double-digit in the second quarter. We would expect similar increases going forward, and a profile that is fairly similar to what we saw in the second quarter. 
 Jon Feeney – Wachovia: Do you have a number in your head as a percentage of sales, what is the right number for ad spending on a consolidated basis? I mean, you are clearly growing it way ahead of sales right now. 
 Rick Lenny: I think the important thing, and we have talked before, given our category leadership and scale within the segment, we see very high ROIs between both trade promotion support in support of a value-added event as well as advertising, so we look at the total bucket of funds that we want to invest in our brands.  I think what is important, while we are increasing advertising, another factor is what are we advertising against? If you think about it within that increased advertising we are very much focused on core brands which we know respond extremely well, and they have been, and also new products, some of which are also a part of the core brand equity. I think not diffusing that spending across multiple parts of the business, I think we have a much greater impact.  But the important thing is we see the opportunity to leverage our total investment, given the scale of our portfolio with both consumers and customers, and that is a strategy we have been following.  The short answer is, we don’t have a specific target for a percentage of sales devoted to advertising. We really look at it on a brand-by-brand, initiative-by-initiative basis. 
 Jon Feeney – Wachovia: A big picture question. You have a lot going on here with the international JV and now the Starbucks co-branding. Is it possible that some of the difficulty you are seeing in the marketplace – obviously the core businesses are pretty good, but – is it somewhere between those new products in the market, the premium chocolate, are suffering from maybe a little bit of overload at the management level, like trying to do too much?  Would it make sense to maybe focus more on the core U.S. business, or would you say that is not a fair characterization. 
 Rick Lenny: I think there are a couple of things. Within the core U.S. business, we see the long-term profitable growth opportunities within chocolate. We have a 40-plus share of the chocolate market, the largest and most profitable chocolate market in the world. Everything we are doing is focused on how do we continue to strengthen that part of the business?  We have scaled back some of our efforts on snacks and you could say maybe that was the distraction in the U.S. But our work on the global supply chain transformation and our work on our disciplined approach to global expansion are not distractions or getting in the way. Quite simply, they are an enabler for us to collectively have a much stronger, broader-based company going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns. 
 Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns : There are a number of topics on this one, but one thing I want to talk about, Rick, was the premium chocolate. You mentioned there that you had lost some share there and that some of the Cacao Reserve products aren’t selling that well and you’re trimming some of the SKUs that we have out there. Is that correct? Did I hear that correctly? 
 Rick Lenny: I think what is important, let’s take a step back. The premium segment has shown explosive growth, which is good. It is on trend from consumers, customers are dedicating new sections to premium chocolate, that is terrific. We haven’t been participating broadly enough so I will take Cacao Reserve for a second.  First off, Cacao Reserve is doing well, it’s largely in line with our expectations but it is a small component of our scale play in the broader premium segment. That is why we’re moving quickly to build scale with the Starbucks announcement, our work with Barry Callebaut, Cacao Reserve and our other brands. Think of it as, Cacao Reserve was our initial foray into premium and dark chocolate and the mass premium. We’re learning a lot. We said we are evolving the portfolio.  As all items, when they are introduced, some items do well, some don’t do as well. We will continue to refresh that part of the business.  But most important, this is a scale play and we think we can do within premium and dark chocolate exactly the way Hershey has been competitive in mainstream chocolate. If the consume is going towards premium from mainstream and will continue to support mainstream and premium is high growth, we need to participate more broadly which are the steps that are being taken. 
 Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns : My feeling on it would be though that I just wonder how you would feel about the initial strategy? It seems to have not played out as well as you thought, more quickly than I would have thought. You look at the venture with Starbuck, that should bear some fruit, but it raises the issue of why the Starbucks brand, not the Hershey brand?  Maybe if you could just take one step back and what did go wrong -- granted it is early stages with dark chocolate, and as you mentioned, you do hope to scale up with it, but I guess I’m at a bit of a loss to understand why the whole thing got off to what appears to be a pretty shaky start. 
 Rick Lenny: Terry, it hasn’t gone wrong. I think the important thing is we continue to be the leader in solid dark chocolate, if you think about special dark and extra dark. What we’re saying is we’re seeing explosive growth in a segment, some very strong competitive items and we see the opportunity to participate more broadly.   Cacao Reserve was an initial entry to learn about the mass premium segment; that was never meant to be the only way we were going to compete effectively in this segment. We are talking about a segment that is expected to be over $2 billion. We need to participate broadly.  Starbucks is one of the most iconic brands in the world. We have an opportunity to develop and market that item with our retailers and for consumers and be able to use that as another part of the foundation to bring in additional premium items. We also said that later in the year we will be announcing a major new entry from us. I am obviously not going to get into it here.  Let’s say these are very, very early days. This thing is headed in the right direction, it is going to take some time. But the most important thing, this is a segment that is growing. It is on trend from consumers and customers and we are going to participate broadly. 
 Terry Bivens - Bear Stearns : Just one quick follow up. On the C store, the share loss there. What portion would be attributable to refreshment and if you could give us some color on where the competition is coming from versus what you may have lost on business we’d look at as more being base chocolate? 
 Rick Lenny: The refreshment share loss was disproportionate in convenience stores because convenience stores have a larger proportion of total refreshment takeaway. As we talked about a significant competitive activity and we had some trial takeaway a year ago that we are lapping this year and we talked about our innovation in refreshment is going to be more back-end loaded towards the latter part of the year.  But our convenience store initiative is more broad-based than just being competitive in refreshment. We didn’t have the news in convenience stores in first half of the year whether it was limited edition from a year ago or some new items that were in their first year, the previous year; that is not the point.  The point is in second half we saw continued growth in king size. Let me remind you that king size is a major contributor in convenience stores. So whether it is the Elvis promotion, the Coca-Cola and Hershey promotion, or some of the new refreshment items; and again, the added retail coverage we see continued growth in convenience stores and we haven’t done as well as we have in the past and we are going to get back on track there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse. 
 Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse : Good morning. I think you said that you’re making changes in your R&D and your new product development process. Rick, the way you described it was you are go to have close-in efforts and you are also going to have sustainable platform type of efforts.  I’m having trouble figuring out how that is different from how you approached new product development before? I’m looking at some of the items you are talking about like Reese’s Crispy Crunchy and Whips and then the Elvis promotion and the Ice Breakers items. Should we think that these are much more sustainable items, these items are going to be much more sustainable because you fixed this process? Maybe help me understand how the process is different. 
 Rick Lenny: What we are doing is there is a parallel path to innovation. There is the close-in new product news such as Reese’s Whips or a Crispy Crunchy and we are going to size that appropriately, in essence closer to what a limited edition might be or a new variety as opposed to expecting it to be sustainable.  Let me give you an example of one that we learned a lot from. I think that is what is driving us towards this approach. Let’s take Take Five. In Take Five what we thought could be more sustainable innovation, consumers viewed it as more of another variety and thus its performance has been more short-term than we would have liked. So while we treated that as a brand and we invested accordingly, that is not a long-term viable proposition.  So the learning for us is that true innovation must be more platform-based versus new items unless it is close-in and leverages an existing brand equity such as Reese’s Whips. So when we do a Reese’s Whip or a Crispy Crunchy that is not a huge cap investment, we know exactly how to merchandise it, we know which customers to take it to. But when we do something like premium and dark chocolate which is a huge segment from the consumer standpoint, we need to participate more broadly and that is where platform-based innovation is going to play. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank. 
 Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : I want to ask you maybe a little bit of a longer-term oriented question. When you first came on you justifiably raised the targets, you had a lot of costs to take out of the business; you did well with the new products and the limited edition effort.  Since this year and I guess last year you’re going to under perform on the targets and we’ve had a lot more cost volatility than anybody expected across the industry. We’ve learned that any commodity is at risk to standard deviation to volatility beyond expectations.  How do you feel about the long-term targets and to the extent that may try to push the organization beyond what is reasonable at this time, given the cost environment and the competitive dynamics? 
 Rick Lenny: Eric, one way to think about it is our primary and sole focus right now is to get the store momentum in the second half of this year and begin to get the foundation in place on our joint ventures in high growth emerging markets such as China and India. We are in the early stages but making a lot of progress on our global supply chain transformation. Those are the type of efforts that we believe over the long term will provide sustainable, profitable growth for the company.  We still view the U.S. market as a very attractive one, we have the leadership position, we have great scale at retail and selling capabilities so we’re not go to get into a discussion of what long-term expectations might or might not be.  Your points are well taken around commodities and competition, but we faced those in the past and we’ve done well in the past. What we’re talking about is getting our foundation back on track and then ensuring that we have a broad view of where to capture strategic growth opportunities going forward. 
Eric Katzman - Deutsche Bank : I don’t know if when you woke up this morning and read the Journal, but when I read the Journal and saw that PepsiCo was in conversation with Nestle, I was just shocked. From an M&A perspective I know you can’t talk specifically about Hershey and its place in the world, but to the extent that these huge companies are talking about combining, how does that make you feel about the company’s position and how long of an effort does the international expansion, how much time do you give that before the need to look elsewhere to grow is necessary? 
 Rick Lenny: Eric, you are right, I can’t talk about any potential M&A activity. Your observation is obviously a sound one. We think about the scale we have within a category as opposed to a company that is large because it maybe competes in multiple categories and may not have scale in all of those.  We certainly like our position in the core U.S. market, but we also know that in order for us to deliver on our long-term expectations we need to get profitable growth outside of the U.S. and we like the steps that we’re taking and we want to see how those play out. I’d leave it at that for now if I might. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company. 
 Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company : Just wanted to touch a little bit -- and I know you don’t provide specific commentary on your commodity cost exposure. But I did want to talk about maybe your relative exposure. Generally looking at what is happening in dairy markets and expecting maybe a sustainable increase in costs, do you look at formulations as a consideration or is there any way that you can manage that exposure over a time by maybe shifting away from some of those costs? 
Dave West: Christine we continuously look at formulation. There are a number of things within a product that we can do and are certainly already looking at, and some of them we’re already doing to shift from lactose to other things.  There are a number of things that we continue to look at and obviously we take a look at the global dairy market as well as the other markets which have become very global and we will continue to do what is appropriate for us, not only to get the product formulation to the most cost-effective and consumer preferred, but also as we’re going to have to look at our margin structure going forward and our pricing structure. So those are all things that are under study and I can’t really comment any further than that. It is something underway. 
 Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company : With your relationship now with Barry Callebaut does that change your exposure to commodities at all? Does that shift some of that to their responsibility with more outsourcing of chocolate production? 
 Rick Lenny: One thing I would say, Christine is we’ve already been moving, we moved production of cocoa powder outside last year, we moved production of cocoa liquor outside. So some of the things where we don’t think we add value in the process we’ve already moved outside and you have seen a reduction in our raw material inventory levels over time. You’ll probably continue to see some of that as we use third-party suppliers where we don’t really feel we add a competitive advantage ourselves. So you will continue to see that.  It will change our inventory levels a little bit, but it doesn’t change the way we view the market and our market expertise in terms of procurement will still be there. But again, obviously, I think on some level it also opens us up to share knowledge with someone else who does this for a living as well. 
 Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company : Just one other question on seasonal it seems like you put more of a focus on seasonal, increasing some of your advertising around that. I am curious because you have backed off that in recent years. I am curious if there is a big shift, I guess, in your strategy there? 
Dave West: Christine, what we’re looking at in the back half of the year importantly for us is to make sure that in the marketplace we are competitive, that we get our market share growing in the right way. It is a very large seasonal component. We have continually run our marketing mix models over the last few years and what we found is the ROI of the advertising in the season has come back as very, very high and we’ve adjusted our spending models accordingly to run there. In both holiday and Halloween you will see advertising. It goes a long way with the lightest users in the category so we can capture that purchase occasion.  Frankly, the way the seasonal business works, it is very important to get sell-through because it is how you base your next year’s order on it. We want to make sure as we leave the end of this year that we have very good sell-through. 
 Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company : And the early read on Halloween and back-to-school is good? 
Dave West: Solid. We have a solid Halloween program in place. Holiday and Valentine’s Day have been a little tougher for us the last few years because a good portion of the category has moved towards premium gifting and we did not have solutions in the past there. We do have some very good Cacao Reserve and Scharffen Berger items in gifting this holiday and into next Valentine’s season so we think we will be okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Eddelman - Morgan Stanley. 
 David Eddelman - Morgan Stanley : I wanted to ask a question about share buybacks and the balance sheet. Clearly, even this quarter, your EBITDA interest coverage is north of 7X. This is a seasonally weak part of the business. Presumably you are optimistic on the long-term prospects for the company. Between ‘04 and ‘06 you brought back almost $2 billion in stock. Essentially, at an average share price close to where the stock price is today.  What is the argument, given those dynamics, against doing a large leverage recap at this point? 
 Rick Lenny: Right now, David, where we currently sit we have a board authorization and clearly the capital structure of the company is a board level decision. I can’t give you any more specific commentary in terms of what the future plans are.  Let me tell you how we are thinking about it today. Within the quarter, we made some investments in joint ventures in both India and China. We have significant capital expenditure this year and into early next year behind our global supply chain transformation project and also the costs associated with that project in terms of cash flow.  So as we look at the levers in terms of using cash, we have a pretty balanced use of cash in the quarter. We will continue to look to buy back shares. It is accretive. We do believe the stock is a good value and so you should expect to see us continuing to exercise our ability to buy back shares.  Beyond that, I don’t want to go any further than that because the capital structure strategy needs to happen at the board level. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Larson - Piper Jaffray. 
 Eric Larson - Piper Jaffray : Good morning, everyone. A quick question, Rick, on China and India. Obviously right now you don’t have an equity line that discloses what your investment, what the drag to earnings is on that. We all know how long joint ventures do take to start producing real earnings, et cetera. What is the size of your investment, what is the drag on earnings and what is the payback period in terms of when you would see those ventures contributing to the bottom line? 
 Rick Lenny: Let me give a bit of an overview and then David will give you some of the specifics that you asked. Let’s take India, for example. In India we have the joint venture with Godrej. We started with a going concern when Godrej acquired the [Nutrine] confectionary business about a year or so ago. We have a going concern that is profitable.  You’re talking about a chocolate market in India measuring maybe $400 million in sales versus one in the U.S. that is close to $8 billion. We see the opportunity to get in there and help influence consumer taste preference. It is certainly not a share gain within India.  China, we have a manufacturing joint venture and we certainly expect to deliver profitable sales as we get that up and running. Both of those certainly require brand and customer investment but done so in a way to build a profitable business over the long term.  Dave, do you want to give any specifics? 
Dave West: I did, actually make a comment. We invested $77 million in the quarter in Godrej Hershey in India and with Lotte in China. As Rick said, the important thing to know about the Lotte JV in China, it is a manufacturing JV. Essentially, if you think about it, if we didn’t have a manufacturing JV partner we would have had to go in on our own and make the investment to manufacture.  What we are doing is sharing costs in terms of overhead absorption with someone else who also needed to manufacture in China. What that JV is doing is transferring product to us at cost plus a mark-up.  Essentially, the sales and marketing aspect of it is our own to control. The valid question would be less about the JV, more about what the market looks like in China and how long it is going to take us to get to scale and profitability? That is a fair question.  We’ve got some good plans in place in the back half . The India JV, since we have a 51% stake in that, that will be consolidated into our results and there will be a minority interest line that will be newly added to our balance sheet. You will be able to see progress in India and then the China JV is recorded as an equity investment. We did discuss how big it was. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Dubick - Banc of America. 
 Todd Dubick - Banc of America : I wanted to see if you could follow-up a little bit on the share repurchase. Obviously you have been repurchasing shares and I know you can’t comment on specific plans with respect to a leveraging event, but if you could tell us what your free cash flow priorities are currently and in the context of your strong investment grade rating, with a lot of your peers basically saying we don’t need to be a strong A-rated company today. How are you thinking about your credit rating in light of your capital structure? 
Dave West: I am probably not going to give you much more satisfaction than I did before. Again as I said, right now as we look at cash flow usage we have a large capital project, the largest in the company’s history in terms of the global supply project and a new facility in Monterey, Mexico. That obviously is ongoing. We have a lot of cash, one-time cash costs associated with employee costs and start-up associated with that. We do have a buyback in place. We are making investments in the joint ventures I just talk about and we obviously have continued to pay a dividend.  So we have a balanced approach to this. All of those things are at relatively high levels for us versus historical, so I think the balanced use of cash is clearly one we’re looking at. As we go forward, in terms of uses, I would rather not speculate on what we may or may not do. 
 Todd Dubick - Banc of America : To recap, it sounds to me like what you are saying is your free cash flow priorities are first to invest in the business; if you have excess cash flow beyond that you may consider repurchasing shares, but that would be a secondary use? 
Dave West: No. Actually I think as I said, we have intentions in all of those areas. We have an existing buyback in place. We have been active buying back shares in the past. Our dividend, we continue to pay a dividend. Our dividend policy, we have had increases in the dividend 30 plus years in a row.  We are investing in the business in terms of the manufacturing infrastructure and globally. I think it is across the board and I’d rather not go back and state a policy for you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein. 
 Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : I think you mentioned that net pricing was somewhat down this quarter but that you’re actually pushing through more of the price increase you announced earlier in the year. Are we expecting to see a benefit from that as we go into the third and fourth quarters? 
Dave West: Alexia, in the second quarter given the timing of the price increase we really protected promote and price points for the most part in the second quarter. You should see an increase in some of the list price pass through in the third and fourth quarters. As I just mentioned, you will also continue to see increased promotional activity both in the way we are looking at some couponing on some of the new items in the back part of the year and we’ll also be looking at some programming in convenience stores; and again, the seasonal part of the business.  I don’t believe price realization will be as big a drag as it was in first half but I would really look more towards 2008 to start to see some real big benefit of it. I think we are going to spend back in the second half. 
 Alexia Howard - Sanford Bernstein : We talked a lot about share changes over the last few quarters. Can you speak to what you see happening across your measured channels in terms of total chocolate category growth? We seem to be seeing consumers shifting into healthier snacking options and certainly I guess the growth in dark chocolate is part of that as well.  But for the chocolate category as a whole, are you seeing a little bit of a slow down relative to where we were a of couple years ago? 
 Rick Lenny: No, we are seeing very good overall chocolate category growth. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll - Citigroup. 
 David Driscoll - Citigroup : I wanted to go through some numbers here. This is a follow-up to a question previously asked. When I look at the change in the guidance from May 10, it is something like $0.20 to $0.25. When I do it on a pre-tax basis that is something like $80 million in terms of the delta.  You have lowered your sales expectation; it is always hard to say with the way you guys write this, but something like 2 percentage points. Again, the profit impact there, the pre-tax impact would be like a $20 million impact. That would leave $60 million remaining.  I still don’t understand really what the split is here between investment spending, dairy and commodity and then the negative mix impact from the weakness in the C stores. Can you rank these items for me? 
Dave West: I would actually prefer not to get into too much specificity. Volume is a large component of that, obviously, as you said as we looked at the trend that we saw in the second quarter and projected where we were going to be for the rest of the year, volume is a part of that.  Underneath the volume the mix component of the kind of volume where we’re seeing some of the softness is part of that. Dairy cost particularly are a little higher than we would have thought back at May 10th. That would be one component of it, and then the last component, as I said, is the continued increase in our spending behind the brands in the business. It is probably a little bit of all of the four, David. 
 David Driscoll - Citigroup : So you want to say basically equally weighted across those four different categories? 
Dave West: I don’t want to say anything about the weighting of them, but those are the four big buckets and I would let it go at that. 
 David Driscoll - Citigroup : Let me just be real clear. What I think is going on here is that if it is a dairy impact, a commodity cost impact, people can look through this and understand that ’08 can get back on track if dairy comes back.  If it is really a fundamental issue with the C store business in that it is a mix impact and a volume impact and that is driving the large reduction in your forecast for the second half, then that is really a very fundamental problem with the business strategy that you guys have out there.  Rick can you make some comments here? This is going to be a question all day long and really people are going to be quite upset about how to think about their investment in Hershey. 
 Rick Lenny: David, no question. No one likes to miss their numbers. What we like less is not addressing the issue and getting the business back on track by the approach we are taking in terms of continuing to maintain that investment: We have grown that investment, we have seen some good results in the first half. We’ve talk about what has been in the base of the prior year comparisons that have created a huge drag in half. Limited Edition much more so in the first half than in the second half. We’ve talked about the innovation that wasn’t as sustainable and that is in the base as well.  As Dave said, we’re not going to split out what the components are. What we are doing is we are saying what does it take to become competitive and restore our momentum and in the marketplace in the second-half and then what are the right levels of expectations for sales and earnings that we have with the backdrop of higher commodity costs.  You keep saying C stores. We weren’t addressing it particularly as convenience stores. We say had lost share, I think 1.5 share points for the quarter and we know exactly where that is and the steps we’re taking.  So we still fundamentally like the characteristics of the category, good position. We’ve been very successful in the past. We understand the missteps over the past few quarters and we are aggressively addressing those. 
 David Driscoll - Citigroup : One more question on a follow-up; Eric asked a question about your long-term guidance and you really didn’t answer it. You have had this long-term guidance out there and again, another topic of major concern for investors. Are you really just saying right now that you are just not going to talk about it, you are going to withdraw this for the moment, pending getting the business back on track? Is that the right way we should really read your comments? 
Dave West: No, absolutely not, David. What we are saying is that the 3% to 4% top line, 9% to 11% on the EPS line has always been a long-term range. We’ve been above it over the past several years. More often than not, last year and this year obviously we’re below 3 to 4, 9 to 11.  We are very, very excited about what we have going on in the business long-term. The global supply chain transformation project is going to generate significant savings for us to invest in our business in the future. The globalization that we have going on and particularly in attractive markets such as India and China, the scale in our core markets where we are just now starting to enter the faster growing segments in premium and dark and we’re going to do it with scale, with very good partners such as Barry Callebaut and Starbucks.  What Rick said is we are focused in 2007 and in early 2008 in getting the business back on track but we still believe in the fundamental strength of our scale and our position in the U.S. Also, what we are doing in the supply chain and what we are doing globally to grow the business in the long-term, so we are absolutely not saying that we are walking away from 3 to 4, 9 to 11. It’s obviously something that we’ll continue to evaluate but at this point in time, we really do feel good about where we are headed for the long-term. But most importantly, we’re focused on getting it fixed in the short-term. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kron of Goldman Sachs. 
Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions; first, just touching on the brand support, if I look at the SG&A line, I know it’s been like this for the last couple of quarters. That line as a percentage of sales has come down. I know you’ve commented in the past it’s more on the G&A side of everything and not so much the selling side.  As we get into the next couple of quarters and we start seeing some of these I think productivity, like the global supply chain and other things, start to flow through and we continue to see a mix of some of these selling and marketing expenses perhaps moving more towards the net sales line, should we continue to expect that line to come down or are we going to see a step up across the board, at which case this line could start to creep up as a percentage of revenues? 
Dave West: I think the component that you are seeing this year and this quarter particularly, as we’ve internally looked at our expectations for the year, we’ve adjusted our incentive compensation expenses accordingly. So that’s really what you are seeing in the SM&A line this quarter, which is driving it down on a rate basis, is really that reduction in incentive spending.  I would look at that as a one-time and clearly, if you looked at 2008 on a more normalized basis, we would expect to have incentive expenses back in, so that would be a driver of SM&A going up. Advertising spending is clearly going up. From a consumer promotion standpoint, we’ve moved some of our consumer promotion dollars up between trade promotion, up into trade promotion between gross and net. And one of the other things that you are going to see in the back-half of the year here is an increase in investment in selling headcount, which will increase the SM&A line as well. So I don’t think you’ll see continued SM&A reduction on a rate basis going forward. Actually, it will probably swing the other way a little bit. 
Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs: Okay and then just on the commodity costs, we’ve talked quite a bit about dairy here. Could you maybe comment on the hedging programs and how locked in you are on some of your other commodities, particularly cocoa? 
Dave West: I won’t go too much into specifics, obviously. We are starting to get visibility into 2008 across the entire basket. I don’t want to talk about any one in particular. The markets have been fairly volatile across the board and we are starting to lock in many of our 2008 positions but I think it’s just a little bit too early to make an overall comment. 
Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs: But as it relates to 2007, do you have that visibility on the other commodities? I know dairy is a more difficult one. 
Dave West: We have visibility into pretty much everything but dairy and we have, as I said, since May 10th probably a little bit more dairy exposure than we though and that’s reflected in the numbers you are getting today. We have our best estimate for dairy at the current time in our numbers for the full year. There is some volatility there but we’ve done our best thinking at this point. 
Steven Kron - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Pablo Zuanic of J.P. Morgan. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Good morning, everyone. I guess what I’m struggling with, on the one hand I’m hearing all the things that personally I was looking for -- a ramp up in innovation, 70% increase in retail coverage, more ad spend, more brand support, more consumer -- it’s where I wanted, I have to say I suppose a lot of investors, the people I talk to.  But I’m having problems believing it, to be honest. And I say that because clearly on the math, on my math, the guidance cut is more related to dairy, mix and volume than really to the brand, to increase your marketing.  At the same time, and related to this, my question is what you are telling us today in many ways is not very different than what you said back in December when you cut guidance. When you cut guidance in December, announced the cost restructuring program and the idea was that you were going to ramp up innovation and spend more on branding. Some of that was echoed again I believe in the first quarter conference call.  The bottom line question is what is different? Can I assume that there’s the philosophical change in the way you are thinking about innovation and brand support? Or is it just that what you tried to do back in December didn’t work? What’s different? 
Rick Lenny: Let me go back to some of the messages, Pablo, that we communicated at [Cagney] because that really ties together some of your questions. What’s changed since then when we outlined these plans? Not our spending. In fact, we’ve ramped up our spending since that time and we feel our spending is appropriately focused on the core brands and we are seeing those respond.  Again, that core brand focus, whether it be some of the news and the spending and the retail execution. I think the couple of outages that we’ve talked about and we’re addressing specifically -- one, we weren’t as well-prepared as we needed to be to participate broadly in the explosive growth in premium and that’s one that we’re taking a lot of steps and the appropriate steps so that we can leverage scale or build scale in that very attractive segment.  And refreshment has gotten worse than we had expected -- more competition and therefore we had a slower ACD build on some of our new items, but we are focused on that in the back-half. I think the other aspect that has really impacted our business, and we are going to work through that and that’s a tough one for everybody. We’re going to work through and that’s the drag that we’ve experienced, from shorter life cycles of previously introduced new items and also the impact of limited editions in the year-ago period.  All that means is the things that we had done before were very successful. They had a shorter lifecycle. So we are very much committed to the strategic direction. The fact that it’s taking longer than we would have anticipated for it to be successful does not necessarily mean that it’s not the right approach. What it means is it’s taking us longer.  Having said that, we’ve identified those areas that we have had some missteps and we are aggressively addressing those. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: That’s helpful and just a follow-up; when I think of creating new brands or platforms, and I thought it was interesting the distinction that you made within Take 5, just another chocolate and Cacao Reserve being a whole new platform or Dark being a whole new platform.  I have to say that when I think of Cacao Reserve, I really thought it was a great brand. I loved the single boxes that you put out. I think that the Hershey name was so small that people were really thinking Cacao Reserve. But most people that I talked to anecdotally never heard of the product and that’s probably because they don’t read [inaudible] and the [inaudible].  I just find that when I look at [inaudible], they are launching five whole new brands; Mars, they launched Dove, a huge new brand that’s done very well. It reflects Hershey’s lack of willingness to spend big on new brands and still relying on Reese’s and your core brands. Can you comment on that? I think just the fact that you are doing this deal with Starbucks -- I mean, why not just put more money behind Cacao Reserve, which I think is a great product. It’s just not everyone reads those two magazines. 
Rick Lenny: Well, a couple of things. Let’s take the first part. With Cacao Reserve, I think we might have initially thought of it as a more narrow target than we should have, which is why the recent advertising and consumer support and the FSIs are more broader, or more broad-based, so your point is well-taken on that one.  Think of a very large segment where there would be only one segment within that or only one benefit or usage occasion. That’s not the way a $2.5 billion segment is going to evolve, which is Premium and Dark chocolate. Therefore, Cacao Reserve gives us the mass premium approach where the Hershey’s users will trade up to that.  Starbucks gives us a higher-end, superior chocolate experience for consumers who truly appreciate and enjoy the Starbucks experience and that will also provide strong anchors for us to bring them to a dedicated merchandising unit at retail our other items, such as Scharffen Berger and perhaps Dagoba’s. So if we’re going to participate broadly in a $2.5 billion segment, we can’t do it with one item or one line. Cacao Reserve’s a very good entry point but that’s one aspect of it.  Your comments about the core brands, when you have some brands such as we do -- Reese’s, Hershey’s and Kisses -- and they have high response functions and are very profitable and are great merchandising vehicles for the trade and really do well in seasons, which accounts for a large portion of annual sales, it would be foolish for us not to support those as aggressively as we can. And then the strength of those core brands are going to enable us to have the innovation which brings news and excitement, albeit relatively inexpensively to consumers and customers, which is why you’ll see more things like Reese’s Whips but you’ll see them across the other core brands as well. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Thank you, and just one last one on the Hershey’s Trust, if I may. You’re a board member. Obviously you can’t comment a lot on the trust but the share buy-backs to some extent were driven by the trust divestitures for the last two or three years to a good extent, if I’m not wrong. Maybe they are reaching thresholds that they don’t feel comfortable selling more or they just probably don’t want to sell at these levels. Maybe that’s the reason why there is not a lot of share buy-backs planned in the future.  But more important than that, the dual class share structure limits your ability to do deals, limits ability for a merger or a share swap. How can we think about the trust in the future? Can the trust think of letting Hershey evolve to a single class share structure? Do they view themselves beyond the 51% control? What comments or any color if at all can you give us around that? 
Rick Lenny: The first part, over the past years, the trust has not driven the share buy-back strategy. That’s a Hershey board capital structure decision. Last year, the trust did not participate. They did participate I think three years ago now in a buy-back but not last year.  The relationship with the trust has been ongoing and everybody understands that. They are very much supportive of the direction the company has taken and the investments, the necessary investments we are making to build our brands, both organically and do the things through a global expansion.  I’d rather leave it at that and certainly not talk about any speculation, if I might. 
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. 
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I can withdraw my question, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no further questions. Gentlemen, are there any closing remarks? 
Mark Pogharian: Hearing no more questions, we’ll conclude today’s session. [Monica], Brian Clemens and myself will now be available to answer any additional questions you may have. As a reminder, our 2007 third quarter sales and earnings release and conference call is scheduled for October the 18th. We’ll release earnings at 7:00 a.m. that day and our conference call is set for 8:30. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.
