===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2025 Arch Capital Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in yesterday's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, Investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the 2024 fiscal year. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliations to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website at www.archgroup.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Nicolas Papadopoulo and Mr. François Morin. Sir, you may begin.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Good morning and welcome to Arch's first quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report solid results for the quarter with $587 million of after-tax operating income, $1.54 in operating earnings per share an annualized operating return on equity of 11.5%. These results were achieved despite $547 million of catastrophe losses affecting our Property and Casualty segment primarily from the California wildfire. The P&C market has become increasingly competitive. However, we remain optimistic about our prospects as we continue to achieve broadly attractive rates across the sectors where we compete. At Arch, we believe that prioritizing expected profitability of our market share by allocating capital to lines of business with attractive risk-adjusted returns gives us the best opportunity to outperform for the cycle. This is what we mean by cycle management and we stand by the historical results of this approach. While the market may be more competitive ample growth opportunities remain. This is true despite emerging macroeconomic concerns, including the potential impact of tariffs that increased uncertainty for many of our insured across the globe and raised inflationary risks for some of our businesses. During times such as these, risk selection is critical as a growing number of our previously attractive accounts no longer meet our return criteria. We believe the acumen of our underwriting teams, breadth of our platform, investment in data and analytics and depth of our financial resources have Arch well positioned to navigate the P&C cycle. Now we'll turn to our segments, starting with Reinsurance. Reinsurance results were solid despite substantial catastrophe losses in the quarter and 91.8 combined ratio, inclusive of 18 points of catastrophe losses demonstrates the strong underlying profitability of our diversified reinsurance portfolio. Growth in net premium written in the quarter was modest due to an increased level of competition more risk retention by ceding companies and reducing our participation for treaties where margin no longer meet are hurdles. In the first quarter, the reinsurance group deployed additional capacity into property catastrophe lines where opportunities remain attractive, particularly in loss-impacted accounts. Specialty premium rising declined primarily due to non-renewing a large structure transaction. Weaker margin in cyber and part of our international treaty business also led to reduced premium linings. Treaty casualty lines experienced growth in the quarter as Arch recapitalized on a handful of select opportunities. We are hopeful these lines will continue to achieve rate and the treaty casualty market terms and conditions will continue to improve. As we look towards major renewals, particularly wind coverage in Florida and the Gulf, we expect additional demand from existing and new clients. On the supply side, it is worth noting that for many reinsurers and ALS funds, this zone represents peak exposure. As a result, significant additional capacity may be harder to come by -- even if the market is more competitive on the margin. Moving to our insurance segment, where the California wildfires led to a small underwriting loss for the quarter due in part to commercial risk from the recently acquired middle market commercial and entertainment businesses. The additional premium generated from those businesses contributed to the insurance group, $1.9 billion of net premium return in the quarter, a 25% increase from the first quarter of 2024. The integration of the middle market business is progressing well and we remain excited about the increased capabilities this team brings to the Arch Insurance platform. As we've said before, there isn't one underwriting cycle but many. In today's market, it's possible to deliver double-digit growth in some lines, while experiencing similar declines in others. In the first quarter, we generated meaningful growth in casualty led sectors, including construction, national account and international casualty. At the same time, we experienced premium reduction in other lines of business due to rate decreases and our desire to maintain margin in lines such as E&S property and professional lines, including cyber. We have seen competition increasing in the London market specialty lines which has made profitable growth difficult. Looking ahead, we expect continued growth in casualty lines as well as the U.S. middle market where opportunities remain for both rate and premium growth. We are well positioned across the insurance group because of our market-leading capabilities and relevance with distribution partners that gives us first look at many opportunities. The Mortgage segment continued to provide a steady earnings stream contributing $252 million of underwriting income in the first quarter. Economic uncertainty, limited housing supply and high relative mortgage rates continue to create headwinds for new mortgage origination which resulted in modest new insurance returns in our U.S. and international Mortgage businesses. For U.S. MI, high mortgage interest rates and on price appreciation have kept persistency around 82% and insurance in force relatively stable. The delinquency rate of our in-force portfolio remains low ending the quarter below 2%. Our near-term outlook for the Mortgage industry is unlikely to change significantly. While recessionary trends resulting from tariffs and other economic policy could create headwinds, we still expect the Mortgage segment to continue generating attractive underwriting income given the high credit quality and embedded equity of our in-force portfolio. Turning to our Investment group, where invested assets increased by 4% from year-end to $43.1 billion, providing a large sustainable contributor to group earnings. Investment market volatility increased broadly leading us to reposition our portfolio to a more market-neutral position. To manage the cycle, it's important to understand that you cannot control the market but you can control how your underwriting teams respond to it. At Arch, we manage a different cycle across our many lines with the ability of our underwriters to access, analyze and ultimately select risk. Over time, our underwriting teams have built strong relationships with our distribution partners which gives us an access advantage as they look to place risk with fewer, more relevant carriers, including Arch. Risk analysis combines experience, expertise and deep analytical insight to understand and assess the underlying risk and match it with a technical price that reflects an adequate premium for that risk. Ultimately, risk selection is what separates the winners from the losers. If the return doesn't adequately account for the risk, you must be willing to let others take the business. The P&C market in transition is one where Arch can and has previously demonstrated its ability to find success. While premium growth may be more challenging than in recent years, plenty of profitable opportunities remain. For a company with a strong underwriting culture like Arch, this is a market where we can stand out and continue to maximize returns for our shareholders. François?
François Morin: Thank you, Nicolas and good morning to all. Last night, we reported our first quarter results with after-tax operating income of $1.54 per share resulting in an annualized operating return on average common equity of 11.5% and growth in book value per share of 3.8% for the quarter. At a high level, our three business segments delivered excellent underlying results with an overall ex-cat accident year combined ratio of 81%. And importantly, each of our segments showing an improvement for that metric over the same quarter 1 year ago. Our underwriting income included $167 million of favorable prior year development on a pre-tax basis in the quarter or 4 points on the overall combined ratio. We recognized favorable development across all three of our segments and in many of -- many of our lines of business but the effect was most notable in short tail lines in our Reinsurance segment and in Mortgage due to strong cure activity. The acquisition of the MidCorp and Entertainment Insurance Businesses continues to roll through our financial metrics within the Insurance segment. This quarter, the net premiums written coming from the acquired businesses was $373 million, contributing 24.2 points to the reported year-over-year premium growth for the segment and generally consistent with last quarter. Also, the inclusion of the acquired business in the segment's results lowered the current accident year ex-cat combined ratio by 1.1 points. This can be further broken down to include the current quarter acquisition expense ratio that was lowered by 0.9 points due to the write-off of deferred acquisition costs for the acquired business at closing under purchase GAAP. The other operating expense ratio that was lowered by 0.9 points and the accident year ex-cat loss ratio that ended up being 0.7 points higher, reflecting the underlying results of the acquired business. The quarter-over-quarter comparison of net premiums written for the reinsurance segment showing growth of 2.2% was also impacted by a few items. Of note, this quarter's net premiums written includes approximately $70 million of reinstatement premiums, mostly related to the California wildfires. Offsetting this benefit was the nonrenewal of large structured transactions in the specialty line of business which reduced our top line by $147 million in the quarter. There were also some timing differences in the recognition of certain treaty renewals which resulted in lower net premiums written in the quarter of approximately $103 million. Our mortgage segment delivered yet again another very strong quarter with underwriting income of $252 million. Even though the origination environment remains challenged, the underlying fundamentals of the business are excellent, as exhibited by most of our key metrics, including a very low delinquency rate for our U.S. MI business which currently stands at 1.96%. On the investment front, we earned a combined $431 million pre-tax from net investment income and income from funds accounting using the equity method or $1.13 per share pre-tax. The reduction in net investment income relative to last quarter is attributable to a few items, including the impact of paying a $1.9 billion special dividend in December the timing of incentive compensation expenses, slightly lower interest rates in the quarter and the repositioning of our portfolio to a lower risk posture in light of the current macroeconomic uncertainty. Income from operating affiliates was down this quarter, mostly due to a lower level of affiliate income at Somers Re in part as a result of California wildfires. Cash flow from operations remained strong it was approximately $1.5 billion for the quarter. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was an expense of 11.7% for the quarter and reflects a onetime discrete benefit of 4.6% related to differences in the expensing of noncash compensation. Also, it is worth mentioning that we started to amortize this quarter the deferred tax asset we established at the end of 2023 related to the introduction of the Bermuda corporate income tax. This benefit does not impact our operating or our net income effective tax rates in the period. But as we mentioned previously, will flow through our financials as a reduction to pay taxes. As of January 1, our peak zone natural cap probable maximum loss for a single event, 1 in 250-year return level on a net basis, increased slightly and now stands at 9% of tangible shareholders' equity. Our PML remains well below our internal limits. On the capital management front, we repurchased $196 million worth of our common shares in the first quarter and an additional $100 million in April demonstrating our ongoing disciplined approach to managing our capital to enhance shareholder returns. In closing, our balance sheet remains extremely strong with common shareholders' equity of $20.7 billion and a debt plus preferred to capital ratio remains low at 14.7%. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Mike Zaremski at BMO.
Michael Zaremski: Thanks for all the insightful market commentary. On the Reinsurance group deploying additional capacity into catastrophe lines, you said that loss impacted accounts remain particularly attractive -- should we be -- I guess, we'll think through kind of the -- how to change our loss ratio a bit, if you kind of feel like you're going to continue leaning in. Any kind of updates to your cat load guide, I believe it was 7 to 8 points when you updated us last, should we expect that number to move up a bit?
François Morin: I don't think so. I think the number should be relatively stable. I mean full year cat load. Obviously, there's seasonality to it. As we look at market conditions, we certainly have thought that after the California wildfires, there might be a little bit of a I think a more -- some stabilization in that market which we think will happen, although as we touch on, I think Florida is its own different market, right? So a little bit early for us to know exactly how Florida is kind of ultimately perform or what opportunities we're going to see there. But big picture, I think what we saw at the start of the year seems to be holding up pretty well.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: I agree. I think the Florida outlook, as we see it is -- for the reason I described in my comments is pretty flattish. So I think we like the business. I think the -- if our teams -- again, we don't know but if our teams find opportunities to grow and we expect more demand in the marketplace for several reasons. I think the FHCF is raising the retention by $1.5 billion. And I think the -- we're seeing more cedents wanted to increase their limits, things that they haven't been able to do in the last few years because of the lack of capacity. So we think an opportunity to potentially do more if the rates hold up.
Michael Zaremski: Got it. Okay. Switching gears to market competition outside of Reinsurance. I think the common theme has been in recent quarters that large account property is well priced and we're seeing some more meaningful downward pressure. You mentioned in your prepared remarks, the London specialty market as well. Maybe can you kind of unpack what you mean by the London specialty market and maybe kind of help frame which lines in particular are -- the clock isn't where you'd want to grow as much?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yes. I think in London, what's happening, I mean it's twofold. First, I think we've seen after years of good results, more appetite for people to expand in lines like terror, marine and energy. The typical species, the typical lines of business that are returned historically out of Lloyd's. And also, I think what we are seeing is London is kind of the excess and surplus market of the rest of the world. And so we're seeing as companies in their local market become more comfortable with their risk, their appetite expand. And so there is a little bit less business coming from Australia, from Asia, from jurisdiction that historically relies on Lloyd's as the appetite of their local companies get diminished. So that's what we're seeing. We're seeing the combination of the two -- I mean the tailwinds for us and a few other markets is that the market is consolidating around leaders. And I think we will lead in many of our lines of business. So it's difficult to predict. So it's come out but we feel positive about how we are positioned to continue to take advantage of the market there.
Operator: The next question comes from Cave Montazeri at Deutsche Bank.
Cave Montazeri: My first question is going to be on net premium growth in Reinsurance. I think it's pretty clear that the days of 30%-plus growth in NPW are behind us now as you become more selective. I'm assuming also 2.2% growth, that's probably a little bit too low to expect going forward. So can you maybe unpack some of the key drivers of the deceleration you saw in the quarter? Maybe give us a bit more details on the impact of the structured yields. Just to give us -- help us understand maybe where -- how we should think about that going forward in terms of premium growth in Reinsurance?
François Morin: Yes. I mean I touched on it in my comments, right? There's a couple of items. If you adjust for what we mentioned, again, we're not trying to do the [indiscernible] and adjust for everything. But if you adjust for those two things, you still get to a call it, like 6%, 7% growth rate which may be more consistent with what we see in the near future. But beyond that, I'd say there's really a separation like there's -- we had good growth in property other than property cat and property cap [ph] and in casualty where we saw some decreases on the specialty line beyond the structured and the timing of accruals on written premium. And there, I'd say it's a function of some of the lines or some of the smaller specialty lines that we participate in, where there's been more competition. And cyber is a prime example of that. It's a combination of rates coming down a little and also of some of our ceding companies retaining more of the risk. So that's how I'd say, like midterm, yes, you're right, the 30% growth is probably behind us but for the near term at least. But hopefully, these couple of things help you kind of reconcile a little bit like from the 2.2% to a -- what you may perceive to be a more kind of realistic expected growth in -- for the rest of the year.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yes. I think in the specialty book, you have a mix of lines of business. I mean it goes from credit to a cyber to agriculture and a few others. So our team are really scouting the world to find opportunities. We had a great opportunity in Brazil last year on the agriculture side. And this year, the cedent is winning more of the business. So, I think you have to be opportunistic in those lines of business to make money. So yes, if we have a big book, the ups and downs offset each other in the last few years it grew together because it was what the hard market does. I think we should be prepared to see more ups and down quarter-by-quarter going forward in that particular book. That's what we want them to do.
Cave Montazeri: My second question is on casualty. Last year, a big theme was just the strengthening in the casualty reserves at the industry level. We haven't seen much of that so far in 2025. I think some people are thinking maybe we might be past the point of maximum fear with regard to social inflation. Just wondering like what your thoughts are? Do you agree with that? What do you think we're just in the eye of the storm and there's more pain to come in the second half of 2025?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: My prediction is I don't know when the pain will come but he will come. There's more pain. That would be my -- how people manage the pain and I can't tell but -- we think the casualty social inflation story has not fully played out. I think that's our view. And we're still -- we were getting definitely rate above trend on our casualty line and where we feel comfortable with the exposure, the jurisdiction, the type of the terms and condition that we get, I think we're willing to lean in but I don't think we are still at the case where it's a market that you can take a share of it and guarantee that you're going to make an adequate return. So I think there's more to come. That would be our general underwriting view.
Operator: The next question comes from Elyse Greenspan at Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first one, I think, is a quick one. François, the 7% adjusted growth in Reinsurance that you were talking about, in the quarter. Is that excluding reinstatements and the structured deals? I just want to make sure I understand what you're backing out.
François Morin: No, I'm just putting back in the two items I mentioned. That's all. So the -- I'm not backing out the reinstatements, I'm just handing back the non-renewed deals and the timing of the accruals on some business.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Got it. And then my second question is on the commentary around the midyear. It sounds like you're expecting perhaps some opportunity on the demand side, what about pricing? I guess, are you guys expecting that price is probably down but that -- there could be some growth opportunities just with demand. Can you help me think through those two pieces?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: So clearly, it is the data point at 4/1 where single-digit down, most places, maybe a bit more than that in Japan due to, I think, one of the players buying less which the market's crumble around that. But I think the dynamic in Florida is, as I said in my remarks, is a little different because it's a big zone for both markets. And you -- the dynamic is people like the top players but they're not that many top players and people didn't like the bottom of the program. There's not as much -- and what we've seen in the past and we're seeing still today is bottom of the programs which have been impacted by the last year, the hurricane last year, Milton, we'd expect those probably to see some price increase and would that be compensated by price decrease at the top of the market at the top of the problem, I don't know. But I think -- that's why I think our view is, if things play out the way they should which they never do. We would expect something more flattish for Florida. And at that point, we feel that based on our positioning and we should be able at least to keep our share of the programs that are buying more and therefore, we may have opportunity to deploy more capital.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last one. In insurance, if I kind of ex out MidCorp, is that I think, around like a 56.7% underlying loss ratio that was slightly below the Q4. Is that about like run rate-ish, I guess, on core Arch, right? And then we think about bringing in MidCorp on top? Or anything else we need to think about just with pricing and loss trend and dynamics on the margin as we go through the year.
François Morin: Yes. Well, we -- I mean, call it for the legacy Arch book, I mean, it's -- at a high level, we'd say that our margins are holding up in terms of rate above trend kind of being kind of keeping us steady. The one thing, though, that you have to factor in somehow is the mix is changing, right? As we pivot a little bit more into casualty. You might see that underlying loss ratio go up a little bit as we see more competition on the property and we mentioned it like a lot of our growth was in the casualty led kind of lines of business or profit units for us. So that might be the only thing. But big picture, we still think the loss ratio that we're -- we had this quarter is seeing no reason why it can't hold up at that level.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Kligerman at TD Securities.
Andrew Kligerman: First question is around the reserving. It looked like you had some nice favorable developments, particularly in Reinsurance. But could you call out anything around commercial auto and other liability, net plus or minus in both Insurance and Reinsurance, how did that perform? And how do you feel about the reserving in those lines going forward?
François Morin: Great question. We -- our reserves are something we -- again, we mentioned before, we look at it every quarter. The actual versus expected that we monitor very carefully is looking good. But for us, it's a little bit early to call it victory. So we're monitoring everything, plus or minuses, yes, there's always going to be the finer -- if you slice that down to very fine levels. There are some pockets where we took a little bit of adverse which were offset by others where we had some good favorable coming through. But big picture, I'd say we're flattish. I mean everything on the casualty kind of long tail side auto and some of the more difficult lines, as you mentioned, umbrella, etcetera, where we're comfortable with what the reserve -- what the indications are.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. So that's good to hear. And then maybe shifting this is sort of a two-part question. Being clearly the acclaimed cycle manager that you are, could you share a little color on -- and maybe -- I know Nicolas, you mentioned many different cycles but maybe very broadly two cycles, casualty and property, maybe we'll even skip professional or you could throw that in, if you want. But how do you see those cycles playing out as we sit here today? How much longer will we see property pricing come down? How much longer can casualty pricing hold up? I know it's a really tough question but be really interested in your response on that. And then the second part is just -- what are you seeing with MGAs today? Are they still proliferating? Are they still very competitive? And I'll stop there. That was a lot of questions. Sorry for that.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: The two are [indiscernible]. I'll start on the property side and I'll start on the -- I mean on the Reinsurance side, I think my view is that the market is more disciplined. So I think we've seen rate decrease. But from a peak of the market, I think the markets remain attractive. We haven't seen any really actors behaving in a totally irrational way. The new guys are coming but they're small. And so, I think really -- we remain very optimistic about the property cat and the way the industry behaves in general on that aspect. If you move to the cat the property in general and especially the E&S property and the North American net properties. I think you have -- there, you have a tale of two markets. I think you have the middle market, more, I would say, admitted retail where the convective storm and some of the recent cat element, I would say, will include the wildfire to a certain extent, keep putting pressure on the companies and they have to keep on getting rates to be make sure that they cover the cat load which has gone up in the last few years. And then you have the more the E&S cat, coastal and maybe earthquake driven risk, where that's where the MGAs play a bigger role. So I think the market has responded to my surprise, very quickly giving up double-digit rate increases we went through in and everybody was surprised, big limit was really something that people didn't like and took a ton of losses. So I think the market became in 2023, much more disciplined and cut limits which really pushed when people -- when the capacity withdraw that's where you see rates going up. So we got a huge upswing, re-underwriting, terms and conditions. And I think 1 year, 1.5 years later, I think we've seen MGAs which their capacity has been curtailed coming back with much bigger limits. And if you think of a typical risk, it's a $200 million risk where you need it probably 20 markets or more to complete. And let's say, Arch was doing the first 10 or doing the 10x10 [ph], and then the MGA come in and they do 40. It creates a complete run for the heel in terms of -- if you -- as I say, as was 10x10 [ph] and then MGA come in capacity and then -- and now they ask $40 million. So what do we do? We run for the hit and we're trying to reposition $10 million elsewhere in the program and that creates the huge pressure on the rates that we've seen. And I think capacity of MGAs have gone up this year. So I think they play a big role in my view, in quickly, the market turned to be much more competitive. That's what I see.
Andrew Kligerman: And same thing on casualty?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: On casualty, there's less MGAs. I think on casualty, I think what you've seen is -- and to go back into property, I think when you see markets like us, increasing capacity, maybe we increased capacity from 10 to 15. We don't go from 10 to 40. I think -- so if you go on the casualty side of the house, now whether it's E&S or -- you've seen the same thing. You've seen response to typical losses is reduction of limit. You want prices to be applied to multiple risk of business to create the diversification and the lower number works better. So I think that's what we've seen and the reduction of the capacity and the usual limit from 50s to 25s and to 15s have created this opportunity, especially on the excess side for rates to go up. I think we haven't seen a ton of people. In fact, we're seeing people still reducing limits. So this tells me that the runway to a more competitive marketplace is going to be longer.
Operator: The next question comes from David Motemaden at Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Good morning. I had a question on the $147 million of structured deals that were non-renewed. Just so I'm thinking about it correctly. Were there any other chunkier quarters in 2024 that we should think about where like there were chunky structured deals that might not renew as we go through the rest of 2025?
François Morin: There's always some chunky books or deals that we write throughout the year. I mean, what we don't know is whether they'll reappear or we'll -- they may renew at the same thing at the same level, same kind of structure for another year. So hard to know what the impact may or may not be for the rest of the year. Again, we're just trying to give you a bit of additional information on how the premium is, why it's going up or down. Sometimes, it works in our favor in the sense that, yes, we write new deals that are significant and improve or increase the growth or the reported growth but -- in this case, it was different. So these are, I'd say, though, they're on the larger side. I mean it's unusual that we -- we don't have that many deals that are -- that have that much premium associated with them.
David Motemaden: And then on the insurance underlying loss ratio, I think last quarter, you spoke about it running at around the 58% level going forward. It obviously came in nicely below that this quarter. I'm wondering was there anything that drove that? It sounded like you split it out between the legacy Arch and MCE was there more improvement on the MCE side? Is that something we can expect to continue? So maybe some color around that would be helpful.
François Morin: Yes, hard to say. I think -- I'd say, the quarterly numbers matter but we don't overly put too much weight on them. I'd say we want to make sure we have a longer-term view of what underlying profitability of the book is. So I would not factor in or expect any significant movements up or down, let's say, from -- for either the MCE or the legacy business. And as you know, I mean, last year, we had the Baltimore Bridge which impacted the loss ratio upward. We didn't have that this quarter. So there's always going to be the random element of a couple of large clients here and there that may -- that have an impact ultimately on the quarterly loss ratio. So, big picture -- we call it a fairly stable environment. And we always expect a little bit of volatility from quarter-to-quarter depending on what happens.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Scott at Barclays.
Alex Scott: I thought I'd see if you could provide a little more commentary on what you're seeing in the property cat reinsurance market I guess, specifically, what's your view of the impact of ILS? Is the pricing pressure more at the top of the tower? Any commentary on sort of the way it's affecting these towers and where you play in them?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yes. So the -- what we've seen and what seems to continue to happen is what you described, more pressure at the top. We've seen the cat bond market being repriced to lower margin. So I think that put pressure also to the layer below the cat bond market and obviously, there hasn't been any losses on those layers where at the bottom of the program between the California wild fire, on the nationwide account and some of the storms that we've seen, we have a loss. So I think the more, I would say, the place where price decrease seems to be focusing is really at the top of the program. So I think we -- in Florida is going to be more complicated because I think, again, there's not that much supply in the marketplace. So I would expect it to maybe not be as strong as maybe in the Northeast region where you haven't had a loss in any of the top players or middle to top players for a long time and people see that. So, I think -- but yes, I think the -- what you described is we expect it to -- if something is going to happen, my view is that's what's going to happen. It's probably more pressure at the top of the program and maybe less moderate pressure on the bottom.
Alex Scott: Got it. That's helpful. Next one on capital management. I mean, you had very strong capitalization and growth slowing a little bit, just given the environment. How do you think about priorities there? And how quickly do I ramp up capital return if you don't get the opportunity to grow in the midyear.
François Morin: Yes. I mean it's something we look at constantly, it's part of the same framework. We've always had no question that if the growth moderates which is it's starting to and we still have solid earnings coming through. We'll probably be in a position where we accumulate a bit more excess capital and we'll probably be looking to return most of it back to our shareholders. So there could be some small M&A. There could be some other things that come our way. But at a high level, you could certainly -- I think it's reasonable for us to think that we'd be returning a significant amount of capital as we move forward. We had a special dividend late last year. We obviously like share buybacks a lot. And given the -- if the pricing and the metrics work for us, we're happy to do that.
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Carmichael at Autonomous Research.
Wes Carmichael: In Reinsurance, I think you mentioned a couple of times of primary companies retaining more risk. Just hoping you could provide a little more color on what you're seeing from primaries and maybe where that's most pronounced?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: I think it's most pronounced in the other property where we see it, some of the other line of business, like maybe energy and where results have been good, ceding commissions are good but companies feel more comfortable with their results. So that's a normal trend that you see as the -- as you go through the whole market and you go through the clock is that people tend to retain more of the risk. They bought the reinsurance because they either wanted the volatility and they were a portion of the business, they were unsure of the performance as they have re-underwritten their book it's not unusual for people to feel more comfortable. I know Arch insurance, that's what we do. And we are more comfortable with the risk. We definitely buy more insurance. So we move the reinsurance that we would buy to an excess of loss, where we retain more of the premium. So, I think we haven't seen a ton of quota share going through excessive loss but we've definitely seen companies as they feel more comfortable with the risk or feel better about their financial situation, retaining more of the risk. And certainly, on the structure, if you're related to the structure on the structure side, structured deals are usually capital relief deals. So I think those deals last as long as the company is -- needs the surplus relief. If you go in a situation where they don't need the surplus relief anymore, then the deal goes away. So...
Wes Carmichael: That's helpful. And I think in mortgage, prepared remarks touched on headwinds of origination. Can you maybe just talk about what behavior you're seeing in that business? And are you seeing any potential leading indicators of recessionary activity at this point?
François Morin: Too early. I mean, really too early. I mean we can speculate. We do the work. We certainly have a view that, yes, I mean, if recession, we have a severe recession and that impacts unemployment and home prices go down a little bit, that may have an impact on the performance of the book but we keep going back to the strong fundamentals, the high credit quality of the borrowers. Home prices are -- there's a lot of equity that's been built up by the homeowners in their home. So it's a vastly different situation than what we had back in 2008. So -- or not to say that we don't worry about it because we do but we're a lot more comfortable with our position. And for a stress scenario to generate or create significant hardship on Arch would take -- it would have to be very, very severe. So we're -- at this point, we're in a -- we think, in a very good place.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Shanker of Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: Good morning, everybody. Back in the fourth quarter, you paid a big special dividend, you bought back a little stock. You bought back more stock this quarter. I tend to find it difficult to parse paying special dividends and buy back stock at the same time, either the return on the stock is attractive or you need to give money back to shareholders promptly because it's not so attractive A couple of things there. One, can you talk about, little about your philosophy which is about 3-year ahead book value. But I've done a little bit of the math. And if the 3-year ahead book value rule of thumb applies, the market is very much underestimating your earnings power for the next couple of years. Can you talk about the philosophy of buybacks versus dividends and what that means for this year and what you think about the attractiveness of the stock at this point?
François Morin: Well, we like the stock. That's for sure. But I mean the biggest obstacle, Josh, is truly the level of -- the speed at which you can execute share buybacks. We have limits on daily trading volume, etcetera. So the main reason, if you put aside even if the price was right and you say, well, it's really attractive to buy at a certain level, the advantage of a dividend is you can execute a much bigger return of capital I mean instantly versus over a long period of time. So for us to buy back $1.9 billion of stock at the rate at which we can actually do it because of the restrictions we have would take a long time, at which point we'd accumulate more excess capital and you never catch up. So that is, I think, important to realize that there's only so much we can do with share buybacks. When you get into what's the 3-year payback, yes, 3 years is a good metric for us that we follow. Do we have a different view of what the book value might be out in 3 years out than you do, maybe and we take a hard look at what we know about our business but we're still within that roughly that 3-year payback period and we still think there's a lot of good runway for us to keep growing book value at a good clip for the next little while. So that gives us a lot of comfort that buying back stock at this price has been -- is a good way to return capital to shareholders.
Josh Shanker: If you started now, do you think you could execute $2 billion in buybacks before year-end and preclude the need for a special dividend?
François Morin: It would be hard. It would be hard. I mean there's ways you can kind of create some programs but we like to retain the flexibility, we like to have optionality, so locking yourselves in and that's true in everything we do. So to lock yourselves into making it public that we're buying back a certain amount at a certain price is something we try not to do. We like to be opportunistic and it's something that we -- again, it's constantly something we look at and try to optimize as best we can.
Josh Shanker: Well, thanks for being transparent about the behind the curtain, how the sauce is made..
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Anderson at Jefferies.
Andrew Andersen: Just on the income from operating affiliates, I think it was $17 million in the quarter. It was down a bit year-over-year. I think that Somers is in Coface. Can you maybe just talk about the moving pieces there and perhaps how you're thinking about full year?
François Morin: Yes. Coface has been very, very good. So it's been a great story for us. We're extremely happy with it. There could be some pressure with trade credit going forward but that's, again, something we're keeping an eye on. We don't have visibility or a ton of clarity on it. So really, the drop in operating -- income from operating affiliates was mostly -- almost exclusively due to the Somers and let's remember that Somers is effectively a side car to Arch Re. So you have wildfires this quarter, they impact us and they impacted Somers as well. There's a little bit of a kind of a one-off on the Bermuda tax that was reflected in the Somers financials Q1 of 2024 that maybe makes the drop more significant than you would think otherwise. But as you look for the run rate, I'd say this quarter is a bit lower than what we would normally think for the operating affiliates in general. And I think we're still looking -- when you think about our returns, we think plus or minus like where we're earning well into call it, 10% range on these investments, if not more and let's just say we have over $1 billion in assets there. So hopefully, you can do the math from there.
Andrew Andersen: That's helpful. And then just insurance expense ratio and there was improvement in OpEx but is full year '24 still a good way to think about the rest of the year for the OpEx? Or is there still some head count costs coming on?
François Morin: I mean, it's a good place. We are no question -- I mean as we think about our growth and how we need to manage our expense base, we are being very thoughtful and diligent about do we need to replace people that resign, do retirement, etcetera. So, we -- I think we're going to get some benefits from the MCE acquisition, like scale brings a little bit of a bit of leverage, a bit of kind of -- we can scale better. But no question that we're trying to hire still on the MCE side. We want to staff up with data scientists and we need a few more actuaries, etcetera. But big picture, I think we are watching our expenses and that's something that will be a focus as we move forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Meyer Shields at KBW.
Meyer Shields: I think I have the same question in two contexts. I think Nicolas started for comments talking about the preference of brokers to work with fewer bigger insurers. And I'm wondering if you could talk about the volume versus profitability implications of that to companies like Arch?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yes. So I don't think the two are necessarily linked. I think in my view, the best place to talk about this is probably the London market. In the London market, the brokers because the business come to London, the main three brokers control a lot of access to the business we write. So I think it's more of a supporting them where they need you to be supported and playing the role that you have to play where you can align with their own strategy. And I think if you think of the way they're organizing the market, having their own facilities, then they need leaders, without leaders, nothing works. Then they have some follow facilities and then ultimately, they have the open market that remains. I think you need to find a place, you can't service just one. I think if you service just one, you'd be -- so you have to be able to figure out your distribution strategy is a key component of our future success. That's what I'm saying. And I think we spent a ton of time thinking out how do we align better and where do we bring value to our distributors. And it varies for the bigger distributors it maybe one thing for a smaller distributor, mid-market distributor where they rely better on the expertise of art, it may be something different. So I think you have to really to be successful going forward, you really have to question the value you bring in the transaction. You can't just underwrite business. So the two components is that you have to do the underwriting cycle thoughtfully. And -- but you have also to figure out what your place in the food chain and what value you bring. So that's really the -- so we've done a lot of work and we're still thinking of this in a way that's less -- it's less about us but it's about ultimately the customers. Without customers, we don't exist. So we need to provide value to the ultimate customers. That's our -- and that dynamic is -- maybe is playing out in London, it's playing out in North America. You can't just be sitting at your box in Lloyds and waiting for the business to come to you and underwrite, because you're not even sure that the business you're going to see is the one you want to write. That's the issue. I think if there is five people in front of you that are picking up the good business, now you're picking up from a part that by definition, is not so good. So I think you have to work hard and size matters and relationship matters and being able you can see the business you're really targeting. And that's where distribution strategy matter.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. That's very helpful. Second, on reinsurance, when you have cedents retaining more business, how do you deal with the risk of adverse selection when the cedent kind of decide -- a more educated cedent because of the experience decides what they're going to keep and what they're going to reinsure?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: So a lot of the business is about adverse selection. The question is I have insight into the business to understand why people are buying and does it make sense? And do you -- can you -- they have a need you have to -- we spend a lot of time and creating insight to figure out their needs that we are willing to insure or reinsure and there are things that we are unwilling to do because it's this -- I said before, I think we're looking for risk where we have upside that outweigh the downside. So that's the one way to look at it. When you have only downside usually don't want to do those risks. And so I think that there is always that risk. On the selection, it's a very dynamic market. And anti-selection is everywhere. So I think you have to factor that in, into your risk selection in my view. So I think it's -- yes, you can't -- if you're on the right risk, A lot of what we -- you get told as an underwriter is more like a fairytale used. So if you like to fairytale, you're not going to end up in a very successful underwriting shop. So I think you have to, that's part of the job. The job is to have the insight to be able to ask the right questions and get to the answer and build a relationship with the clients where they come to you to for legitimate concern that they have and where you can really provide value by either insuring or reinsuring them -- but you can't -- we have both sides of the house. I mean on the insurance side, those people that we try to tell our guys to do the right thing. If the risk is good, try to retain it to have conviction about -- so if you for a while, you're not sure, so you buy reinsurance on a quota share basis. And ultimately, you -- over time, you build conviction that your underwriting guidelines work, your pricing is okay. At that point, you don't need the insurance. So you retain it net. And that -- there's nothing wrong about that. My view is that we should -- that's a role the reinsurance play.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. Would you like to proceed with any further remarks?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: No. I think -- thank you. And I think another I think good quarter for us in a little more difficult or more competitive market but I think we remain bullish about I just said in my remarks to stand out. So I think we'll see you guys in next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2024 Arch Capital Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the 2023 fiscal year. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make a reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliations to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website at www.archgroup.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. And now I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Nicolas Papadopoulo and Mr. Francois Morin. Please go ahead.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. I'll begin by offering our thoughts and sympathies to all of those affected by the California wildfires. This is a terrible event that will require the effort of many, including insurance companies, to help the affected communities recover and rebuild. At last, we will, of course, fulfill our role in these efforts. As noted in yesterday's press release, we expect the wildfires to result in a net loss between $450 million and $550 million based on an industry loss estimate of $35 billion to $45 billion. Turning now to our results, Arch had a solid top quarter writing $3.8 billion of net premium, which is a 17% increase over the same quarter last year. The $625 million of underwriting income in the quarter is down 13% from last year, primarily due to losses related to cat activities in the second half of 2024. Our full-year results were excellent, with $3.5 billion of after-tax operating income and an operating return on average common equity of 18.9%. Despite an increased level of natural catastrophes, book value per share, a preferred measure of value creation, ended 2024 at $53.11, representing a 13% increase for the year and nearly 24% increase after adjusting for the impact of the $5 per share special dividend we paid in December. The decision to pay a special dividend was the result of Arch's strong financial performance and excellent capital position and represented an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders. We also repurchased shares worth $24 million in the fourth quarter. Both the dividend and the share repurchase reflect our ongoing commitment to effective and active capital management. Market conditions within our segments remain favorable with a number of select growth opportunities ahead of us. As you may have heard from our peers this quarter, rate and loss trends vary by line of business. Broadly offset each other. All hands do not point to the same underwriting clock. For example, we are selectively deploying capital to the areas producing attractive risk-adjusted returns such as insurance and reinsurance liability lines, specialty business at Lloyds, and property charter insurance. Alternatively, lines of business where competitive pressures have eroded margins to levels below adequate, our underwriting teams are focused on improving our business mix within each of those lines to ensure our minimum profitability targets are met. Effective cycle management, the key to our strategy, requires empowering underwriters to execute on both sourcing and retaining attractive business without the constraint of production targets. In classes and subclasses where returns do not meet our minimum threshold, we have the agility and the incentives to reallocate capital to more profitable opportunities across our diversified portfolio. And as we have demonstrated throughout our history, we will not hesitate to return excess capital to our shareholders when appropriate. Now I will offer a few highlights about the performance of our underwriting segments starting with reinsurance, which finished the year with a strong fourth quarter delivering $328 million of underwriting income. The full-year results for the reinsurance group were excellent. The segment delivered a record $1.2 billion of underwriting income while writing over $7.7 billion of net premium. At the January first renewal, we grew the reinsurance business by selectively increasing our writings in property liability and specialty lines. Arch's status as a leading global reinsurer is a result of its focus on addressing broker and clients' needs, combined with its underwriting vigilance and high degree of scrutiny on the performance of its business. Throughout the whole market, Arch has had the conviction to increase its support and relevance with brokers and clients, making Arch a more valuable collaborative partner when other reinsurers wavered and in some cases, even withdrew capacity. Now moving to insurance, which also sees some strong growth opportunities in 2024. Overall, Arch and Helene and Milton limited fourth quarter underwriting income to $30 million. For the full year, the insurance group wrote $6.9 billion of net premium, a 17% increase from 2023, and delivered $345 million of underwriting income. Growth was enhanced by the acquisition of the US Midcorp and Entertainment business. Although it's still early, the performance and integration of the Midcorp and Entertainment business are consistent with our expectations and objectives. Organic growth in North America came from our casualty business unit, which more than offset premium decreases in professional lines. International insurance remained a bright spot, writing over $2 billion of net premium in 2024, primarily in specialty lines out of our large platform. Overall, rate increases remained slightly above loss trends, keeping return margins relatively flat in the fourth quarter. The outlook for both North America and international insurance growth is favorable for 2025. Looking ahead, we expect primary market conditions to remain competitive given the attractive underlying margins. However, we have experienced a slowdown in new business volumes as competition for premium volumes has increased. The mortgage segment contributed $267 million of underwriting income in the fourth quarter, resulting in the first consecutive years of delivering over $1 billion in underwriting income. Fundamentals remained positive, including strong persistency of our $500 billion-plus insurance in force portfolio, while the overall credit quality of the book remains excellent. The delinquency rate in our US MI business increased modestly to just over 2% at the end of December but remained near historic lows. Increased delinquency can be attributed to expected defaults in areas hit by natural catastrophes and the seasoning of the insurance in force. Overall, the US mortgage insurance industry remained disciplined despite suppressed mortgage origination due to low housing supply and high mortgage rates. Finally, to the investment group, which delivered nearly $1.5 billion of annual net investment income from an asset base that increased to over $40 billion after accounting for the special dividend. Rising investment yields and the growth of our investable assets from strong operating cash flows provide additional tailwinds for our earnings and book value growth. Overall, 2024 was another excellent year for Arch. Looking ahead, our primary goal is to maintain attractive margins despite expected heightened competition. Our strong underwriting culture, proven track record of cycle management, dynamic capital management capabilities, and progress to date in becoming a data-driven enterprise give me confidence in our ability to navigate ever-changing market dynamics with a clear objective of maximizing shareholder return over the long term. As we officially turn the page to 2025, I want to recognize the hard work and dedication of Arch's nearly 7,000 employees who share in our entrepreneurial culture that demands and rewards excellence to the benefit of our clients and stakeholders. Now I will turn it to Francois to provide more detail on the financials before returning to answer your questions. Francois?
Francois Morin: Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning to all. As you know by now, we closed 2024 with fourth-quarter after-tax operating income of $2.26 per share, for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 16.4%. For the year, our net income return on average common equity was an excellent 22.8%. Once again, our three business segments delivered a combined ratio of 78.6% for the year. Current accident year catastrophe losses were $393 million for the group in the quarter, split roughly 60% and 40% between the reinsurance and insurance segments respectively. Most of our catastrophe losses this quarter are due to Hurricane Milton, a fourth-quarter event, with an additional contribution from Hurricane Helene, where we saw some delayed emergence of claims given the late occurrence date in the third quarter. As of January 1, our peak zone natural catastrophe probable maximum loss for a single event at a one-in-250-year return level on a net basis increased slightly and now stands at 9.2% of tangible shareholders' equity. Our PML remains well below our internal limits. As we look forward to 2025, with the recent addition of the Midcorp and Entertainment business, and current market conditions in property, we expect our cat load to represent approximately 7% to 8% of our full-year group-wide net earned premium. Our underwriting income in the quarter included $146 million of favorable prior development on a pre-tax basis, or 3.5 points on the combined ratio across our three segments. We recognized favorable development across many lines of business but primarily in short-tail lines in our reinsurance segment, and in mortgage due to strong cure activity. As we discussed last quarter, the acquisition of the mid-corporate entertainment insurance businesses has impacted some key performance metrics for our insurance segment. First, the net written premium coming from the acquired businesses was $393 million for the quarter, contributing 27.1 points to the reported quarter-over-quarter premium growth for our insurance segment. Second, the acquired business lowered the insurance segment's accident year ex-cat combined ratio by 1.6 points this quarter. This result was due to the current quarter's acquisition expense ratio that was lowered by 2.1 points due to the write-off of deferred acquisition costs for the acquired business at closing under purchase GAAP, and an operating expense ratio that was lowered by 0.8 points as our Midcorp operations aren't fully ramped up yet. Partially offsetting these benefits was an increase in the accident year cat loss ratio of 1.2 points, reflecting the underlying results of the acquired business. On a related note, we expensed $99 million this quarter through intangible amortization, more than 75% of which was for the mid-corporate entertainment acquisition. This expense was in line with our expectations as we communicated last quarter. On the investment front, we earned a combined $548 million pre-tax from net investment income and income from funds accounted for using the equity method, or $1.43 per share. Our net investment income this quarter was partially impacted by a $1.9 billion dividend paid in December, which entailed that we liquidate a portion of our investment portfolio. Cash flow from operations remained strong. It was approximately $6.7 billion for the full year, up 16% from 2023. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was an expense of 6.7% for the quarter and 8.2% for the full year. As we look ahead, we would expect our annualized effective tax rate to be in the 16% to 18% range for the full year 2025, reflecting the introduction of a 15% corporate income tax in Bermuda. On a cash basis, we will start recognizing this with the establishment of the $1.2 billion deferred tax asset at the end of 2023. As you may have heard on other calls, the recent OECD guidance may partially impact the realizable value of the DTA. We will keep you apprised as additional information becomes available. In closing, our balance sheet remains extremely strong with common shareholders' equity of $20 billion after recognition of the $1.9 billion common dividend that was paid in December. Our debt plus preferred to capital ratio remains low at 15.1%. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. Sylvie?
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Morin. If you would like to ask a question, please press *1 on your telephone keypad. If you are using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. And your first question will be from Elyse Greenspan at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the insurance underlying loss ratio. I mean, I recognize, right, Francois, you highlighted, you know, some of the impact right, from the Allianz deal coming in right a little bit over one point calculated kind of Arch standalone, running at just under fifty seven, which is close to the Q3. Is it right way to think about it that that's about where Arch is and then kind of blend in, write this a little bit over one point from Midcorp so that insurance underlying is somewhere in the range of fifty eight on an ongoing basis, something like that.
Francois Morin: Yeah. That's about right. I think the yeah, the the impact of MC is, call it, know, on the loss ratio, about one point. So whatever the assumption you have around the, you know, pre-MC kinda run rate loss ratio, which is pretty stable has been pretty stable. There's some movements up and down from quarter to quarter, but generally speaking, it's been it's been stable. And introducing the MC maybe adds about a one one point to to that.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question is on reinsurance. Right? You guys you know, pulled back a little bit at midyear twenty four. Now the PML went back up, right, but it's flat. You know, one one twenty five with one one twenty four. Did you see conditions get incrementally better at January one. I'm just trying to understand the thought process around, you know, bringing the PMLs back up a little bit.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: No. I think I think what's happening is that we we like the business. So I think, you know, absent the the competitive nature and other people liking the business too, I think we we're looking to write more of this business. We think the the the returns are quite attractive. And I think at one one, we we had we had some opportunity to do so based on our positioning. So I think we we were pleased by that, I think.
Elyse Greenspan: And then I guess the the follow-up to that is, right, the California fire is pretty big loss. Do you see that know, being able to impact other cat renewal seasons in twenty five. Some of it, I guess, might bleed one one twenty six. How do you see the market impact from the California fires? And is this something, you know, where you guys would expect your PML and and cat ridings to go up during the year?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: So I think, you know, the as I mentioned in my remarks, I mean, this is a significant loss for the market. I mean, we pitch it between thirty thirty five and and forty five billion. We believe that a significant part of that losses will go to the reinsurance market. I think it will I think most reinsurer, including ourselves, we we start the year with a loss ratio. You know, in the twenties or the thirties or depending of your luck, maybe higher than that. So I think it would it should, you know, dump all the enthusiasm of you know, many market trying to be heroes and and and and and writing the business. So I would I would think that it it will have a an effect on on on on on the rates at at you know, for the rest of the year. So Thank you. And that's Thank you.
Operator: Next question will be from Michael Zaremski at BMO. Please go ahead.
Michael Zaremski: Hey. Thanks. I guess, first question, I'll just go back to the the catastrophe load guidance. Seven to eight it Probably just obvious, but that so that includes right. It's higher than the historical six day mostly because of the the one q California losses is that correct?
Francois Morin: A little bit, but also the MCU acquisition adds, you know, on a relative basis, kind of adds a little bit of you know, of load to, you know, to the, you know, to to increase the cat load. Because it's it's it's a heavier property book than people in this know, realize it. It didn't really Impact or PMLs because it's in different zones, it's more distributed. But when we think about you know, the contribution to the to the cat load throughout the year. It it has a meaningful impact.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. I would have actually plugging in the Cali losses. I actually would have thought to lower would have been a little bit higher, but but okay. Good good color. Switching gears just to the I guess one of the elephants in the rooms for for lots of insurers is going back to the kind of the casualty GL umbrella environment. In some of the prepared remarks, was, you know, said that overall rate increases remain slightly above loss trend. I think that was the primary insurance marketplace. Any comments on whether you know, what you're seeing And you're GL book. I know that, you know, you guys are one of the more honest ones. In my humble opinion. And at the investor day, you know, you said you'd probably be adding small amounts to your your GL reserves, but, you know, nothing that that's really too out of out of trend line with what you've you've been doing for a while now and better than the industry. But any updated commentary on what you're seeing there?
Francois Morin: Yeah. And so I think I'll answer in two parts. One on the position, we didn't add to our reserves. We're very comfortable with the reserve position both both in insurance and reinsurance. You know, our actual versus expected analysis or year end analysis all are supporting that that view that our reserves for prior accident years are are very adequate. So no no concern there. But as we look at, you know, second half of twenty four and into twenty five, you know, yes, we are seeing rate changes keeping up with loss trends, so we're not and even exceeding in some places. So we're comfortable with the the environment there. But we also recognize that there's a lot of uncertainty there. So we are being cautious, prudent. We are in some specific very targeted areas increased our initial loss picks. But it's not I think I wanna make it clear here. It's not as a reflect it's not a reflection of adverse development or, you know, signals or data telling us that we missed a mark on the old years, It's very much a function of the current rate environment and how we perceive the risk around our initial loss picks. And for that reason, we're choosing to be a bit more prudent.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And just lastly, real quick. Thanks for the tax rate guidance. Is the DTA that was established is I think some of some peers have said that they're could be tweaks to to the DTA due to guidance from from Bermuda. Is that something that's influx or any way you could kind of a a handicap whether, you know, if it if a DTA was influx, would it change materially or just a little bit?
Francois Morin: Yeah. I mean, the guidance right now and that's an important thing, it's it's guidance that's not the law, which you know, we do follow, obviously, Bermuda law, which allows us or instruct us really to carry the DTA. The recent guidance from the OECD suggests that you know, we may only be able to realize up to twenty percent of that amount. That is still again, that that's the light of guidance. I mean, things change pretty quick in this when we start talking about taxes, but if know, I I'd say you know, from your perspective, maybe worst case, that's kinda what may happen is that we end up only realizing twenty percent of this amount and the rest we might have to write off at some point you know, in twenty six or late twenty six or twenty seven, But for the time being, Bermuda law has not changed, and that, you know, that's what we're following.
Michael Zaremski: Appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from Jimmy Bhullar at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey. Good morning. So just had a question. A different topic. On MI reserve releases, can you go through the details on what's driving those and how much of that is from the last one to two years versus maybe a few years back? And just your overall expectations for margins in that business?
Francois Morin: Yeah. I mean, the reserve release has come, you know, from both I mean, from all three of our segments. Right? There there's a meaning again, that's a little bit of of the same story that we've we've been talking about the last few quarters where you know, we based on conditions at the time, I wanna say twenty two and twenty three, we had set up initial reserves on the delinquencies that were reported at the time and turns out that people have been curing and and severity has not been to the level that we thought. So that's just a normal, I'd say, kinda You know, process that the reserving, you know, we go through with our reserves at USMI at say for the other pieces, a little bit of the same, I say, in the CRT business where you know, it's a slightly different methodology, but we have initial loss picks on that business and that has proven out to be a little bit kinda in excess of what we need today. So there's been some releases there, and finally, the international book, a little bit of the same too where you know, there there's different methodologies in place, but the the the long story or the, you know, the short of it maybe is that you know, all three books or all three pieces of our mortgage segments are performing really, really well. So we like the margins. We think the margins are are healthy. We don't see any deterioration in how we think about, you know, the business and the returns we're writing today. So if we're very very excited about it.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on share buybacks, I'm assuming part of the reason you did a little bit of buybacks this quarter versus none before was just the decline in the stock price. So assuming the stock's stays around here, Reasonable to assume that you'd be active throughout twenty five as well?
Francois Morin: For sure. I mean, it's something we look at, you know, regularly. I mean, every time all the time. No. I mean, in this particular situation, yes, there's old kinda, you know, opportunity in late in the fourth quarter. But, you know, our capital position remains strong even with, you know, the California California wildfires. I mean, that's part of the volatility we may see from time to time, but, you know, whether again, we we will not sit on a level of excess capital that we don't think we can deploy in the business. So if the if we don't you know, we stink we still think we can grow. We we are bullish about twenty twenty five. The market conditions are still really good.
Jimmy Bhullar: But
Francois Morin: You know, can we deploy all the capital we have or that we generate, maybe not? And at that point, we'll return it then if the price is right, we think share buybacks are a great way to do that.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yeah. I think the the order of play is that we want to look at where we can deploy capital attractively in the business. I think that we do that all the time, I think. And, yeah, after a while, when, you know, periodically, when we assess our capital position. And if we see that know, the opportunities may not be there to deploy all the excess capital. That's when we consider the the most effective way, I would say, at the time to to return capital to our shareholders. So
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Thank you.
Operator: Next question will be from Wes Carmichael at Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey. Good morning. Thank you. A question on favorable development quarter, particularly in reinsurance. Can you just give us a little bit of color on what drove most of that release and maybe if you had any strengthening. I think you mentioned short tail lines in prepared remarks, but any more color will Okay.
Francois Morin: Yeah. The vast, vast majority is on property cat and property other than cat. So that's what we consider to be short line a short tail. We were flat on casualty. So across the reinsurance segment, so no no development on casualty and, you know, a couple of moves up and down marine, other small lines, other small items, but that's the that's the bulk of it. It's really property. Some is, you know, I'd say prior caps, meaning kinda large events that we had reserved for that are developing a bit favorably. Some of it is just you know, the IBNR we hold for, you know, miscellaneous kinda traditional losses that has proven out to be in excess of what we needed. So that's kinda how we we recognize it this quarter through through those lines of business.
Wes Carmichael: Got it. Thanks. In in prepared remarks, I think maybe a broader comment, but you mentioned some competitive pressure where that's eroded margins in certain lines of business. Can you just talk a little bit about where that might be more pronounced?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yeah. So I think was thinking this question was gonna come up. So so I think, you know, it's it's mainly in in two areas. I would say the most feasible one is you know, I would say public public DNO where, you know, I think we we've seen significant decrease in the last in the last two years. In double digits. That seems to be tempering, but the the you know, it's richer level that you you really have to ask yourself you know, account by account. You know? Is is the overall line, you know, still profitable? And second area that we we are watching is in the is the cyber area where, you know, also on the excess side, we've seen, you know, double digit rate decreases and and and the supply of capacity in both know, public DNO and cyber that that don't seem to be wanting to to to to reduce. I think
Operator: Did you have any further questions, Mr. McCarmichael?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yeah. I guess, I'll I'll follow-up with one more. But just on on MI and the delinquency pickup, I I think you mentioned that can be impacted by cat exposed areas and you obviously had a couple sizable storms last year, but just hoping you could unpack a little bit with what you saw in the tick up there.
Francois Morin: Yeah. I mean, it's very much part of the natural process. As you'd expect, some people were affected by these events. And, you know, once they, you know, missed two consecutive mortgage payments, they they turned delinquent and, you know, that's what we fully expected would happen in the fourth quarter. About half of the increase in the delinquency rate is is directly attributable to these cap affected areas. I mean, it's it's, you know, that that's our best estimate at this point. The historical cure rate on these types of delinquencies driven by natural events is extremely high. So that's why we think the the financial impact ultimately will be minimal but currently that's, you know, that's how the the process works. They show up in the delinquency rate, and we reserve for those. But Typically, those to get resolved or cured at a high level. Over time.
Wes Carmichael: Thank you.
Francois Morin: And and just quickly, I'll add I mean, just I'll add quickly on the California wildfires, slightly different different type of exposures we expect minimal again, very early, too early to know, but get given the the the types of mortgages that exist in these areas, we would not expect to be impacted at all or very mean, certainly not significantly at all in In the due to the California wildfires.
Wes Carmichael: Understood. Thank you. Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from David Motemaden at Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I had a question, and I saw the solid casualty reinsurance growth in the fourth quarter as well as twenty twenty four, and it sounded like that continued at one one twenty five. Yeah. I guess I'm wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the rate adequacy specifically within the casualty reinsurance line. I know it it's a it's a broad line, Right. Little surprising to see you guys lean in there. It sounds like others have been more critical on just the rate adequacy there. So I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on that.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yes. I I think, you know, the we started from a position that we were really, I think, underweight on the on the casualty treaty or insurance. And I think our view and it's true, by the way, on the insurance side is that we You know, we we've tried over the years to You know, to to get to get into program that are more, I would say, specialty, casualty. If you think of it as more with an ENS flavor. So Similar to what we would be riding, you know, growing on the on the insurance side, I think it's it's been it's been a while, but I think based on the you know, the the additional cloud that's you know, the value of the brand on the reinsurance side, I think we've been and and and our ceiling companies, you know, forecasting some wavering from the from from maybe some of the reinsurance or less appetite for the casualty, I think we've been able finally get onto probe you know, programs or insurance programs that we we think are backing the the the right people to take advantage of the of the opportunity. So that has been really the the engine behind behind the growth. It's not you know, we're not underwriting the market. We're just underwriting selective underwriters that we think have the the know how and the and the expertise to to be able to to to deliver attractive return for for us. So
David Motemaden: Great. Yep. Understood. I yep. Definitely, you guys are are underway there, so that makes sense. And and so maybe just switching gears to the insurance segment. And just wanted to get a little bit more color on the current accident year loss pick increases that you noted. It sounded like it was minor. But wanted to just get a little bit more detail on what lines it was And it didn't sound like that had any impact on the prior year reserve. Any prior year reserve impact. I just wanted to understand, how that's how that happened.
Francois Morin: Yeah. I mean, again, I you know, roughly, if we we break it down, call it a third of the increase is is due to the mid mid corporate entertainment inclusion or addition to the segment. There may another third I'd say it's lines of business where we just you know, reacting to the rate environment and example of that would be professional lines like both cyber and d and o where you know, you guys have seen it, we've seen it, you've heard it. Mean, rates have been coming down over the last couple of years pretty significantly and that's a big part of our book. So naturally, I think you'd expect us and we are booking a higher loss ratio this year than we did a year ago, and that's just a function of the rate environment. So that's an example. Another example is some of our auto warranty product, our gap product, where you know, due to, you know, the, you know, different market conditions, different economic realities with the the value of used cars and and what we insure and what we cover, know, loss ratio inched up a little bit there. So nothing that was surprising to us, but, again, we're reflecting or reacting to the data And, you know, that that's and, you know, obviously, there's always mix a little bit at the end, but those I'd say are some examples of kinda minor, kinda small adjustments that contributed to the overall increase.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. That is yeah. So it doesn't sound like that was any GL or umbrella related pick increases. It was it was more in other lines.
Francois Morin: Correct.
David Motemaden: Great. You.
Francois Morin: You're welcome.
Operator: Next question will be from Andrew Kligerman at TD Securities. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey. Thanks a lot. First question, maybe you could drill down a little more into the casualty lines the E and S areas of casualty. Where you'd like to grow or where you are growing in both insurance and reinsurance, respectively. And then with that, could you give us a sense of the rate changes in those areas in both reinsurance and insurance, respectively.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yes. So those are, I would say, for the large part, similar book of business. So it's really e E and S what we call ENS liability, and it's it's more middle to, you know, high excess layers where we've seen the market know, reacting to the propensity of larger losses in the last last few years. So what's happening in that market is people used to have on the retail side, first, you know, big limits. So once once the once the once the admitted market know, decide that You know, they're not gonna be able to offer those limits anymore. You know, by definition, if you had a two hundred million dollar program with Maybe five or or seven players. You know, now that, you know, the admitted players decide to reduce their limit to ten million, you're gonna need twenty people to And so the the way the market work is and that has been going on for a while, a lot of that business now is getting repriced into the ENS market, not only on the pricing side, but also on the terms and condition. You're able to get exclusion that you will not be able to get on the on the on the on the admitted retail side. So we We like, you know, that that business. We've been riding that business. We've been underway that business for years. You know? And we we have experience We've been riding the business for over twenty years, and we have you know, really specific line of business. I'm not gonna go over it over the the the call, but that we actually have experience in it. We have you know, we know the venues where to ride it. We know, you know, the the the type of severity of claims. We we know we know the exposure to, you know, cover order that's embedded in those in those risk. And so we we're able to selectively And good good companies do that. Effectively pick a subset of the market and we're still getting, you know, very decent rate increases. I think double digits. You know? And I think it has been the weight increase have been going on for a while. They were know, in the twenties, they were in the double digit, then they went to the single digit, then we're back in the double digits of late. And so we we think we're getting rates of a trend. I think we think the business underwritten properly with the right limit think, could be very attractive. But You have to pick and choose. You know, it's it's it's not it's not, again, the the cost of the ball that we make.
Andrew Kligerman: You know, that's very, very helpful answers. I I I guess as I think about it, you know, a lot of your competitors are running scared. On on on the high layer excess of loss casualty just just given the inflationary environment. So so maybe just a little color on and and and you kinda gave some of it just in terms of your experience in the market, but but maybe a little color why you don't fear that that that could get out of hand and, you know, we could wake up one day and just see Arch Arch get hit with with a lot of these things. You know, kind of jumping into the high layers, you know,
Nicolas Papadopoulo: So this is this is not this is this is what market do. When when you when you have a lot of severity losses, whether it's property or whether it's it's, you know, liability, reaction of the market is to cut limit. So I think if you think think of it. If you have a let's say, fifty million dollar limit. You're writing a hundred million dollar portfolio two short loss, and your loss ratio is a hundred percent. I think what we've seen is people cutting their limit dramatically to fives and tens. So now you know, when we get the full tower losses, the contribution to your portfolio is five or ten million. So it makes you know, the the beauty of diversification, it makes it makes the the your loss ratio a lot more stable. And I think when this happens, because I what what I said earlier, before to do, like, a two hundred million dollar tower, for a program, you needed five seven market because now you need twenty. You know, by definition, it costs a lot more. And so the the the the price adequacy is is is a lot better. So that's what we're seeing.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from Cave Montazeri at Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Cave Montazeri: Thank you. Another question on cash proceeds, that's why you see good growth opportunities. Seeing good rate increases on the primary side. Because she's also helping quota share of reinsurance. But the city and commissions didn't change much at one one. Despite the adverse development. Carriers continue to face, My question is, what's the incremental supply of casualty reinsurance at one one? Higher than what you would have expected? I know you're writing both, and, yes, we do found the specific line. But it is currently more attractive to write new casualty business on the primary side rather than on the reinsurance side.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yes. So, you know, as as soon as I'll answer the first question, I think the supply casualty, treasury reinsurance, I think we're hearing bubbles of people on on the call saying that they don't think it's effective. So hopefully hopefully, they withdraw. But right now, I think it's there's plenty of people willing to to ride the business. So I think it's you know, it's a lot of the supplies and demand. I mean, Sydney commission will go down the day where people are putting their food on the ground and on the and say, listen. I'm not gonna ride it unless the commission is down two or three percent. So we haven't seen that. Even on the business that we place, we are you know, ourselves, that we we haven't seen that. So I think that so for sure, I think the you know, the math for the reinsurer you know, they get the rate increase. They get a lower commission. It helps you know, justifying why you would write those those those business. So but I think for us, I think we yeah. We are I think we are more bullish on the primary side today on the ENS side because I think that we have a true expertise there. We underwrite the business one by one. And I think we have we that that would say that's I put it on the list. I would say that goes number one. Being able to you know, there there is good companies out of ours before we we admire or we hire on the right of from I mean, being able to To to support those people on the through our reinsurance team, I think next sense to me. So I think, yeah, I think the the commission may be a little high, but I think if you you pick people that can outperform on on the loss ratio, you you you you may still be alright.
Cave Montazeri: Good. And then my second question is still on growth on the primary side this time. Early days, but can you give us an update on how the integration of Medcorp is going? And if the growth prospects how that's evolving versus your expectations prior to the deal?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yes. So I think you know, I think we're pretty much on plan, to be honest. I think the integration is is it's it's it's a it's a big lift, but I think we we are pretty comfortable so far that things are pretty much on plan. In term of the business itself, it's it's already too bad, but, you know, the the business is pretty much what we expected. I don't think it's Okay. It's better or or worse. I think it's pretty much what what what we had planned for. So Just And I think on the the good news for us on the mid cop aspect is that you know, we're seeing some double digit trade increases on the property side. And And is and it's and also the liability side. So I think on the property side, it's really driven by the secondary periods that have you know, that that you know, not only for us, but for others on the on the market side that have been a problem in the past. So people are you know, we're underwriting around it, but also getting rate increase. And we're seeing the same you know, some of the same rate increase on the total liability in the GL.
Cave Montazeri: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from Alex Scott at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hi. Good morning. First one I have is on the PMLs. And I just wanted to understand, you know, to what degree you all have exposure to aggregate reinsurance treaties and and just when we think about it pro forma for some of the wildfire losses, would that you know, cause any upward pressure of note to the PMLs as we, you know, think about heading into when season.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: So we we we we do some, but we have very little exposure to aggregate aggregate release. I think it's as a as a general Undividing philosophy. It's hard enough to price the severity. You know, the frequency is is is really, really hard to to price. So I think we we do it but, you know, when we we really feel that we have because of the line of business and the exposure, a good we could have a good grab on the on the frequency or, you know, the the the we get enough away from the from the frequency that, you know, maybe providing and I gotta get cover makes sense.
Francois Morin: So we have very limited exposure to aggregate covers.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Terms of the the PML, can you repeat the same question? I'm I'm I'm I just forgot.
Alex Scott: Well, I it it was long the same. I was just trying to understand it. If you had you know, exposure to aggregate treaties, then to what extent would it potentially increase your PMLs? Just thinking through, like, You know, for example, a you know, a primary this morning announced a wildfire number that know, when you look at their baseline cap budget, I think it would know, potentially cause them to to pierce the aggregate.
Francois Morin: Yeah. My guess is immaterial for us.
Alex Scott: Got it. Okay. And then just as a separate follow-up, on on Midcorp, I just wanted to to probe there. Now that you have Look, it sounds like things are going to plan, but could you could you talk about, like, what portion of those premiums that you've gotten in are going through the heavier remediation and and just how we should think about the trajectory of premiums considering that, you know, there's still some remediation work going on in the background.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: I think it's mainly around I would say, the program book of business. When we when we bought Miccoop, memory, again, I think there was a five hundred million dollar book of programs, and this is not what we bought mid corp, and I think we have ourself a significant, I think, I mean, something like you know, in the book of business. I think that's where we try to integrate their teams with our teams and have a very defined risk appetite for, you know, the the the type of under IT manager that we do business with, the the the type of back office integration that we require to get the information very quickly. So I think we we are going through the their book of business to make sure which which one qualify and which one which one doesn't. So
Francois Morin: Yeah. To add to that, I mean, we have already kinda taken action on a number of programs, but, you know, given the the period to to notice, I mean, it it will start to show more in the second half of twenty twenty five. The impact of those actions. On the top line at least. And certainly we think the bottom line, you know, the loss ratios will follow as well.
Alex Scott: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Francois Morin: You're welcome.
Operator: Next question will be from Andrew Anderson at Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Andrew Anderson: Hey. Good morning. You'd mentioned deploying capital into London specialty markets. I would have thought that scenario where perhaps a bit more competition has come in and maybe rate is decelerating, but perhaps you'll add a inadequate level. Could you just maybe talk about the growth environment there?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: No. So I think we, you know, we I'm personally and we I think we are bullish in the in the lender market. I think the thing that yeah. There is more competition. I think rates have You know, have flattened in in certain of our certain of our business, but I think the the thing that help us in the London market is that we've grown from being a substandard sub scale business to business today that's right close to, you know, in the London market, probably a a billion five or more of of premium. So we are one of the and the market is consolidating around a fewer number of carriers. So we are we are one of the beneficiary of that consolidation. We're not the only one, but I think we're beneficiary, and we we build the team has done an amazing job building leading capabilities in a in a in a number of lines of business, and that makes a huge difference. So I think you know, we get to pick first, which, you know, business is is a huge advantage.
Andrew Anderson: Thank you. And then maybe just within reinsurance, it sounds like still kinda positive on PropCat. The the other specialty line, I realize there's probably a number of different businesses in here, but it declined in the quarter. Can you maybe just touch on the drivers of the the decrease year over year?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Yeah. So I think I think, you know, the first first is the fourth quarter is really smaller so smaller of the fourth quarter. So and, you know, we the thing I want people to to understand on reinsurance, it's true in the insurance as well. It's that we are extremely dynamic, you know, We don't you know, if something, you know, doesn't fit or a city company decide to If I sense happened if a senior company decide to change from proportional to to excess, Premium in itself is never our target. We're not trying to replace the premium. We're actually looking for profitable premiums. Those are two different concepts. So I think, you know, in the fourth quarter, what happened is I think we you know, we're starting to have a negative bias on on cyber be honest. I think we we are a big provider of quota share in the cyber side. So a couple of our contracts you know, we either the Citi company retain more, I think is more or we may have cut back on on on the number one based on the the new terms and condition. That explained most of it. So Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from Meyer Shields at KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thank you very much. I guess one question for twenty twenty five on the insurance segment. You talk about how reinsurance purchase is your reinsurance outward reinsurance. Has I don't know whether that's a market question or a mid score question or both.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Sure.
Meyer Shields: I I think, you know, the may may maybe I understand this, how did it change? Or what what's the outcome? I think the the the one change The one change that we had to do is we had to you know Allianz was buying our insurance to to cover the mid core portfolio, a lot of it being properties, some of it being casualty. So so I think we at one one, I think we on the property side, I think we had to and and and they buy they bought large limit. You know, limits of up to seven hundred or eight hundred million dollars. So I think we had to that was one thing we bought. I mean, so we had to transfer that reinsurance onto, you know, onto an arch you know, managed framework. So outside of the the Allianz CID CID department. So and and within the RCD department. So that happened at one one. I think the team did a You did a great job, you know. And we we kept the capacity, which is a huge part of the the value proposition that the mid corp offer. You know? It's like to be able to compete in the in the middle market, you need large capacity you know, up to seven up to a billion dollars on anyone, you know, account or or or location. So I think we by by being able to do that, I think we secured, you know, a lot of the a lot of the brand or a lot of the value that we we bought I think that was a very satisfactory outcome for us.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then, Francois, you mentioned that there's a lot of property and therefore cat risk within the empty portfolio. Right now, obviously, the underlying loss ratio is elevated. Once all of that is done, should Etsy have a lower attritional loss ratio than the legacy arch side of things because of that cat exposure?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: So I think the yeah. The the the cat exposure of the mid core business is more around the secondary period than it is around the primary period of hurricane and and so I think we that was something attractive for us because he was very complementary to to to the footprint that we that that we that that we had. So I think you know, The going forward, I think, you know, those secondary barriers you know, attritional catalyst ratio, they they remain. That part of the I mean, we we we we oh, we underwrite, you know, we underwrite the flood. We underwrite the the tornadoes, we underwrite the but, ultimately, the so I don't I I really don't expect you know, the attritional loss ratio coming from the mid corp to to a really churns going forward.
Francois Morin: Yeah. That's yeah. I have yeah. Exactly that. I mean, I think pre and post and see after call it, we we fully integrated the business. You know, I would not expect a significant change to you know, the the ex cat loss ratio.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. That's what I needed done.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from Brian Meredith at UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Thanks. First, Nicolas DeFranco. I'm just curious. How are you thinking about the potential impact of tariffs on your business?
Francois Morin: Nothing significant for us at this point. You know, as you know I mean, the businesses are transacted locally, you know, between local carriers and each of the Jurisdictions in which we operate and You know, so so from that point of view, that that's that's don't think there's an issue there or any concern. Does it you know, does it slow down trade in in the broader sense? Maybe. I think that's you know, I could see a potential impact on a, you know, our coal fast investment, for example. I mean, you could see some some reductions in in world trade and and that how that might have an impact. But I think too early to tell would be our answer. But, you know, that's something, obviously, we're we're We're watching.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. And then second question, think you've kinda answered this around that way, but what are you assuming right now in your reserving and pricing with respect to GL, call it, loss trend?
Francois Morin: I mean, it varies by sell, but, you know, certainly, it's for the excess business, it's double digits. It's like twelve percent to fourteen percent on the primary E and kinda low limit casualties probably around five.
Brian Meredith: That's
Francois Morin: Five zero six. Yep.
Brian Meredith: Five zero six Mullen County. And then one other one and then quickly switch within here. Y'all have typically done a reasonable amount of structured in your reinsurance. You're you're good at that surplus fleet, that kind of stuff. Are you seeing how much opportunity here in twenty five and twenty six on that?
Nicolas Papadopoulo: We don't you know, we we We don't think so. I think there there there has been a few. Again, it's it's really you know, we are in that business. You know, we need the the margin to make sense for us to write it and I think for a while, we were successful because it seems that some of the traditional players were you know, pulling back. So we got a couple of opportunities to participate at our terms in in a couple of transactions. It looks like the maybe some capacity is coming back, so it's it's it's hard to tell. So it's not Something we we we target, I think, is we we are, you know, we are in that business, and we when when something fits, we do it. And if it doesn't, we just don't.
Francois Morin: Yeah. We're a a not not a typical arch thing, but a little bit more reactive on that type of business. We we don't drive the the demand for it. Sometimes you have a company that may be into may have some capital issues because of cats or any other some other you know, kinda result or could be reserve development. Who knows? So that's where the you know, it's hard to predict whether the demand will be there these products, but we're we're open for business.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Think we benefit there, Yan, of the the the support we offer to some of our precedents. I think we today, especially in the in the US, we have we are multilingual insurer. So we just don't do the CAT. We do the CAT. We do the risk. We do the quarter share. So know, right now, the the the opportunity that we got one one one of those silly companies, the other problem, they think of us as one of the partners. So they so that's how, you know, some of those opportunities opportunities came to us. It's more like because of all the all the things we were doing for them, they're like, listen, we have this problem in March. Could you help us doing this? And then, you know, the the the they looked at it together. So I think that that that probably puts a bit more tailwind in our ability to do this, but, again, they asked to be the right structure or it has to be the right price.
Francois Morin: Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: You're welcome. Next question will be from Elyse Greenspan at Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Just a couple follow ups. First one, Francois, was on the the seven to eight point cat load. I just wanna understand that correctly. That does include the fire. So then would would that also be the cat load for twenty six, or are you assuming in that that the fires kinda take the place of another large loss that you might have seen this year.
Francois Morin: Yeah. With that x it it it it does not include the buyers in a a direct way in the January first. This is what we thought the cat losses or cat load was for the year. Now if it turns out that you know, the wildfires, which so far may end up being higher than what our cat load specifically for wildfires for the year would have been, then yeah, there's a chance that we exceed, you know, the total that that total of load, but by the same token, hurricanes end up could end up being lower. So that's truly a a start of the year without any kinda additional knowledge, you know, reflected in that number.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then the my second question, on Midcorp, right, when you guys announced the transaction, you said post integration, right, it would run at a low nineties combined ratio. It sounds like from everything you were saying, it's running in track with Plan? So that would still be the target. If you guys said when Like, you know, when when we might see that loan IDs number, like, what year would be considered post integration.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: You didn't say when? It's gonna take some time. You know, I think, you know, those things take always longer. I think, you know, the the goal, I think from what we know today, we I think I'm I'm still very comfortable that we get there Again, we have to finish the integration. There's you know, we we for people, we still operating the the business on Allianz systems. So you can see that there's limit to what we can do you know, in terms of insight. And so we we we're preparing for, you know, a lift over ops that we should happen sometime next year. So I think it's gonna take a bit of time.
Elyse Greenspan: And then just one follow-up, Francois. I think someone asked a question. Anyone I bet Midcorp would maybe one at the same loss ratio once integrated with Meaning, run at the same loss ratio as legacy arch. Is that what you were saying there?
Francois Morin: Yeah. I mean I mean, I haven't done the math recently, but my my expectation would be that, you know, the, you know, again, the ex cap, accident year loss ratio pre MCE, your legacy arch, and, you know, that same metric once you include MCE after the integration's completed, meaning a little bit of remediation on some of the business we acquired, I don't think would be that different. So I think those would be pretty much in line.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. It. Thank you.
Francois Morin: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Nicolas Papadopoulo for closing remarks.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: So thank you for your time today, and I yes. We'll see you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this does indeed conclude your conference call for today. We once again, thank you for attending. At this time, we do ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2024 Arch Capital Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review the periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the 2023 fiscal year. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management will also make references to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliations to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website at www.archgroup.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Nicolas Papadopoulo, and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Nicolas Papadopoulo: Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. I'd like to begin by wishing the best to my friend and my business partners of 23 years, Marc Grandisson, who retired earlier this month, after the fantastic road under Marc's leadership. While we will miss him, I'm very excited about the opportunities before us. My message to our shareholders, employees, brokers, clients and business partners is that it is business as usual at Arch. Our core objective remains unchanged to be the best-in-class specialty lines insurer in the market. We will continue to execute on the key pillars of our strategy, which are build a diversified mix of businesses, actively manage the underwriting cycle, remain prudent stewards of capital be dynamic managers of a data-driven enterprise and foster a culture that attracts best-in-class talent. Back to the quarter, where Arch generated strong top and bottom line results with an annualized operating return on equity of 14.8% and an 8.1% increase in book value per share. Our third quarter results included $450 million of cat losses across multiple levers, including Hurricane Evan. It's worth noting that this cat loss is within our third quarter seasonally adjusted cap load. Overall, the P&C environment remains very favorable despite increasing competition in many lines of business, making underwriting and risk mitigation increasingly important. Underwriting strategies empower our businesses to respond quickly to their trading environment. This has been and remains a competitive advantage as we pursue those opportunities with the best risk-adjusted return. Industry cat losses have once again exceeded $100 billion for the third quarter. We should continue to support increasing demand for property insurance and reinsurance. Even with this increased cat activity, we believe the property market remains attractive and one in which disciplined underwriters can produce attractive return on capital. [indiscernible] rates continue to outpace trend which is consistent with our hypothesis of a hardening casualty market. We have selectively increased our casualty riding in both insurance and reinsurance as the markets respond to claim inflation and uncertainty around loss trend with higher prices. Turning now to underwriting segments. Our insurance segment was $1.8 billion of net premium and delivered $120 million of underwriting income in the third quarter. Acquisition of the MidCorp and entertainment business from Valiance in August help drive a 20% growth over the same quarter a year ago. We are confident that the mid-core team will be an important part of our growth story as we further enhance our capabilities in the middle market. Excluding MidCorp insurance growth was mid-single digits as we continue to find attractive growth opportunity in casualty programs and our London market specialty business. premiums competitive in E&S property and professional lines. Reinsurance had another excellent growth quarter with net premium return up more than 24% to over $1.9 billion, along with underwriting income of $149 million as our team continued to benefit from a more robust relationship with our brokers and cedents. Growth was driven by property ex cat, including facultative business, casualty and other specialty. Our industry-leading mortgage segment again contributed significantly to our earnings with $269 million of underwriting income for the quarter. Underlying fundamentals remain excellent for the mortgage insurance industry, including strong credit conditions and continued favorable house price appreciation. Mortgage origination activities remains light that new insurance return of $13.5 billion was in line with our expectation as relatively high mortgage rates and continued house price acquisition have kept most buyers on the side mines. Finally, the contribution from our investment portfolio were substantial. In the quarter, Arch Investment Management generated $399 million of net investment income. Significant operating cash flows from our underwriting units should support continued growth of our assets under management, setting us up for strong investment contribution in the years to come. Looking ahead, we like our position and the market opportunities. This is true as we enter a responsible growth part of the P&C cycle where disciplined underwriting and thoughtful rate collection are essential to success. A few final comments in closing. Arch has proven to be an exceptional company defined by a culture of underwriting excellence, underpinned by our core strategies of cycle management and thoughtful capital allocation. That was true yesterday, it is true today and it will be true tomorrow. I'm very excited and proud to lead this company and work with our leadership team as we continue to strive to deliver the greatest value to our clients and shareholders over the long term. I'll now turn it over to Francois to provide some more color on our financial results in the quarter. and then we will return to take your questions. Francois?
Francois Morin : Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning to all. As you know by now, we reported third quarter after-tax operating income of $1.99 per share for annualized operating return on average common equity of 14.8%. Book value per share was $57 as of September 30 of 8.1% for the quarter and 21.4% on a year-to-date basis. Once again, our three business segments delivered excellent underlying results highlighted by $538 million in underwriting income and an 86.6% combined ratio, which was slightly elevated from an active catastrophe quarter. Our combined ratio was 78.3% on an underlying ex-cat accident year basis. Overall, current accident year catastrophe losses were $450 million for the group in the quarter, split roughly 80%, 20% between the reinsurance and insurance segments. Approximately 45% of our catastrophe losses this quarter are due to Hurricane Helene with the rest coming from a series of events, including Canadian events, smaller named hurricanes, U.S. severe convective storms, flooding in Europe and other events across the globe. As of October 1, our peak zone natural cap probable maximum loss for a single event 1-in-200-year return level on a net basis increased slightly and now stands at 8.1% of tangible shareholders' equity as we incorporated exposures from the MidCorp acquisition on August 1. Our PML remains well below our internal limits. Our underwriting income included $119 million of favorable prior year development on a pretax basis in the quarter, or three points on the combined ratio across our three segments. We recognize favorable development across many lines of business, but primarily in short tail lines in our Property and Casualty segments and in mortgage, due to strong cure activity. As you know, we closed on our purchase of the U.S. MidCorp and entertainment insurance businesses from Allianz on August 1, and I would like to expand on a few items that impacted our financials this quarter. First, the net written premium coming from the acquired businesses was $209 million for the 2-month period, contributing to the reported year-over-year premium growth for our Insurance segment. Second, in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the fair value of the acquired balance sheet does not include an asset for deferred acquisition costs. Therefore, since there is no amortization of deferred acquisition costs associated with the in-force business at the time of the acquisition, the current quarter's acquisition expense ratio is lower than in the third quarter of 2023. This item resulted in a benefit this quarter of approximately 1.9 points in the Insurance segment's acquisition expense ratio. Although we would expect this benefit to become less significant over the next three quarters to four quarters as a larger proportion of our earned premium relates to premium written after the closing date. Operating expenses in the new business were also somewhat lower than ultimately expected as we ramp up operations contributing to a 60-basis point benefit in the quarter. Third, as is required with business combinations, we recorded goodwill and intangibles in connection with the transaction, primarily from the value of the business acquired, distribution relationships, and the present value adjustment related to the reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses. This quarter, we incurred an expense for the amortization of intangibles of $88 million, $63 million of which was for the MidCorp and entertainment acquisition. We expect our overall amortization expense across the group to be approximately $100 million in the fourth quarter of this year and $195 million in 2025, spread evenly throughout the four quarters. While still early, the mid-core business is performing as expected or even maybe slightly better, and we are satisfied with the progress we are making in our integration activities. Turning to our reinsurance group. The team delivered a very solid 92.3% combined ratio in an active catastrophe quarter. Of note, the reported net written premium growth of 24.5% in the quarter was augmented by reinstatement premiums. Adjusting for this item, the growth rate would have been approximately 22.4%. The mortgage segment reported an excellent 14.8% combined ratio as cure activity on delinquent mortgages is strong and the underlying credit quality of the book remains very high. the reported delinquency rate that USMI inched up slightly this quarter and was impacted primarily by seasonal factors. On the investment front, we earned a combined $570 million pretax from net investment income and income from funds accounted using the equity or $1.49 per share. Our investment income reflects approximately $20 million earned during the 2-month period from the assets we've received in connection with the MidCorp acquisition. Total return for the portfolio came in at 3.97% for the quarter, as there was significant price appreciation on our fixed-income portfolio due to lower interest rates. The appreciation of our available-for-sale investment portfolio resulted in a book value increase of $1.56 per share net of tax. Cash flow from operations remained strong and exceeds $5 billion on a year-to-date basis. Our effective tax rate on a pretax operating income was an expense of 8% for the third quarter in our annualized effective tax rate remains in the 9% to 11% range for the full year 2024. In closing, our balance sheet is strong with common shareholders' equity of $21.4 billion and a debt plus preferred to capital ratio of 14.2%. This level of financial resources gives us flexibility to deploy capital as needed. And continue delivering outstanding results for the benefit of our shareholders. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Good morning. I guess my first question is on the Allianz deal. You gave us some good color on the expenses. But anyway, could you give us a sense of just the impact on the underlying loss ratio within the insurance segment in the quarter?
Francois Morin : Yes, sure. I mean, just to give you a bit more details on that, the -- call it, the normalized meaning ex cat accident year loss ratio for the segment was $57.6 million. right? And the stand-alone for the mid-core business was 62% in the quarter. So that's how came up. So effectively, kind of increased, call it by 70 basis points and increased the reported loss ratio for the ex-cat loss ratio.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in reinsurance, the margin sometimes does fluctuate quarter-to-quarter but the underlying loss ratio did trend up in the Q3. Was there anything business mix in there that might have impacted that in the quarter?
Francois Morin : Nothing specific. Again, we will -- we'll go back to our trailing 12 months way of looking at things. I mean I took another look this morning and there's nothing unusual in the quarter. I mean the trends are very consistent. Trailing 12 months are doing very well. So, the answer is nothing to report. I mean there's just kind of some claims happen, some don't. And over the last 12 months, we're very comfortable with the loss picks and how things are behaving.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my last question is on capital, right? You guys have left the Doral ban, just given your excess capital position to doing something to return to shareholders, be that right a quarterly dividend, a special or even a return to repurchase. So, what's the timing there? I thought maybe it was post the end of wind season. Does that still apply? And how are you thinking about how you might look to return capital to shareholders?
Francois Morin : I mean you hit all the good points. I think it's very much a conversation and it's not a new conversation. It's a conversation we have all the time. And yes, we had certainly mentioned that we wanted to wait till the end of the wind season, which is coming close to an end. And as we get ready for 2025, certainly part of the outlook for 2025 growth opportunities, how -- where we may be able to deploy the capital is something we'll consider as well. But Yes, no question that this is an area that we're focused on. And I'll say you should -- we're not sleeping on it, and we'll report back when there's more to say on that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with TD Cowen.
Andrew Kligerman: Good morning. Maybe following up on the insurance division and MidCorp. And I think France Swap, I heard correctly the MidCorp impact on the underlying loss ratio was about 60 basis points to 70 basis points, and if that's the case, it kind of moved up a fair amount, like 250 bps year-over-year. So, I'm trying to get a sense of should we be thinking that this is kind of a good run rate underlying number for the loss ratio? How should we think about it going forward?
Francois Morin : Well, I mean, we indicated that we thought initially, I mean, we have to get, call it, under the hood, we have to understand the business. But we certainly have said that in the first year, we thought this business was going to be breakeven for us. So yes, we should expect a little increase in the loss ratio and the combined ratio for the segment. No question. In terms of run rate, I'd be a little bit hesitant to commit to anything beyond, call it, the first year. I think we're already making adjustments, taking underwriting actions in terms of we like, what we don't like as much. I think there is good traction, good opportunities in terms of the casualty business that they write. The rates right environment is very strong. So that will help, we think, -- so that's -- again, the short-term answer is yes. I think the combined ratio will probably inch up a little bit, but we have very -- definitive ideas and plans on how to bring that down as we move forward.
Nicolas Papadopoulo : Yes. And I think -- it's dynamic. I mean, again, we I mean if you look at the insurance group overall, it's heavy non-property lines, so the property line attract lower loss ratio. So, we were growing in the property line in the last couple of years and the market now it makes it more difficult. And we have a large component of professional lines where rates have been challenging, so that probably incur Carlos ratio. And then we have casualty where I think we think there is opportunities potentially to grow more with higher margin, but it may come also with a higher switcher than property. So that's a playbook that we are facing.
Andrew Kligerman: Interesting. And maybe breaking down some of the lines of business in insurance what kind of rate are you seeing? And is this rate exceeding loss costs? I suspect it's not in property, but maybe you could talk a little bit about some of the key lines in insurance?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : So, I mean let's talk about casualty, which is talk of the time. I think in casualty, we're definitely seeing rates on the trend -- but there are really good reasons for that. I think the market is going through some pain. And so, I think we are underweight in casualty. We historically underwrite casualty. So now I think based on our own analysis of the pocket of casualty business that we like. We are selectively growing both from the insurance and the reinsurance side. So there, I expect margin to expand. I think if you mention property, if you talk about reinsurance versus insurance, we're mostly focusing on insurance. On E&S property, we think the profitability is actually very attractive. I think over the last few years and post the Hurricane Helene, I think the business has reacted with a lot of rate increase and a lot of change in terms and conditions, which make the business really attractive. So there, I think after year without losses, people have really short. We see a lot more competition coming from Lloyd's, coming from NGS, coming from new entrants that want to have a piece of that business. So, I think we -- our rates are pretty flat, but I think we'd expect that margin on the business will be depend on the reaction to the catastrophes that just happened. So, I think with Milton and Eli, we price expectation with things would stabilize, but ultimate the supply and the demand, there's more supply. We think there's more demand. I think the demand has been constrained by the high price and high deductibles and high retention on the reinsurance side. So, I think we're close to an equitable year -- I think the business will remain attractive for a while.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets.
Michael Zaremski : First question is on catastrophes. So, I don't know if you disclosed what you're assuming for Hurricane Helene. I know you're I think the cats were a bit higher than the consensus, but you guys have done a good job of giving us disclosure that you've been taking more risk in Florida specifically and just overall? And then also, should we be thinking about Milton as well. I think there's some conflicting numbers out there on open sure PCS is only a $5 billion so far, but there's some much bigger numbers out there?
Francois Morin : Yes, sure. On Helene, our view is that it's going to be the type of event that probably will have a bit more leakage than you would otherwise expect. I mean it's just multiple states, and it's a lot of flooding. So, we are currently assuming, call it, a $12 billion to $14 billion industry loss. Which is maybe higher than others? And -- but that's how we see it today. I mean things could change, but that hopefully informs how we thought about the event initially and is reflected in our third quarter numbers. As it relates to Milton, we need to do a bit more work, but we will certainly give you our initial thoughts on that, I think, in the coming weeks in terms of what a loss -- what a range of estimates could be for us. But no question that what we -- what people thought might have been a really scary and large events doesn't seem to have materialized. I think industry estimates are coming down as we speak. So, call it the $30 billion plus or minus market loss seems to be about right, given what we know today. And in terms of our own loss related to that, I mean, again, more to come, but you shouldn't expect anything unusual from us. I think from what we can tell at this point, it should be in a relatively consistent kind of market share for us for an event of that size.
Michael Zaremski : Okay. That's helpful. And -- my last question for Nicolas. Is there any context or color you can add to the -- what -- why the CEO change took place at the number 1 question I'm sure you all have received, and we have two people wondering if it's performance related versus just some other events or anything else? Any color you'd be able to add?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : I didn't understand the deal?
Francois Morin : The CEO Marc's departure.
Nicolas Papadopoulo : Should know that. No. I mean, again, it was a personal decision that is, I think as I said, Marc and I were a good trend. It's a bit bittersweet for me, but based on this decision, I'm actually very excited about the opportunity in front of us. I think Marc is, I think Arch is bigger than any one of us, and I think we have a lot to do, and we have not an exciting thing to continue to do in the coming years. And I think we have a really good management team. We have 7,000 employees that are really engaged. And as I said, I think Arch is an exceptional company, and I'm really looking forward to continue this journey and, certainly, I think Marc departure is not performance related that the guy under his leadership, and I said the company has performed amazingly well.
Michael Zaremski : And I guess, Nicolas is helpful. Obviously, you put your own stamp on the company over time and you're a different type of leader and we're all excited to -- about your position. But I'm just curious, is there now that you are at the Boss, are there certain things we should kind of stay tuned for that have kind of been on your wish list that you'll be able to kind of push through? Or do you kind of expect just more of the same directionally?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : No, not a message to -- it's really business as usual. I think I've been with the company for 23 years, have worked very closely with Marc in the last 5 years or 6 years in setting up strategies, looking at operation changes, looking at culture. So, I think we -- him and I were extremely aligned. So, I think I would not expect any changes in the way we operate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar : Good morning. So first, I just had a question on your views on 1/1 renewal and what do you think about the sort of supply-demand imbalance? And has that sort of shifted given losses from Milton -- or is your view consistent with how you would have thought before?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : So, is the question on property cat I assume?
Jamminder Bhullar : Yes, yes.
Nicolas Papadopoulo : Yes. So, I think on property cat, I think, as you've seen, we've grown the book quite a bit in the last 2 years or 3 years. So, we think the returns are really attractive. The Yes. I think the we have vet of midterm and Helene in my view, what we hear is that you stabilize the market. And I think there was a lot some supply, as I said earlier, is there from nodes or from MGAs or from our competitors. After 1 year without losses really wanting to get back in the business and realizing that they may have missed out on a profitable line of business. So, what I would expect, and we see it on the insurance side that things have stabilized. And I think my guess is at this stage is that we will do the same on the cat reinsurance side.
Jamminder Bhullar : And more specifically, are you expecting pricing to be down, flat or -- and to whatever extent you're able to qualify quantify would be helpful?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : Yes. I don't have a crystal ball. I would say, again, it's always the same with programs that are being impacted by losses. I would expect prices to go up. in regions that had no losses, you could see in the bottom of the programs, I think people are still really scared about frequency. So, I'd expect the bottom to middle side of the program to perform well. The upper layers where people seem to be more comfortable to play where competition is coming because you are away from the midsize also, it could be a little bit of weakness, but not really have a strong conviction in a way. But I think mostly stable.
Jamminder Bhullar : And then on casualty reserves, a lot of companies have had adverse development, some on recent years, some money even some on peak over the years as well. Can you talk about your own comfort with your casualty reserves on your legacy book as well as the Watford business?
Francois Morin : Sure. I mean, reserves is something we looked at. We look at regularly, quarterly, right? So, it's nothing new here. I think we're -- to answer your question, we're very comfortable with our reserve levels. I think from couple of reasons. One is we were -- as Nicolas said, we have been underweighting casualty for a number of years. So as much as, yes, we do feel and see some of the impacts of social inflation and pressures on loss trends on casualty business in general. I mean the fact that we're underweight in those lines has been very helpful. So yes, we are monitoring casualty reserves. There, we have experienced some adverse development, but it's been overall very manageable. And that explains, in our mind, is a big reason as to why rates are moving up because the industry is seeing the pressure and a way to correct for those results is really by getting more rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cave Montazeri with Deutsche Bank.
Cave Montazeri : First question is on growth. I guess, Francois, you've already explained the growth in primary insurance I guess, underlying once you exclude MidCorp, is about 5%. In reinsurance, you also mentioned the impact of reinstatement premium. I think you said it was still 22% growth even adjusting for that, still a big number. Could you give us a bit more color on like what drove that in terms of how much of that was pricing? How much of those like unit growth? How much of that was maybe writing more casualty business. Any type of color on that would be quite helpful, please.
Nicolas Papadopoulo : Yes. I think for the quarter, I think the driver of the growth was a bit of casualty return mostly our U.S. company, where I think we selectively are trying to -- are getting on programs that we haven't been as rates get better, we think there's opportunities for us to write attractive casualty business. And on the other side of the business that grew is the specialty business, the return. And that's more of business that we wrote 1/1 that is coming in on quarter shares, and some of it is we have a decent size book of business that support Lloyd's [indiscernible] where called Ponat where we get quarter share of what they write net of their protection. So that business is growing. Lloyd's is growing, and we think it's a profitable business. So, we benefit from that. And the second aspect is we have a decent size book of motor United Kingdom motor and that business is really dislocated, it's been dislocated, and we've been playing in that field for a while. And as rates are continuing to go up, and I think they added a 1/1 additional relationship be benefiting of this in the quarter. But it's not any action that we actually took during this specific quarter. So -- the last piece is our facultative operation that has an amazing track record and is one of the leading accusative operation, property operation in North America and -- they also have shown some excellent growth.
Cave Montazeri : Perfect. My follow-up is on the mortgage insurance business. I guess two parts to that question. The first one is the growth in the quarter, was that primarily driven by the Fed cuts that just boosted demand. And I guess linked to that is the pickup in delinquency in mortgage insurance, is that also just linked to more activity? I know you mentioned some seasonal factors. I don't know what those were. If there's any details we can have on that, please?
Francois Morin : Yes. I'll start with that. I think the delinquency, again, yes, itself, but it's absolutely very much within our expectations. The one thing maybe for people to remember or appreciate is given we've refinanced a significant part of the book in 2020 and 2021. We're now entering call it, the prime years of when delinquencies get recorded. So that's very much part of the -- again, within our expectations, right? So as new loans get on the books. Usually, it takes 3 years, 4 years for them to show a bit of, just call it, really predictable and normal delinquencies. So that explains why in aggregate or delinquency rate is trending up a little bit. And more specifically on the seasonal aspect, I mean, every year, there's fairly predictable behaviors that we see from the borrowers, whether they get their tax refunds and in the first quarter and then they catch up on their mortgages and whether they borrow more to buy holiday presence. So that happens. And then the third quarter is typically expected and seen as we -- I mean, we've seen that in the recent history that the delinquency rate just goes up in the third quarter without any more just seasonal. So again, we're very comfortable with the overall rate. And again, there's a little bit -- the same differential that I mentioned last quarter related to the -- RMIC acquisition is still there. So, it's a pre-financial crisis book that is -- has its own set of characteristics. So, we're, again, overall, very happy, very comfortable with the delinquency rate -- and in terms of the premium, your first part of the question, there's a couple of accounting differences or nuances this quarter. So, I wouldn't read too much, I think, in the growth that we saw this quarter. There's a little bit of a catch-up on premium that was related to old -- or related to Bellemeade transactions on the seed aside. So generally speaking, I'd say the mortgage segment is relatively flat in terms of growth opportunities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden : Thanks Francois, thanks. So much for all the detail you gave on the insurance underlying loss ratio, both including and excluding the mid-corp acquisition. So, I guess just sort of running through those numbers there, it looks like if I take out mid-corp, it was about a 57% underlying loss ratio for the sort of core Arch insurance business. And so that picked up a little over 100 basis points versus last quarter and also on a year-over-year basis. So, I'm just wondering if you could help me think through some of the drivers of that increase?
Francois Morin : Yes. I'd say, again, it's -- Nicolas touched on it, it's growth related in mix, right, in the sense that where you saw us grow this quarter. And I don't think if you have the time to look at in the supplement, how we report the lines of business, which is we have changed this quarter relative to the past, more growth in casualty and other liability lines of business, both -- I mean, primarily on an occurrence basis, claims made, which is more professional lines book and cyber or that has come down. But that business typically carries a higher accident year loss ratio than property business once we remove the cat load. So that is really the big driver of the pickup is really mix as we have grown in the last little while more in casualty and remain relatively flat on property.
David Motemaden : Got it. Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate that. And then maybe a follow-up on the reserves just within insurance and reinsurance. I was wondering if there's any way you could size those moving pieces for us between the short tail and the long tail development?
Francois Morin : Well, I mean, we -- in total, I mean -- and that will be in the queue, but yes, we definitely very favorable on short tail lines of business, a little bit of adverse on long tail lines. So that's consistent with recent trends. I mean, as I mentioned earlier, we are -- we're seeing a little bit of pressure on casualty, longer-tail lines of business. There's been some favorable in workers' comp, as you've seen, I'm sure, with many of our competitors. I think that's been a consistent story for quite some time. But again, the bottom line in aggregate is we're able to -- we're observing kind of favorable development, lower actual than expected, and that is coming through in our numbers.
David Motemaden: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Francois Morin : I think he might have dropped. We're not hearing anything.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields : Great. I think we've talked about this in the past, but I wanted to get Nicolas' thoughts on cycle management. Specifically, I guess, with retail distribution and in particular, the mid-core business, is that less amenable to cycle management?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : So, I mean, my view is it's a different type of cycle management. I mean the -- what's attractive with the mid-core business is it's more stable. So, which means that the cycle are more muted. You don't see the same price going up and down like excess D&O public excess D&O. You got 40 and you make up 20 or 10. So, I think in the middle market business, I think you have more -- it's going up slower, and it's going down much lower. So, I think that that provide -- I think we like that provides a much balance to our insurance book that has a large component of larger corporate risk that are more subject to large situations in rates. And the thing that's attractive to us is the value proposition of a carrier in the MidCorp segment is better because usually the distribution partner, the broker rely on the carrier to provide more than one kind of business like -- so you're more important to him. The interaction with the carrier is more valued. So, you create the stickiness that really help -- you're not competing solely on price, where when you deal with a large account and a risk manager price is an important component of the value proposition. But here, I think -- so it's less subject to in my view price competition, which make it more stable and more attractive. And I think the thing that's interesting to us with the MidCorp aquisition is that the timing is pretty good because we've seen price increases on the property side because this book is more exposed to secondary period and the liability component of the book is subject to the discussion that we talked about before. So, I think we -- our timing is really good. I think the book looks to be performing well enough. And so, we're pretty excited to be able to find like a decent chunk of that business and to be at scale and being able to expand our footprint in what we think is a very attractive part of the market.
Meyer Shields : Okay. That's very helpful. And then if I can switch gears a little bit I know it's early on the January 1 discussions for property cat. Is there anything you can share with regard to expectations for seating commission trends in casualty reinsurance?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : So, I'm going to be the wise person here. I think as we insure and including ourselves in see more bad news coming from the past. I think the -- there will be pressure on seating commission. You would expect that -- the question is the supply. I mean the pressure on the seating commission will be muted by the supplier, because if there's more people wanting the business and there's a limited amount of business being placed I think the brokers is going to -- is going to play a big role in minimizing I mean, the directions of where the seating commission are going to be. So, it's going to be some sort of conflict between what the reinsurance wants and what the seating companies are willing to do. And -- but the driver would be the supply versus the demand. And I think -- and what I'm hearing is that there is ample supply in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar : Good morning. I apologize for dropping earlier. I wanted to dive a little bit deeper into the other liability occurrence growth in insurance. How much of that came from MC versus just organic or legacy growth?
Francois Morin : It's a good question. There was a fair amount of E&S casualty business on our kind of like is just organic, right? So that is an area of maybe the most exciting area for us. I mean, where rates are well into the double digits in terms of rate increases. So that is a very, very attractive area the MC book is split. There's some commercial multi-peril -- there's some occurrence of the liability occurrence, so it's a mixed bag. But I'd say I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but I think you should -- the takeaway is that the rate environment in that particular line of business is very, very good right now.
Yaron Kinar : Okay. And what is it about the third quarter where the environment it seems to have accelerated significantly or at least the opportunity set in other liability occurrence accelerated significantly?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : I think it's just a function of people realizing that the way they were looking at the reserves in the last few years is not exactly playing out. I think COVID for a while muted the claims. So, people kind of in my view, sitting out there to make sure they were not making their own reason. And since COVID, I think we -- we've seen some severity larger world, planted jewelry world, and we've seen -- and we've seen more places where those jewelry awards are taking place larger Europe. So, I think you have like social inflation that's driving much more severity and you have -- so frequency of places used to be County, self-test mixing border, but now you have Georgia, you have some place in Nevada, where certain juries actually, if you get code in one of these journeys, you're going to get a significantly larger work. So, I think it's a combination of frequency and severity and people realizing that they have to -- they have to stay ahead of those. And the normal reaction, which I think is the right reaction for the market has been to cut limits because if you're caught up in one of those difficult juries, you want to have small limits. And typically, when you had, I don't know, $200 million placement with 10 players and suddenly, you have 40 players to complete the placement, some of those layers going to the NS market, you're starting to see some taste increases. And that's what we're witnessing right now.
Yaron Kinar : But if I could maybe flesh this out a little more. What you're describing is not new. I mean, if we go back to previous management meetings, conferences, calls. We have been hearing management talk about this for several quarters, if not years, even in some cases. So, what's happened in this third quarter that seems to have triggered some significant change?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : I think it's just the accumulation in that people took actions, but when actuaries or management look at the chance for the business they're writing today to be profitable, they ask themselves, they need more safety margin. I think it's I think there was some rate increase double-digit trade increases 2 years or 3 years ago. Then we -- for a little while, we went to single digit, and suddenly, we are back in double digit. It tells you that there is paying in the back years of people that have written that business in the early years and in the last few years. And usually, the reaction -- it's not unusual that the reactions are more broad because at some point, management lose faith in the story they've being told, so they require more drastic actions. That's the usual playbook of how market happens.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS Financial.
Brian Meredith : Nicolas, I want to follow up on that a little, just a little bit. So, I understand what you're saying about your opportunities for growth here in some of the casualty lines. But maybe I can get your perspective a little bit more on what do you think casualty trend is? And where is it going, just because you must be pretty confident in kind of having good grasp on where casualty trend is, given that you're growing and some other are shrinking?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : Yes. So, I think, I mean, yes, it's a tale of several stories. I think -- at the bottom of the program, I think people can have a pretty good idea what your casualty trend is, whether it's mid-single digit. The issue is when you go excess. If you go in excess of $50 million, if you got excess of $100 million, that's where the trend get to multiply OpEx. And you are certainly in double digits. I think ourselves, in a way, we were lucky we didn't have a huge footprint on the casualty business, but we have enough footprint to be able to do our own analysis. And again, it’s selective. The thing to treat different class of business, different you have to be able to do really selective price increases, analysis to get comfortable that in certain jurisdictions, with certain parts of business, you think the business based on your own actual experience, the business makes sense to be returned. So, it's not -- I would not say it's a sea change that suddenly any pieces of business that come across your desk is going to be profitable. You have to be you have to be selective and have a thoughtful approach to what you want to underwrite. That's a market we are in.
Brian Meredith : Got you. And the same question, I guess, for reinsurance, right? Reinsurance you're kind of relying on the seeds?
Nicolas Papadopoulo : Yes. So again, I mean, the job of the reinsurer is still back the right companies. So, I think we are -- for a while, I think we've been really underweight on the casualty U.S. quota shares and excess of loss. And I think this dislocation in the marketplace has allowed us to get on program that we wanted to get on 2 years or 3 years ago because we like the underwriting. We like the limit discipline. We like the class of business they're right, but we couldn't get on because nobody was exceeding. So, I think we -- and I think there is some sort of a flight into quality of who is here for the long term and who is not. And I think we're benefiting from that.
Brian Meredith : Makes sense. And then, Francois, one quick one here for you on the investment portfolio. I guess, one, where are we looking at new money yields versus current book yields? And where are you deploying the assets you got out of MidCorp. Is there some more potential book yield to come out going forward?
Francois Morin : Yes. I mean, part of the transaction was certainly some of the -- a good chunk of the assets came in cash. So, our investment team has been very disciplined and thoughtful on where to put that money to work and -- but the good thing is just on money market or cash, we're still getting a decent yield. But yes, I'd say, call it, 4.5% on new money yield, I mean, as you see, the book yield and the new money yields are kind of pretty close to each other right now. We're still very short duration, very high-quality fixed income book, so that's not changing. But yes, there's certainly been, call it, the $2 billion in assets that we got we are putting that to work and trying to fit that into the portfolio as best we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker with Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker : So, I get it, there's less meaty sports talk than ever. But I was wondering, in the past, we've talked about the ROIC on the different legs of the Arch stool reinsurance, insurance mortgage. Could you review right now sort of state of the union on what the return on new capital is for the various businesses?
Francois Morin : We like all our businesses. That has not changed. The one thing that I'd say right now is -- I mean, fourth quarter, we're a little bit kind of dependent on where the market goes at 1/1. So that is Certainly, reinsurance has been just a really, really good environment for 2024, how does it play out in '25. It's still a little bit early to know for sure. We think it's going to be still a very good market. Is it going to get better to the point where we have the ability to deploy that much more capital in reinsurance, we don't know quite yet. So -- that's kind of the answer. I mean, there were a little bit wait-and-see approach in terms of how the market plays out. But again, what we talked about this morning, the growth opportunities in casualty, in particular, I think are exciting to us. So, both insurance and reinsurance, I think we're ready to play. And mortgage is -- don't want to forget about mortgage. I mean this has been a terrific engine for us. No question that the origination market is not as large as we'd like it to be, but that's okay. I mean we've got terrific earnings coming from the in-force book and we're finding other opportunities outside of primary MI in the U.S., and we're deploying the capital in the right way. So, we're very comfortable with the mix right now.
Joshua Shanker : Would it be wrong to paraphrase that reinsurance is better than insurance and mortgage, but that's pending what happens on 1/1?
Francois Morin : It's not wrong. I think it's a fair statement. It's better right now. We like to think it's going to stay better, but just don't know quite yet.
Nicolas Papadopoulo : It's a higher component -- reinsurance is a higher component of property business. So, you have to think on the half of the business is property. So, you -- it's high risk, high reward. So, I think we have -- we get better high the high return, but it's also high risk as we saw this quarter. I think the insurance work is much more heavily geared towards casualty and professional lines. So, I think it's an environment that is [indiscernible] but it's a different set of return. I think you have to balance those two. So -- and sometimes, the E in the ROE doesn't do enough of that, I think.
Joshua Shanker : And Francois, you made the comment of the origination market in mortgage isn't quite as strong as you'd like it to be. but also, Arch has lowered its market share of new business compared to where it was 3 years ago or so. If Arch wanted to ramp it up -- is there a possibility of growing that business without improvements in the origination market? Or would that cause pricing and margins to weaken in that business?
Francois Morin : Yes. It's becoming a more kind of homogeneous market, right? So, I think the risk of trying to grow market share is just as you said, I think you have to cut prices I think we've built a very resilient, very high-quality book through picking different types of loans to ensure different geographies. I think we -- I mean, we are very comfortable with what we've done. But for us to move from the, call it, 16%, 17% market share and say we want to be at 18%, 19%, 20%. Right now, we just don't see that happening because the market, I think, will just react with us, and it will just push prices down. So, I think right now, I mean, I just be surprising for us to grow our market share that significantly in the near term.
Nicolas Papadopoulo : Yes, we've asked this question all the time. And the answer is that we ended up in the worst place. I think status quo, the current status quo based on the Remember, we're dealing with monoline business. That's all what they have. So, I think, ultimately, they're going to defend their book and we'll end up in a worse place. That has been the analysis that we carried.
Joshua Shanker : Well, thank you very much for all the answers, and I'll let you go to lunch.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo?
Elyse Greenspan: I'll just shove a few more in before lunch. But my first question is on Hurricane Helene, right? I think you guys said it was 45% of cats. So, I calculate that at just over $200 million, so that's like 1.5% to 1.7% market share, given your 12 to 14 -- is that about what you would expect, I guess, for these large type events? And does that share a good frame of reference when thinking about Milton?
Francois Morin : I mean, your math is about right, but the Helene is a bit unusual for us. I mean it's a little bit on the elevated side in terms of market share based on some of the accounts we wrote Again, Milton is different because it's Florida only. So, it's -- we have a different mix of business there, a different type of accounts we write. So, I would not draw a correlation or an analogy from the lean, call it, implied market share to what Milton could look like.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then my second one, I guess, is a follow-up on reserves, right? We had another company this morning that kind of flagged they're kind of going to take an in-depth review and there might be some movement with their fourth quarter review. It sounds like from earlier questions that you guys really haven't seen like change in loss trends or actual versus expected in the third quarter versus later in the year. But is there anything, I guess, that you're concerned about or anything that's come up with the quarterly reviews that you guys are paying particular attention to will be going to the end of your review?
Francois Morin : There's nothing unusual. I mean it's something we look at all the time. The trends are relatively stable. I mean we have views going way back that the loss trends that we were seeing in the market were a bit optimistic. So, we've always taken a longer-term view of trends and we review those annually at a minimum, sometimes some twice a year. But yes, really nothing that stands out, that's, I'd say, unusual or that we're overly concerned with. I mean that's the standard kind of themes that we've been talking about for quite some time.
Elyse Greenspan: And then I might just shove one last one in there. You guys have an upcoming Investor Day in a couple of weeks. Is this -- are you going to expecting to use this to lay out bigger strategy, financial targets something on capital, I guess. Can you just give us a little bit of a preview of what you expect to talk to us about in a few weeks?
Francois Morin : We're just missing you guys in person. So that's why we schedule this. But no, I wouldn't expect anything really unusual from the upcoming Investor Day. We you've known this for a while, the strategy remains the same. Nicolas will obviously be focal point. So, we'll make sure everybody gets to hear a bit more from how we want to shape the company going forward, but I would not message or think that there's anything unusual or kind of a new regulation that you should expect to hear from us in a couple of weeks.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Nicolas Papadopoulo, for closing remarks.
Nicolas Papadopoulo : Yes. So, there's not any more questions. So, this will conclude our presentation today. And thank you for your questions, and we see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2024 Arch Capital Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the Company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the Company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliations to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in the Company's current report on Form 8-K, furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company's earnings press release and is available on the Company's website at www.archgroup.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may now begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Jericho. Good morning, and welcome to Arch's second quarter earnings call. We are pleased to report another highly profitable quarter due to significant contributions from all three underwriting segments and strong investment results. Our ability to successfully deploy capital into this extended hard market has fueled excellent risk-adjusted returns. Coupling our cycle management strategy with an emphasis on returns and consistent disciplined execution throughout the enterprise resulted in a record $762 million of underwriting income and an annualized operating ROE of 20.5%. Our results are thanks to our teams that work diligently with deep capability and a long track record of experience to earn these results. Broadly speaking, the P&C environment remains excellent, and opportunities for attractive returns are plentiful even as competition normalizes. The duration and breadth of the current hard market over the last several years has been exceptional, and while rate increases are broadly above trend, disciplined underwriting requires that we keep our eye on the primary goal, shareholder returns. An overly aggressive appetite for growth could come at a cost of eroding underwriting margins. The art of underwriting in this part of the cycle rests on one's ability to know how hard to push and when to pull back. At Arch, we strive to be an active yet disciplined market participant, practicing restraint and patience. We believe that capital allocation is one of our most powerful differentiators. Our priority is to deploy capital into our underwriting units first, where we have the knowledge and experience to better price risk. However, we are always assessing other value-creating opportunities. One example is our previously announced intent to acquire Allianz's U.S. MidCorp and Entertainment businesses. With regulatory approval on MidCorp secured, I'm able to share a few thoughts about the strategic acquisition. The addition of the talented team and their client relationships gives us a greater presence in the U.S. primary middle market while expanding our cycle management toolkit. We will have more to say about the opportunities in the middle market as we integrate our teams. I'll now take a few moments to highlight the performance of our underwriting units this past quarter. Second quarter results from our Property and Casualty segments demonstrate the benefits of our strong leadership throughout the ongoing hard market. The Reinsurance and Insurance segments combined to deliver $475 million of underwriting income and just over $5 billion of gross premium. Reinsurance generated $366 million of underwriting income, despite higher frequency of catastrophic events from secondary perils, both in the U.S. and internationally. Higher premium rates in our diversified book of business enabled us to report excellent underwriting results for the segment, which has built a resilient, stable platform. Due to our view of heightened overall storm risk this year, we chose not to grow our property cat writings at the midyear renewal. We've grown property cat meaningfully over the last few years. But as we learned during the 2002 to 2005 hard market, when there are so many good things happening across the underwriting platform, [why chase] returns and cat exposure at the risk of being unlucky. Property in general is very well priced. We just want to have the right balance across our portfolio. As you have heard from others, casualty lines remain an area of interest that we will continue to monitor as we observe rate increases and ongoing reserve strengthening taking place across the industry. Our Insurance segment contributed $109 million of underwriting income in the quarter. Net written premium growth was 7% this quarter compared to the second quarter a year ago. We meaningfully grew premiums in our programs business and in E&S casualty where rates are improving. In a more competitive market, it's important to be able to quickly reallocate capital to the best relative return opportunities as we have done in the past and remain well equipped to do in future quarters. Our international insurance unit continues to benefit from its position as a lead underwriter at Lloyd's, where a disciplined market is providing attractive growth opportunities in specialty lines. Moving on to P&C and into our Mortgage business. At the risk of repeating myself, the consistently excellent underwriting income delivered by our Mortgage segment quarter-over-quarter provides significant value for our shareholders by producing a solid base of sustained earnings. MI underwriting has been solid across the industry since 2009, and the current environment is one that rewards the MI companies underwriting the risk. This quarter, the Mortgage segment generated $287 million of underwriting income while increasing new insurance written at the U.S. by 12% from the same quarter a year ago. The delinquency rate at U.S. MI remains low compared to historical norms and the credit quality of our portfolio remains high with policyholders and strong equity positions. We are pleased to have successfully closed our acquisition of RMIC in the second quarter. Although no new business comes with this run-up block is emblematic of our ongoing pursuit of finding profitable opportunities in which we can deploy capital. Primarily due to strong cash flows generated by our underwriting operations, our investments portfolio increased to $37.8 billion, generating $364 million of net investment income in the quarter as higher yields continue to move through our portfolio. The eyes of the world are focused on Paris this week as the Olympics get into full swing. One of the toughest events in the decathlon and all around athletic tests featuring 10 events over a range of disciplines, spread over two days. The decathlon is an incredible physical and mental test that requires maximum performance in every event. At the end of the two days, points for all 10 events are totaled up and the individual with the most points is the winner. Similar to a decathlon, in the dynamic insurance market, the ability to perform at a consistently high level across the enterprise is crucial for long-term success, and Arch is built to excel across a multi-disciplined market. Our capital allocation helps ensure that we can focus on the lines that give us the best chance to score points. The first event in the decathlon is 100-meter sprint, and our ability to get out of the gates quickly at the beginning of this hard market position us to score early. Since then, our P&C and Mortgage teams have been racking up lots of points, adding our investments team clearing the bar in the pole vault, and we have an all-around performance that puts us in serious contention for the gold medal, as you would expect from a world-class leadership team. Before I hand it over to Francois, I need to mention the passing of our friend, Dinos, this past June. Dinos was not only an industry legend, he was also a mentor and tremendous leader who steered this company for over 15 years. Dinos led these earnings calls with his keen insights, principle beliefs and trademark humor. He was truly one of a kind. So tonight, please raise a glass, be it Ouzo or Retsina or anything of your choosing to Dinos. You are missed my friend. Francois?
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. As you know by now, we reported excellent second quarter results last night with after-tax operating income of $2.57 per share, up 34% from the second quarter of 2023 for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 20.5%. Book value per share was $52.75 as of June 30, up 6.9% for the quarter and 12.4% on a year-to-date basis. Once again, our three business segments delivered outstanding results, highlighted by $762 million in underwriting income and a 78.7% combined ratio, 76.7% on an underlying ex cat accident year basis. We continue to benefit from strong market conditions across our businesses as the pricing environment remains disciplined, giving us confidence in our ability to generate solid returns over the coming quarters. Our underwriting income reflected $124 million of favorable prior development on a pretax basis or 3.5 points on the combined ratio across our three segments. We recognize favorable development across many lines of business, but primarily in short tail lines in our Property and Casualty segments and in Mortgage due to strong cure activity. Catastrophe loss activity was in line with our expectations as we were impacted by a series of events across the globe, generating current accident year catastrophe losses of $196 million for the group in the quarter. Approximately 70% of our catastrophe losses this quarter are related to U.S. secondary perils with the rest coming from a series of international events. As of July 1, our peak zone natural cat PML for a single event one-in-250-year return level on a net basis declined slightly and now stands at 7.9% of tangible shareholders' equity, well below our internal limits. For the Mortgage segment, since this is the first quarter end since we acquired RMIC Companies, Inc. and the subsidiaries that together comprised a runoff mortgage insurance business of Old Republic, there are certain items that I'd like to highlight. First, the acquired book of business represented $3.6 billion or a 1.2% increase to our U.S. primary mortgage insurance in force at the end of the quarter. Second, given the risk and forces from older vintages and has been in runoff since 2011, its makeup resulted in an incremental 19 basis points to our reported delinquency rate at U.S. MI. Absent this transaction, our reported delinquency rate would have improved slightly since last quarter. On the investment front, we earned a combined $531 million pretax from net investment income and income from funds accounted using the equity method or $1.39 per share. Total return for the portfolio came in at 1.33% for the quarter. Cash flow from operations remained strong. And a $3.1 billion on a year-to-date basis, we have seen material growth in our investable asset base, which should result in an increasing level of investment income. Our effective tax rate on a pretax operating income was an expense of 9.5% for the second quarter, with our current expected range of 9% to 11% for the full-year 2024. As disclosed last week, we now expect an August 1 close of the transaction to acquire the U.S. MidCorp and Entertainment insurance businesses from Allianz. At this time, we do not have new information to share on the estimated financial impact of the transaction beyond what we provided in early April. Starting next quarter, we expect to update this information to help in developing a forward-looking view of the insurance segment's results, including this new business. All in, our balance sheet is in excellent health with our common shareholders' equity approaching $20 billion, a net debt plus preferred to capital ratio was slightly above 15%. We are well positioned to take advantage of opportunities that may arise as we move forward. Before I conclude my remarks, I also wanted to take a moment to build on Marc's comments and share a word of sincere appreciation for the impact Dinos had on Arch, its employees and many others across the industry. While he will certainly be remembered for his energetic personality and his ability to captivate an audience, we are truly grateful for his guidance, vision and leadership during his career at Arch. Thank you, Dinos. Marc?
Marc Grandisson: Now, so we don't keep anyone from their lunch, which we know is very important to Dinos. Onto your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question, I guess, is on the insurance side, right? Marc, I think it's been since probably late October of last year with Q3 earnings, you were kind of leading the industry in terms of talking about this casualty market turn. And it's been slow to evolve, maybe it's in line with your expectations, but it just seems it's been slow to get price through those lines. How do you see that transpiring from here relative to price increases in casualty lines?
Marc Grandisson: Well, like I said – well, good morning, Elyse. I think the point we made last quarter, the quarter before is that the casualty turn and realizing actually how much well or bad you're doing in casualty line takes a while. It has a tail to it. It could take five or six years. So I think we're seeing the – we start to see the early signs of more recent years being a bit more impacted by the inflation that we saw of late. And I think that it will take a while. People are trying to adjust. We're trying to look at the numbers in the triangles that are actually not as good as they used to be. So there's a lot of uncertainty in the space. And I think it will take us several quarters to come to a more stable or a better view of the industry. So the last hard market in casualty started to turn in 2000. And it took until about 2004 to really see the impact and sort of running out of – having to price and rate increase after that point. So it takes several years. Unlike the property cat right at least 2022 something happened at the bottom in the fall, will right away that people are adjusting because the cost of goods sold or losses are known. So this is not surprising to me. I'm expecting a bit more – we're expecting a bit more. We're seeing it through our reinsurance emissions. I think people are slowly, but surely recognizing some of these bad years, but it takes a while.
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of just on the insurance side, as you think the underlying, I guess, margin, right, kind of low 90s in the quarter, given your views about price and loss trend, does that feel like kind of the run rate level from here?
Marc Grandisson: Well, as you know, Elyse, we report the numbers as we see it based on the data that we see. That sort of seems to be the emerging sort of rough average over the last couple of years. There's also a mix going on, Elyse. So things are shifting, as you know, from time to time. So it's hard to compare combined ratio. But right now, based on where we are, it's well within the expectation of getting the returns. And our returns on insurance, we believe are in excess of our long-term target.
Elyse Greenspan: And then the mortgage releases have held steady, Q2 was above the Q1 level. Can you just provide, Francois, maybe a little bit more color on what's going on there and how we could kind of think about run rate level of potential releases within the MI book?
Francois Morin: Great question. I think – I mean, I and many others have been wrong about taking a forward-looking view of releases on – or favorable development on mortgage in general. I think, right, stepping back, I'd say that early in 2020 – late 2022, early 2023, we are more cautious about the state of the economy and took a view about new notices and average reserves that we are attaching to these notices that was a bit more that didn't turn out to be the case, right? They turnout to be better than what we had expected at that time. The fact that we just had another quarter of more – better cure activity. I don't think a lot of these cures this quarter were related to the 2023 accident year. So we're more positive, I think, I'd say in general about the housing market. So the level of reserving that we're attaching to the new delinquencies is a bit lower than it was a year ago. So maybe directionally, we would not expect to have the same level of reserve releases going forward. But again, not knowing for sure how quickly people are going to cure unemployment, et cetera, I mean, that will be – that will have an impact on the level of reserve releases.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks for the color.
Francois Morin: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: Hi. So first, just a question on reserves. You had favorable development overall, and so did many of your peers. But a lot of the competitors had adverse development in casualty for both older and recent years. It doesn't seem like you had that, but maybe you could go into detail a little bit on the development in the second quarter. And then also, why do you feel that you're not as susceptible as some of the competitors do all the casualty issues, either in your book or maybe in the Watford block that you inherited?
Francois Morin: Yes. Let me take a stab on that. I'm sure Marc will have something to add. I'd say on the part two your question, Jimmy, I'd say the book of business that we have is – I wouldn't call it a standard commercial general liability book of business that some other competitors have. We don't write a whole lot of commercial auto, for example. So that's another line of business that's been a difficult line to get a good handle on the trends and how inflation has picked up in there. So the books that we have in general liability, a, I think, are smaller. Certainly, we think, underweight in those lines of business. Roughly speaking, our insurance book is like, call it, less than 15% what we consider to be of our overall premium, what we consider to be traditional casualty in the GL lines of business. So the mix matters. Certainly, the areas where we write, the business matters. I mean we have an international book within that. So it's not only U.S. where I think we've seen more pain. And then in terms of the favorable – the movements in the quarter, I think, yes, in aggregate, we were favorable, mostly in the short-tail lines. On the longer tail lines, which is primarily GL, I think we were pretty flat. I think it's something we look at carefully. Some noise here and there. But collectively, in aggregate, we're very comfortable with the level of reserves. And so far, our numbers are holding up pretty well.
Marc Grandisson: And what I would add to what Francois just said, and as you know, Jimmy, we're a cycle manager. We also didn't write as much in even the year that we believe are now still very soft year. So that also prevents you from having to – to having outsized no surprise.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then on a different topic, your capital is building up pretty nicely, and I'm assuming it's enough to fund your growth. And you have done a couple of acquisitions. But how do you think about buybacks or potentially instituting a dividend, given the capital levels that you have?
Francois Morin: Yes. I mean that – the philosophy has not changed, right? I'd say, certainly, we are on track to close the Allianz acquisition tomorrow, so that will certainly be a draw on that capital base that we have. We are also entering the active wind season, so we'll want to take a look at what – how that develops. But absolutely, going forward, the fact that we historically have been very – I think, very good stewards of capital, we like to deploy it in the business where we can. But if there are no opportunities beyond what we – what's in front of us, in the coming months, we'll do what we've always done is return that capital, and it could be in the form of share buybacks or dividends or any other method.
Jamminder Bhullar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: Yes, thank you very much. So Marc, sometime in the past, I think one thing you said to me was that the big surprise was from the hard market of 2024 that pricing stayed good for a lot longer than we thought it would, and we pulled back too early. I mean, clearly, you're not pulling back here, but the growth has decelerated a great deal. Given that you have that 2020 hindsight, how are you looking at this market opportunity and how long it might last compared with what you know from the past?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Well, first, Josh, is I'd probably raised my memory what we did wrong in 2004 and 2005, but thanks for reminding me. What I would tell you, Josh, is we talk about this at underwriting meetings. Our underwriters and our underwriting executives are acutely aware of that phenomenon. We also have to remind ourselves that pricing is going up as we talked about, specifically non-casualty, which seems to be the more acute area. I think it will take a longer time to go down or it takes longer to take down, right. It goes up in an elevator and goes on an escalator. So that's probably why we would expect the market to be. I think we're aware of this. Now we have more data, we have more experience, we have an existing platform, underwriters. Many of them have been there through those years. So very confident that we will be more judicious, if you will, in terms of holding the line when the market gets a little bit softer. In terms of growth, we still have like close to 11% growth in P&C, which is a big feat. It's still – it's a very, very good growth. But as I said in my comments, and you probably heard already, Josh, the market is a little bit more reaching equilibrium in terms of supply and demand for the risk. So the question that we have to ask ourselves all the time is, if we push too hard, we might dilute the broader margin and return expectations in the marketplace. So we take this. And not only us, by the way, I think the market is broadly very, very widely behaving the same way. People want to make sure that they get it right and nobody wants to be the first one running out and doing something that will probably jeopardize or not jeopardize, but maybe take down the returns expectations. So it's just that kind of the market, Josh. The equilibrium on the supply and demand for capacity is just coming back more to a more normal level. It's still on the side of the underwriters, but it's clearly moving in a more equilibrium state.
Joshua Shanker: And then continuing on the thought [indiscernible] Jimmy asked. I have a very crude capital model, and I wouldn't recommend anyone else use it. But it does seem like at the pace that the premium is decelerating, you're going to be sitting on some sizable excess capital in a fairly short order. Can you – I guess, talk a little bit about how the Allianz transaction uses capital that might be incorrect? My assumption that it may be – that may be a source that's really causing capital plug there. Or additionally, am I correct that you have at the kind of trajectory, a real capital buildup that's going to need to be utilized in short order?
Francois Morin: Well, I mean, first, on the Allianz transaction, we disclosed that we were – the rough numbers of capital that we were going to deploy in that transaction is $1.8 billion, which is the premium we're paying to acquire the asset and also the capital that we need to deploy to support the LPT that's coming our way immediately and then the ramp-up of the new business or the renewals that will end up on our balance sheet. So sizable number. And that is so far – I mean, as far as we know, I mean, there's – things are on track to be kind of at that level. To your point, yes, we – I mean, returns have been excellent, and we're very – we're proud of that. But we're not going to accumulate capital just that we can't deploy forever. So the reality is if you give us another couple of quarters maybe, but I mean, we'll definitely have a better view of where things stand by later this year. And then Marc has been talking about the casualty can pick up potentially. So if that accelerates in the third and fourth quarters and early next year, then we want to have the capital ready to deploy there. So that's certainly how we think about a big picture, but it's an ongoing discussion we have here.
Joshua Shanker: All right. Thank you for the answers. Have a good day.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, you too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski from BMO.
Michael Zaremski: Thanks. I'll keep with the theme on casualty and social inflation, especially since we do value your thoughts on this. I guess, can you remind us, two part, I believe you've said in the past that Arch's casualty reserve reviews are more geared towards the summer months. And related, now that you've been studying your book and the industry a little bit more. I recall last year, not just – and Marc, you had said, but others have said too that they thought that the casualty pressures would be more large accounts kind of than small accounts. But the data we see so far appears to be that the small account players have really added to the reserves more so. So I don't know if there's any thoughts there? Thanks.
Marc Grandisson: I'll start with the second part of your question. You're exactly right. I think that I said that the large accounts, there are at the ground zero for pressure points on the losses because they're deeper pockets, right? They are larger limits, bigger enterprises, more complex cases and more attractive to the plaintiff lawyers. But you're right, we've seen, as well as everyone else, pressure building commercial auto as well, even of all sizes also going through a similar process. And it impacts, obviously, the umbrella portfolio. But you're quite right. We're sort of a second round sort of the rippling effect starting in ground zero, which is always a larger account, and it's sort of slowly, but surely ripples through the market, and we're starting to see this impact on the smaller packages as well. Smaller policies as well have lower limits. So it's probably easier – well, it seems to be currently in the space, you heard this too, I'm sure, the $1 million limit is what it used to be. So there's probably more of a pressure to pay the full limit as opposed to before maybe the industry was more willing to fight or push back. But again, the $1 million because of all the inflation has changed. In terms of reserve review, I'll say it, but we do a quarterly review of our reserving of every line of business that we do. Our actuaries review it every single time. And we have a change of loss ratio that we get reported on every line of business and sub-line quarterly for all the units that we look at. The one thing that we have as an added benefit at Arch is we have also – we have the insurance group and the reinsurance company, so we're able to compare at the high level of the holding company, Francois and I, as to what the trends are developing and what they're looking like. So it's a constant – I think what we used – what we may have said to you is we used to do an annual trend analysis. Now it's becoming a twice-a-year analysis, and it might accelerate as well. And I would assume that most people are using the same frequency because as we talk about all the time, reserving feed into pricing.
Francois Morin: Yes. The one quick thing just to add on reserving, we monitor actual versus expected experience quarterly. That's a big part of the process. And not only do we do it against our own expectations but we monitor against our external actuaries expectations. So we got two views of how independent groups of actuaries think business or the reserves should develop over time. And that certainly informs the action we take every quarter. And to Marc's point, that's done in all the business units regularly.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. Understood. And just last quickly on catastrophe levels. I think you guys are more open than others on "normal." The Reinsurance segment cat ratio – the load ratio this quarter, is that kind of normal-ish since you guys have grown into property over the years?
Marc Grandisson: I think – yes. No, I think – no, again, repeating what we said before, and it's always hard to appreciate from your perspective, I'm sure, is that the Reinsurance has more volatility into it. So we tend to look at this on a longer-term average. So sometimes, we have a quarter – I remind everyone here, sometimes we have a quarter where the combined – the current accident year, ex-cap combined ratio and reinsurance goes up a little bit and people say it's a trend, but it's very hard to see this in Reinsurance. Sometimes it's above, sometimes it's below. I think this quarter, frankly, we had no lower attritional losses across the Reinsurance portfolio. And this is what – this what explains that. But if you look on a 12-month basis, it's not as drastic of a move.
Francois Morin: Yes. I'd add to that also, the cat load that we reported or we kind of quoted earlier this year, I mean, we have a view on seasonality when these losses may or may not hit. I mean it's imprecise. Does it happen second quarter? Does it happen third quarter? It's a little bit of a – there's historical data to support that. But big picture, again, what we experienced this quarter was not unexpected. Was not – it was very much within what we thought was reasonable given the growth in the size of the book, the fact that it's broader, it's not only U.S., a lot of international and the different types of exposures that we reinsure primarily, yes.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And I'll sneak one last quickly on Mortgage just on a macro perspective. Would – if home price appreciation continues at a healthy pace or I guess, resumes at healthy pace with that, is that any factor in kind of the reserve release as maybe it was unexpected? Is there anything there from a very high level we can think about?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it would, right? Because by virtue of having house price appreciation, you therefore increase your equity in your home. And the equity in the home is by far the lag thereof is a leading indicator as to whether you're going to have a foreclosure or a loss in your policy. And most of the policies, even if you had another 3% to 4%, whatever we're expecting, next year maybe 4.5% of HPA appreciation, the equity were built. And what happens – and it's very simple, right? The reason why equity matters is because, well, if you're running into trouble, the divorce, you're losing your job, you don't want to lose the equity in the home, you can just turn around and sell it to somebody else and then recapture at least a portion, if not all of the equity that you've built into it that something that people will do in and that the healthy market supply and demand market is such that you'll be able to sell your home with – and capture that equity even after some expenses. So that's what happens on HPA. If it goes too wild like it did in 2007, 2008, but it got into trouble for different reasons altogether. I think the credit space and the weighted mortgages have been originated over the last several years. HPA going up right now would be helpful. It's definitely helpful for us as an MI provider.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore.
David Motemaden: Good morning. I had a question on the underlying loss ratio in the insurance business. It was up a little bit year-over-year. That's despite having a higher mix of short tail business within the earned premium mix. Could you maybe talk about what was driving the loss ratio up year-on-year? And was that conservatism you guys are baking in on the casualty lines? Or a little bit of color there would be helpful?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. It's a pretty small increase. And this is – we don't want to ascribe any more precision to those numbers. They're judgment call quite often times. I think it's just a reflection of the mix and perhaps one on the business, the actuaries may take a little bit more of a conservative or a prudent stance and put a bit more – increase the loss ratio for a certain year or certain line of business or product line. That's really all there is to it. I think the variability around this even on an insurance level, we're a specialty writer. So there's a lot of things going on all at once in our portfolio. It's not very – it's not as predictive, I guess, as we wish we could be. But this is also why we believe we can attract higher returns because there's a lot more uncertainty in selecting the loss ratio pick. I would just attribute it to noise that happens from time to time as well as mix. Francois, anything to add?
Francois Morin: Good. Yes.
David Motemaden: Great. Thanks. And then Francois, you had mentioned the actual to expected. Wondering if we could just get a little bit more color on that for the quarter? And then if you guys have changed your view of expected losses, just given it appears like claims payment patterns have been extending. So I'm wondering if that's been reflected as well in your expected – expectations?
Francois Morin: Yes. I think the A versus C work, it's done by line, by year. So yes, there's pockets where – I mean, it's puts and takes, right. There's some that we run favorable, some that there could be a year for when claim shows up and it's going to show adverse. But both quarter-to-date and year-to-date, in aggregate, both by segment, we are running ahead of expectations, which we didn't take the full credit for that. Some of that favorable experience is showing up in their actually favorable prior year development. But the indications are giving us a lot of comfort that our reserve base and our reserve levels are adequate to pay the claims. Absolutely, your question on patterns, that is – I mean, there's a good attempt – good-faith attempt to adjust the patterns with the experience that we have. Again, both internally and the advice or the opinions we get from external actuaries. So that's factored into the expectations that claims may be – may take longer to develop. And we understand that it's an evolving situation. I mean that seems that the patterns are changing over time, but that is fully kind of considered in those numbers.
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Lederer with Citigroup.
Charles Lederer: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Definitely, I heard Marc's comments on the reasons for the flattening out of property cat growth. Would you say the weather forecast had an impact on that? And could you – could we see you reverse course and reaccelerate if pricing is still good in 1/1 and you have a better view of how much of the MidCorp business you're keeping?
Marc Grandisson: I'm going to say this is one of the easiest answer, yes and yes to both of your questions, yes and yes. Yes, yes, we believe we took a conviction that there was a heightened – higher likelihood of frequency of events. And you're right, and it could change. This will be a short-term perspective, and this will help inform whatever new vision or new projection and new belief we have will help us make a decision as we get into 1/1 2025 after the wind season is over. Mind you, the business is still very good even with our increased frequency. So it's still a very, very good book of business. We just wanted to have the right balance.
Charles Lederer: Got it. Thank you. And then, I guess, I'm wondering if you guys have your arms wrapped around the CrowdStrike cyber event yet. And if you can help us frame what the losses might be? And if you see any impact on the cyber pricing environment coming out of it?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, well, on the CrowdStrike, I mean we're still gathering information on our units, want to figure out what's out there and it's not only the – necessarily the cyber, but there might be some other lines of business. So we're just going through it as we speak. It's still kind of hard to disentangle. I mean some people are claiming some losses. They're not insured. So there's a lot of things going on. I think we tend to agree broadly with the market view that $500 million, $600 million to $1.2 billion. That's sort of – it's still a wide range at this point in time. It's going to take a while to know how it develops. I think I would want to – I mean it's not a big number in terms of loss ratio points for all the premium worldwide for cyber, but it's certainly a reminder that there's risk in the portfolio. And it's early now, we haven't seen them any renewals, but I would expect rates could still go down a little bit, but probably not as fast as they were going down. And people are going to probably take a bit of a more of a pause, if you will, to evaluate what it looks like. It can go either way, right? If CrowdStrike does not create a big loss, that might reinforce to believe that it's not as risky. Although, having that event, which was not malicious, happened out of nowhere, and we were all like out of – unable to work for a day, I think it's a good reminder of people that there's still uncertainty and there's some loss potential there.
Charles Lederer: Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from TD Securities.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey. Thank you. Good morning.
Marc Grandisson: Good morning.
Andrew Kligerman: So I was interested in the net written premium there in professional lines. It looked like you were pretty much flattish this quarter year-over-year at $345 million. Could you share some of the puts and takes? Was public D&O awful lot? Did you see a pickup or a decrease in cyber? What were some of the big lines? And how do they move?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, there's a lot of things in the professional lines. It's kind of hard to disentangle from your perspective. But at a high level, D&O, we're reacting to what's out there. We're still maintaining our positioning. Cyber, we're still making exposure. Rates still go down, so that would go the other way. Health care, we like a lot. So we've grown that book of business. This is within the professional lines. And there's been some re-underwriting of some areas, if you will, at a high level that were not performing as well. So there's a lot of things going on all at once. I think what you're seeing, it was not the 300 – the flattish number is really a sum total of many decisions that were independent from one another. That's really what you can read into this.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And along the same lines in reinsurance, property ex catastrophe, it was up quite a bit at $585 million versus $457 million last year. What did you like in the property area in reinsurance?
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's – in there, there's a lot of different lines, but there's a lot of quota share, some risk excess. We also have a facultative book in there as well. And all these units are taking advantage of the hard market still to this day and picking their spots. And we think the return expectations is not as cat exposed within – there is some cat exposure there, obviously. But we believe the returns are just very, very accretive and very, very favorable. Some of them are opportunistic by nature, right? We might be doing a specific deal in some specific payroll because we think the market is hard as we speak. So some of that was also factored in our writing. So it's a really broad line of business. As you can see, we love that line. We love the opportunities there. It's a little bit more complicated, I would say, to underwrite than a property cat – pure property cat book of business, but we've had the expertise and the knowledge and the willingness to do this for a long time, and we're – we really like to – we'd like to be exposed and do more of that line of business in that current return expectations.
Francois Morin: Yes. And I'll add to that quickly. Just on the accounting side, it's important to remember that the property cat line of business is mostly on an XOL basis where we write all the premium on day one versus this property other than property cat line where the component that is on a quota share basis, the premium is written evenly throughout the exposure period. So they could very well be – there's accounts that we wrote at 1/1, for example, that the ramp-up of that premium is taking place over the four quarters of 2024 as we write the premium. So a little bit of a different kind of accounting policy on those types of reinsurance agreements, and that certainly has an impact on how it shows up in the quarterly numbers.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And if I could just sneak one quick one in on the insurance line, the expense ratio picked up by 70 basis points. Should we be thinking about the expense ratio being slightly more elevated as you take on the Allianz book and invest there?
Francois Morin: Well, the investments that we made through this quarter are not related to that, right? So they are other opportunities, other efforts that we have underway that were predictive analytics, some tech companies that we've invested in. So we feel it's the right time for us to make those investments given how strong the returns are. And we'll see how those develop over time, maybe they slow down the road. But for now, we're very comfortable with the level of investments we're making. In terms of Allianz, just we'll give you more information as we move forward, but there will certainly be some integration expenses that will come through in the insurance segment, specifically going forward. Some of those expenses that will be kind of onetime, and we'll probably report those as part of a transaction cost and others. So that will clarify that for everybody once we close and after we have a time to – some time to digest it. But yes, the investments so far this quarter are for other initiatives.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thanks. A couple of them for you guys. The first, I'm just curious, do you all still stand by the three-year payback period for share buyback when it comes to book value dilution?
Francois Morin: That has been our practice. It's not a hard and fast rule. I think it's been the practice historically. But again, that's part of the framework of how we evaluate kind of various alternatives. Could we think about extending the payback at some point? And the answer is maybe.
Brian Meredith: Got you. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, I guess, my next question, thinking about M&A here, it looks like you probably have the financial capacity to still do a reasonable amount of M&A. But do you have the kind of, call it, management and strategic – or call it, management capacity at this point as you're integrating the Allianz business or Fireman's Fund business over the next, call it, six to 12 months to do anything? You're going to kind of take a pause here for a while?
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think, Brian, it's also dependent on the opportunity that we have ahead of us, and we can certainly attract people to help us do any other integration. We have a team between us leading the effort on Allianz also were instrumental in integrating guaranteed way back in 2017, 2018. So we have already some good experience there. So I think we have enough bandwidth for what we're doing now quickly. And if something were to happen right, Francois, was really accretive and interesting, we would find a way to do this. I think that we're not there to work at the time. If something is very favorable to us, we'll expand the effort and the work that needs to get this done.
Francois Morin: I mean these opportunities were – I mean, actually geography-specific and segment specific. So the Allianz acquisition is purely insurance North America. So that absolutely has taken center stage. But if we were to do some other M&A in other parts of the world in the reinsurance segment, that could be a different team most likely that would contribute.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. And then one other just quick one. I know you don't give us some numbers on the Allianz thing. But is there any color you can give us with respect to how does it add to your PMLs as we think about it going forward? Just looking at the map you provided us, it looks like there's a decent amount of business in kind of cat-exposed areas?
Francois Morin: Not materially because it's not as much in our peak zone. The book is more diversified, more Midwest, more California, less Florida, which is our peak zone. So in terms of the 1-in-250, marginal impact.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks so much. Two quick questions. First, Marc, I think you and Francois both mentioned the elevated frequency predictions for not growing cat premium. Was there any reshaping of the portfolio to move further away from frequency events?
Marc Grandisson: No, I think that if you look at a high level, I think our exposure was – is more stable. It may have grown a little bit even on a gross basis, but what happened is we just shaped it through retrocession purchases. That's really what we did. And that's how we got back to a more reasonable and more acceptable level of PML.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. And second, just sort of for the most recent or up-to-date events, as we've seen more capital markets activity comes back – come back and we've seen that being blamed for pressure on public D&O pricing. Are you seeing any inflection that coincides with recovering activity?
Marc Grandisson: Not really. I mean the third-party capital that we hear – again, even those third parties, there's a healthy level of rationality in the behavior. So we haven't seen, like I said before, crazy players or mavericks in the marketplace. It's a pretty well-behaved marketplace.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you very much.
Marc Grandisson: Sure, Meyer.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. Would you like to proceed with any further remarks?
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much, everyone. We'll talk to you again in October.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2024 Arch Capital Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management will also make reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliations to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K, furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website at www.archgroup.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin. Marc Grandisson Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Arch's First Quarter Earnings Call. We are pleased to report a terrific start to the year. In the first quarter, we posted $736 million in underwriting income and a 5.2% increase in book value per share as we realized the benefits from several years of strong and profitable premium growth. Underwriters in our P&C units continued to lean into hard market conditions, writing $5.6 billion of gross premium in the quarter, a 26% increase from the same quarter last year. Overall, rate changes are exceeding loss trends, and absolute returns remain above our long-term targets, positive indicators in our continued efforts to deliver superior results to our shareholders. Broadly, we are seeing incremental signs of increased underwriting appetite in the market, but this is not surprising, given the favorable conditions that exist. It is still an underwriter's market where Arch can thrive. At the beginning of this hard market, as other providers pull back, Arch sought to establish itself as a key trading partner, aiming to solidify relationships and remain top of mind when it comes to addressing our clients' increased needs. Our success in establishing deeper client connections continues to pay dividends in this extended, yet increasingly competitive hard market. The first quarter served as a reminder of our risky world when an active catastrophe quarter concluded with a major industry loss, as the Dali cargo ship collided with the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore. Although we recognized a loss related to this event, the virtue of having multiple lines of business with improved and positive expected margins, made this event manageable for Arch. Incidents like this reinforce the importance of our core tenants. One, we practice disciplined underwriting that builds a meaningful margin of safety into our pricing. Two, we take a long-term view of risk and a conservative approach to reserving. And three, we operate a diversified global business that we believe maximizes our total return by mitigating volatility in any one line of business. Capital management has been a key differentiator for Arch and is integral to how we operate our company. Effective capital management requires that we allocate resources to the most profitable underwriting opportunities, while retaining the flexibility to invest in our platform when we find attractive opportunities. One of those prospects came to fruition earlier this month, when we announced our intent to acquire Allianz's US. middle market and entertainment businesses. We see this as a unique opportunity to quickly build scale in the $100 billion-plus US. middle market, a long-term strategic area of underwriting interest for us. Increasing our middle market presence will further diversify our North American insurance platform by adding stable businesses with recurring premiums that can generate attractive returns over the cycle. As a cycle manager, we like having many ponds to fish in, and this acquisition will significantly expand our opportunities in the middle market pond for years to come. I'll now share a few highlights from our segments. As you know, The Property and Casualty market cycle is evolving, but still offers attractive growth opportunities at good returns, particularly for our skilled specialty underwriters, who can use their expertise and experience to differentiate Arch. The first quarter results from our Reinsurance segment were outstanding. Underwriting income for the segment was $379 million, while gross premium written grew by 41% over the same quarter last year. While there is some developing competition, we're observing an increased flight to quality and fully expect to capitalize on that trend as the cycle ages. Our Reinsurance segment is in an enviable position. The in-force book constructed over the last several years is strong and allows us to exercise our underwriting acumen. When opportunities emerge, whether from dislocation in the casualty market or by offering value that others cannot, Arch is there to provide solutions and financial strength to its clients. In our Insurance segment, growth tapered from the highs of the past few years as rate increases slowed and some of the dislocations were met by additional capacity. Overall, conditions remained strong and the market is behaving rationally, two important factors that continue to support growth and strong profit. In the first quarter, we fund growth opportunities in several lines, including Property and Casualty E&S and other specialty lines. Across most of our specialty lines, pricing remains very healthy, and we are able to deploy capital in order to deliver attractive returns above our long-term target of 15%. Like Reinsurance, our Insurance segment has made strong efforts to establish itself as a first-choice provider for its clients, and that manifests in seeing more opportunities. In life, you have to play to win, and in insurance, if you don't see the business, you can't write it. And now let's pivot from P&C to Mortgage, which to borrow from a famous ad campaign just keeps on going and going and going. Our Mortgage segment continues to generate solid underwriting income and risk-adjusted returns from its high-quality portfolio. While Mortgage originations remain tempered by high mortgage interest rates, the persistency of our in-force book remains a healthy 83.6%, while the delinquency rate is near all-time lows. New insurance written is in line with our appetite given market conditions. When the mortgage market picks up again, we're prepared to increase our production. However, if the status quo persists, we're content with our current situation that has extended the duration over which we earn mortgage insurance premium. Competition within the MI industry remains disciplined, which means we are in a good place. Finally, our Investments portfolio grew to $35.9 billion, generating $327 million of net investment income in the quarter. The extraordinary premium growth from our P&C segments continues to increase our float, which provides a significant tailwind to our overall earnings through the next several quarters. In the US, the NFL conducted its annual draft this past weekend. Traditionally, the team that finished last season with the worst record gets the first pick, a chance to select the best college player, while the champions pick last. The player selected with the top picks are expected to be immediate difference makers, even though they are typically selected by a team with multiple deficiencies, making success far from guaranteed. If you're a talented quarterback has nobody to throw the ball to, it can ruin the player's confidence, and the pressure can quickly sabotage a career. Compare this with teams drafting at the end of the round coming off successful seasons with talented rosters in place. They often have the luxury of selecting an excellent player who doesn't need to contribute right away. Instead, these teams select players who can fill a specific short-term role and be given time to grow into a difference maker. Our acquisition of the Allianz MidCorp business is like adding a solid player to a winning team. We already have established all-stars, a winning talent-dense culture in a favorable schedule in the years ahead. Adding the MidCorp team to our diversified franchise makes us better today and tomorrow, and that's a winning proposition. I'll now turn it over to Francois to provide some more color on our financial results from the quarter, and then we'll return to take your questions. Francois?
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. As you will have seen, we started out 2024 on a very strong note, with after-tax operating income of $2.45 per share for the quarter for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 20.7%. Book value per share was $49.36 as of March 31, up 5.2% for the quarter. Our excellent performance was again the result of outstanding results across our three business segments, highlighted by $736 million in underwriting income. We delivered exceptional net premium written growth across our Reinsurance segment, a 31% increase over the first quarter of 2023, driven by strong business flow in all our lines of business. Growth was also solid for our Insurance segment, 12% after adjusting for the impact of a large nonrecurring transaction we underwrote in the first quarter last year in our warranty and lenders business unit. Overall, the combined ratio from the group came in at an excellent 78.8%. Our underwriting income reflected $126 million of favorable prior year development on a pretax basis or 3.7 points on the combined ratio across our three segments. We observed favorable development across many units, but primarily in short-tail lines in our Property and Casualty segments and in Mortgage due to strong cure activity. The collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore last month, has the potential to become the largest insured marine event in history. Both our Insurance and Reinsurance segments were exposed to this disaster, and our current estimates represent an impact of 2.1 and 3.0 points, respectively, on the combined ratio in these segments results this quarter. We note that the losses for this event were reported as non-catastrophe losses in our ratios. Catastrophe loss activity was relatively subdued and below our expectations across our portfolio, with a series of smaller events generating current accident year catastrophe losses of $58 million for the group in the quarter. Overall, our underlying ex cat combined ratio remained excellent with the increase this quarter relative to the last few quarters, mostly due to the Baltimore Bridge collapse. Despite the impact of this event, our current quarter ex cat combined ratio still improved by 1.4 points from a year ago, as a result of earned rate changes above our loss trend in our P&C businesses and lower expense ratios mostly from the growth in our premium base. These benefits were slightly offset by investments we continue to make in people, data and analytics and technology to improve the quality and resilience of our platform going forward. From a modeling perspective, I'd also like to remind everyone that our operating expense ratios are typically at their highest in the first quarter of the year due to seasonality and compensation expenses, including equity-based grants for retirement eligible employees that were made in March. As of April 1, our peak zone natural cat PML for a single event, one in 250-year return level on a net basis remained basically flat from January 1, but declined relative to our capital to 9.0% of tangible shareholders' equity, well below our internal limits. On the Investment front, we earned a combined $426 million pretax from net Investment income and income from funds accounted using the equity method or $1.12 per share. Total return for the portfolio came in at 0.8% for the quarter, reflecting the unrealized losses on the company's fixed income securities, driven by higher interest rates. Our growing Investment portfolio keeps providing meaningful tailwinds to our bottom line and remains of high quality and short duration. We have grown our investable asset base significantly over the last few years, primarily to significant cash flow from operations. This positive result, combined with new money rates near 5%, should support further growth in our Investment income for the foreseeable future. Income from operating affiliates was strong at $55 million. Of note, approximately $14 million of this quarter's income is attributable to the true-up of the deferred tax asset at our operating affiliate Somers in connection with the Bermuda corporate income tax, a nonrecurring item. Our effective tax rate on pretax operating income was an expense of 8.5% for the 2024 first quarter, slightly below our current expected range of 9% to 11% for the full year, mostly as a result of the timing of tax benefits related to equity-based compensation. As regard to our announcement to acquire the US. MidCorp and Entertainment insurance businesses from Allianz, we are making progress in obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals and are targeting a third quarter close for the transaction. At a high level, the agreement is structured around two related contracts. A loss portfolio transfer of loss reserves for years 2016 to 2023 and a new business agreement for business written in 2024 and after. Overall, we expect to deploy approximately $1.4 billion in internal capital resources to support both contracts, in addition to the cash consideration of $450 million. The overall transaction is expected to be moderately accretive to earnings per share and return on equity, starting in 2025. It is important to note that even when reflecting the capital to be deployed for this transaction, our capital base remains strong with a leverage ratio in the mid-teen range. We maintain ample financial resources and remain committed in allocating our capital in the most optimal way for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the reinsurance market. Marc, I think in your opening comments, you mentioned something about potential dislocation in the casualty market. Are you starting to see casualty market, just opportunities emerge there? I know you've highlighted this, I think, starting in the third quarter of last year. Or is this something that you still think might take a couple of quarters to kind of fully present an opportunity to Arch?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. The casualty market is going through, I wouldn't say repricing, but not re-underwriting as thorough because it has been already getting -- was hard, getting harder for the last several years. We may have some respite in terms of price increase middle of last year. But I think that the development of the prior year, as we all know, has created a little bit more uncertainties, and inflation is not ebbing. So right now, what we're seeing is people still being very, very careful and disciplined in how they underwrite the business, which leads Arch and gives us opportunity to lean into this even more so. We have grown our casualty book of business on the insurance side quite a bit. Our casualty book is E&S, as we all know, and very specialized in specialty. But sorry, I thought there was some technical difficulties here. Elyse, are you still there? I just want to make sure you can hear me.
Elyse Greenspan: Yes, we can hear you.
Marc Grandisson: Okay. Thank you, you. Thank you, you're a trooper. So the casualty market on the insurance side, we're growing, but I think now we're having more opportunities to grow. I think that there's some kind of -- not repricing, but definitely a focus on that line of business on the Insurance side. On the Reinsurance side, I think we're starting to see some of the renewals that came through and anecdotally it's creating a little bit more friction in terms of renewal of the casualty quota share, for instance. So what we expect right now is the early stages. We don't know how long it's going to last and where it's going to go, but there's clearly a psychological belief within the human system and the human interaction in the casualty that people need and know that we need to get more rate to make up for all the risks and potentially some of the misses that we had in the past.
Elyse Greenspan: And then you guys mentioned the middle market opportunity you saw with this Allianz deal. After this transaction, are there other things on the list like when you think about Insurance, Reinsurance, now middle market and Mortgage. Are there other things that you guys think that maybe down the road, you would need or want to potentially add to the platform?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. We have a long list of things we'd like to acquire or have part of our arsenal. We talk about Allianz as an acquisition, and that's an important one and a significant one and a very good one for us. We're very pleased with that one. But what we also would want to tell our shareholders is, as you know, Elyse, we've also added teams along the way. So acquisition, a pure acquisition of a company is not the only thing that we're able to do. We've acquired some teams to do contingency, some more terror and everything in between. So we're always on the lookout. Again, as a cycle manager, Elyse, what you want is as many areas to deploy your capital, depending on the market conditions, creates a much more stable enterprise, much less volatility to the bottom line. And again, the more -- the market cycles are not monolithic, they are in multi phases and multi places. So we also have a little bit of an inside baseball. We -- our executive team is always -- almost every other month -- we have a list, a wish list that I will not share with you on this call, but it's a wish list of things that we know for a fact would be accretive and additive to our diversification of our portfolio, and we're always on the lookout for those. Mid market was on the list. And this is what -- so opportunities met the willingness to do it, and this is where we are.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan Securities, LLC.
Jamminder Bhullar: Hi, good morning. So, just a question on the Baltimore bridge loss that you reported in Insurance and Reinsurance. And I recognize your results were pretty strong overall. But the number seems fairly high that you reported relative to what some of your peers have talked about and also what the industry losses seem to be? So I'm just wondering, I'm assuming most of this is IBNR, but just wondering sort of -- is this because of how much conservatism there was baked into the number? Or maybe the market is underestimating what the losses from the event are eventually going to end up being?
Marc Grandisson: Well, Jimmy, just at a high level, I'll let Francois talk about the reserving level. But we have been a participant in marine liability for quite a while. I used to underwrite the IGA in the Reinsurance group, way back in '02 or '03. This is nothing new to us. We also acquired Barbican in 2019. So we have -- and we have a stronger presence than we ever had in the London market, which, again, is another marine market positioning. So we do also, we do Insurance, Reinsurance and some retro actually. So it's nothing new to us. We like that business quite a bit, made money over the years. The rates and the returns were and are still acceptable. I mean but sometimes a loss occurs. I'm not sure about what the other ones are thinking about. But we definitely think that this is pretty much in line with what we would have expected the market share to be or what we think our presence in the marketplace would be. I'll let Francois talk about...
François Morin: Yes. I mean again, we can't speculate or comment on how others may or may not be reserving for this event. For us, it's not unusual. And I'd say that we've taken a very conservative view of the loss and still a lot to be determined, obviously, in terms of who's going to end up paying for it. But -- and the last point you asked last question is, yes, for us right now, it's all IBNR, I mean we don't really have all the specifics to establish case reserves. So we booked it as IBNR and we'll see how things develop.
Jamminder Bhullar: And then on casualty reserves, your overall development was favorable, but was there any pockets of unfavorable within the overall number? And then if you could talk specifically about how your casualty reserves trended for pre-COVID and post-COVID years?
François Morin: Well, part one of your question, there was really no material development on long-tail casualty lines of business across all years. So both pre-2015 to '19 years and '21 to '23. So we're very comfortable with that. I think our reserves are holding up nicely. And I know there's been some concerns around the more recent years where there's been some signs of adverse in the industry. We're not seeing that. Actually, our metrics or our actuaries are commenting that our actual development is coming in more favorable than expected. Again, very early to declare victory, but that's certainly for us a positive sign, and we'll keep monitoring and see how things develop for the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman from TD Cowen.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, thank you and good morning. Marc, you mentioned that the MI market is going and going and going. How do you think about the favorable prior year developments? I mean last year in the first quarter, it was 25 points this year. In the first quarter, it's another 25 points. I mean does that still continue going forward as well?
Marc Grandisson: Well, I don't have a crystal ball for the future. But we're -- like everybody else, we're just on the receiving end of a market that's curing better. The borrower is in good conditions. There are programs on the GSEs that help the borrower staying in their homes. Most of those that even would have a delinquency, as we speak, would have a much lower mortgage rate. So they have a lot of incentive to stay in the home and not having to do anything with it, plus there's a lot of equity being built up in the home. So people have -- are sitting on because, as you know, there's been a significant increase in property valuation over three to 4 years. So everything is really indicating that we have a lot of the alignment between starting from the borrower, all the way to the mortgage insurer and the mortgage origination of the mortgage companies to make sure that the borrowers can make the payment, you can refinance, delay or attach it to a lot of things, a lot of tools and toolbox that weren't there, frankly, in '07 and '08 when the crisis happened. So -- but what does that mean in terms of development, we'll have to see what happens. But again, it's been more favorable than we would have said probably 2, three years ago, and we're just -- when we see the data, we just react to it.
Andrew Kligerman: Pretty amazing stuff. And then my follow-up question is around the Allianz acquisition. And I love your analogy about the NFL draft and picking the high-quality players. Some have criticized Allianz as maybe I'll say they weren't a first round draft choice. So with that, what will Arch be able to do to kind of turn them into a first round type player? I mean I know I've heard about data and analytics, but can that help overnight? So I'd like to know what you're going to do there to really enhance that operation?
Marc Grandisson: Well, there's a lot of things going on. There's a thorough and very complete plan by our unit to first integrate them, making part of our company and our culture. And we'll have to look at everything that we can do to help them out It's an okay, it's okay business, very decent business, but we'll have to make it more of an Arch business, but recognizing some of the cultural differences in the distribution, it's a little bit of a different business. Data analytics is certainly one of them. We also bring to bear. We believe Allianz is a big company and they did a lot of work on this, where we have a strong presence in the US. as well. We also already do some middle market business. So we already have experience in that space. And so we have a -- we have a couple of things, a couple of tricks up our sleeve, if you will, to make it better. I won't go into all the details, obviously, but I think we're pretty excited about what we can do with the asset. And I think like I say all the time, and this is not a comparison with Allianz or us, but truthfully, it adds to the same thing to the Mortgage through UG, they're relatively a bigger piece of our overall enterprise and perhaps they would be in some other company. So that makes it a little bit more exciting and a bit more -- and the willingness from our part, obviously, to invest, right? I'll remind everyone that some of the earnings that we make, we put aside to invest for the future. So we have a lot of things going on, and we're pretty excited.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski from BMO.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, thanks. Good morning. On the Insurance segment, the underlying loss ratio of 57.5%, I know I'm probably just nitpicking. But I heard the commentary about the impact from the Baltimore bridge. But just curious, you've grown into property, which has a lower loss ratio, attritional loss ratio, I believe. So is there anything going on in the mix, that maybe you're putting in more conservatism on the casualty growth or anything we should be thinking about there?
François Morin: Mike, I'd say it's just the nature of the business we're in. I think there's going to be some ebbs and flows. There are going to be some -- I wouldn't call them unusual or unexpected developments. There could be 1 or two claims that surfaced in the quarter. We booked them, we recognized adverse or bad news early on and see how things play out. So there's really nothing to say that we want -- that needs to be highlighted. It's really part of the course. And yes, absolutely, this quarter, it turns out that the ex GAAP kind of underlying loss ratio was up, I'd say, 30 bps. And that's just the reality of the world we're in, and we think it's still an excellent result.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Got it. Second question is probably a quick one, but you all are kind enough to give us guidance on the cat load in the last quarter. I think you said it was in the 6% to 7% range for -- I believe it's just the premiums ex Mortgage segment. Is that expected to change or maybe be towards the high end of that range on a base case scenario as you kind of continue to lean into the hard market conditions as we think about '24?
François Morin: Well, the comment I made last quarter was -- yes, for the full year on the overall ACGL premium, 6% to 8%. We don't see that changing at this point. I think that was based on our view of how the year had a chance to play out. That's why we gave you a range. We were very happy with the 1/1 renewals. 401s went pretty much as expected and 6/1 so far are holding up nicely. I mean still a little bit of time to go before that gets finalized. But big picture, again, that's the 6% to 8% range for the year in terms of cat load is holding up nicely.
Michael Zaremski: Sorry, is that 6% to 8% on all insurance premiums ex mortgage or just with total company...
François Morin: Total company-wide, ACGL total.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dean Criscitiello from KBW.
Dean Criscitiello: My first question was on the net to gross ratio in reinsurance. I saw that it ticked down about 5 points year-over-year. I was wondering, is that a function of buying more reinsurance? Or is there anything else going on there?
Marc Grandisson: No. I think if you look at the -- it's a good question. If you look at the last 4 or 5 years in the first quarter, you'll see that our net to gross ratio hovers between 65% to 70%. Last quarter last year, it was 70% because we had a larger transaction that came through that was not seated. So it's really just a comparison that's not -- just 1 period comparison is not reflective of what's going on. If you look at the longer term, you look at the 65% to 70%, so nothing changed there.
Dean Criscitiello: Okay. And then the next thing, shifting back to the insurance business, I was a bit surprised to see solid growth within Professional lines given the rate environment there. So can you maybe talk about the market dynamics or the opportunities that you're seeing in that? And is that growth coming from D&O? Or is that within other professional lines?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So the -- it's -- the thing -- our professional liability has many things into it. It's got a large company, large public company D&O, it's got some smaller private, also has cyber in it and some professional liability like agents and stuff like this, that's more E&O based. I think that the growth is largely attributed to the cyber. Our teams are leaning a little bit more into it, and we've also acquired a couple of more team or developing a team in Europe, there's a big need for what we realize as a need for cyber in Europe, and that's something that we're starting to grow and see more of. And the reason it's grown in cyber is because even though some of the rates, as we all heard, went down slightly, it's still a very, very favorable, we believe, very favorable proposition for us to underwrite. Also it helps us doing other lines of business because it creates value for our clients. It's still a little bit harder to get in terms of coverage. On the D&O, we would have decreases and increases depending on where the rates are or where we see the relative valuation or the profitability of our portfolio. On that note, the rates in D&O went down about 8% in this quarter, not as bad as it was 1.5 years ago. You heard the comments that the SEAs are down. So there's there's still -- we believe there's still a lot of favorable opportunities in that segment as well. We just have to be a little bit more circumspect when we do this.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Marc, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you're seeing increased underwriting appetite and developing competition, specifically within Reinsurance. Could you just talk about where you're seeing that, elaborate on that a little bit? And what specific lines you're seeing that in and how you guys are responding to that?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think right now, what we're seeing is more a higher appetite, cyber is one of them. That's for sure, Insurance and Reinsurance, that would also -- I mean, can run the gamut, there are many of them. Typically, right now, what we are the lines that are more short-tail in nature. You can see a little bit more willingness to take some more risk from the competition. And how we react to it is, we have many things we do. We typically will tend to first look at the overall [indiscernible] if the rates go down or if the rates stay as is, with the new conditions, you actually price the business as if it's a new piece of business and what kind of return it will get to you. And if it's a little bit not as much -- or not too close for comfort, we might just decrease our participation. And we also might just stay on the clients that we believe have a better chance to really maneuver through that a little bit sideways market, if you will. It's really an underwriters' market at this time.
David Motemaden: Got it. And just within Reinsurance, the underlying margins there were strong and even better, if I exclude the bridge loss. Can you talk about if there is anything in there that would flatter the results? Or is it more just sort of the earn-in of the property, more short-tail lines and these results are fairly sustainable? I guess how should I think about the sustainability of the results on the Reinsurance side?
François Morin: Yes. I mean it's a great market, right? And we've been saying that for a few quarters. I think and we've said it before, I think we encourage you all to look at results on a trailing 12-month basis. I think it's a bit more reliable, I think, less prone to volatility that is sometimes hard to predict. But yes. I mean, we -- and Marc said it. I think the quality of the book that's in force right now is excellent, and we're going to earn that in. But whether how -- was this quarter a little bit better than maybe the long-term run rate? Maybe, we don't know. But again, as you try to look ahead, I'd say more of a trailing 12 month, again, view is probably a bit more reliable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: On the other income which doesn't get enough attention, that's Somers and Coface. It was a weak quarter for Coface stock return in 4Q '23, yet the other was quite strong and maybe I'm misunderstanding how to model this, but I bring this up because Coface had an excellent quarter this past 1Q '24. And I'm wondering if that presages a very, very strong other income return for the company as we head into 2Q '24?
François Morin: Yes. So just to be -- make sure we're on the same page, there's a lag, right? So Coface is booked on a one lag -- one quarter lag basis. So what they just reported for Q1 will show up in our Q2 numbers. Somers is on a real-time basis. And as we know, Somers should follow relatively closely the performance of our Reinsurance book because it's effectively [indiscernible] there's some nuances to it. But big picture, that is booked on a real-time basis and should mirror fairly closely our Reinsurance book. But to your point, yes. I mean if Coface reported out a strong Q1, you should see the benefits of that to flow through in our second quarter.
Joshua Shanker: In theory, there should be -- I guess, if you're saying some correlation between Reinsurance segment underwriting income and Somers, which appears in that other line?
François Morin: Correct. Yes. It's not perfectly correlated because it's not the whole segment. It's mostly the Bermuda Reinsurance unit that we -- that they follow. Not the entire business, but big picture is still -- I mean, if the market conditions are good and Reinsurance, the Somers will benefit from that on a similar basis.
Joshua Shanker: And if one other numbers question post the S&P Model, the change from a few months ago, is there any way to think smartly about how much excess capital you think you're sitting on or the possibility if you find other interesting M&A items, the ability to quickly deploy?
François Morin: Yes. I mean that's always an evolving topic, right? I think we are always focused on putting the capital to work in the business where we can. I think we've done a fair amount of that, obviously, this quarter with the Reinsurance growth that we saw. The $1.8 billion that will support the Allianz transaction is another example. We will see how the year plays out. No question that, we're generating significant earnings so that goes to the bottom line. And we'll be patient with it until we can't really find other ways to deploy it. But for the time being, it's -- we're in a really good place in terms of capital and gives us a lot of flexibility.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple of quick numbers and one big-picture question for you all. The first one, just quickly, on the Allianz deal, is it possible to give us how much cash you're expecting to come in from the, I guess, [indiscernible] net cash position you're expecting...
François Morin: Yes, big picture, it's a $2 billion [indiscernible] with dollar for dollar, right? So we get $2 billion in cash, and we were spending $450 million that goes out back to them for the cash consideration. So net-net, it's $1.5 billion of incremental cash that we will get. And the rest on the new business, then it's, call it, it's the premium flow with as we write that business, that's the overall -- over time, that will be the incremental investment income or invested assets that we will get.
Brian Meredith: That's helpful. Second quick question here. You referenced in your commentary higher contingent commissions on ceded business in your Reinsurance. What exactly is that?
François Morin: A lot of it is third-party capital, right? We -- last year was a very light or a good year for the performance of that book. So some of those agreements, many of them actually pay us a commission that is -- there's a base and then there's a variable aspect to it, then that was kind of a lot -- a large part of that. So that's effectively performance-based commissions on property cat or property business.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. And then one bigger-picture question here. I'm just curious, on your Reinsurance business, Obviously, during the first quarter, you're getting a lot of [indiscernible] coming in from clients. What are you seeing with respect to reserve development at your clients, right? And how you kind of protect against that and not potentially seeing some of that adverse development that your clients are seeing on your cut of casualty quota share business?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So I think the -- Francois mentioned the actual is expected, which is sort of consistent in both insurance and reinsurance on the more recent policy or accident year, which having the right starting point means that you don't really have to correct frequently. So I would say that we're not surprised on the Reinsurance about what we see. But as I said earlier, I think there is anecdotally and some heavy -- a lot of more friction, I would say, between Insurance and Reinsurance companies to make sure that people get an agreement as to what the ultimate book is going to be. So we're hearing this going in the marketplace. Of course, we participate in that, but we're not seeing this as being a big issue for us. And the other years that would have been pre-2020 and 2021, I want to remind everyone that we were very defensive. We do not have a whole lot of those premium and those harder-in-developing areas that people are talking about. So I will say that we see opportunities to write more of those, and we expect to see more opportunities to write more of those types of deals this year, but I wouldn't say that we are the most present in those worst years, if you will.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cave Montazeri from Deutsche Bank.
Cave Montazeri: I only have one question today on the Florida market. The total reform implemented over a year ago seems to have had some positive impact on the primary carriers, and Reinsurance capital seems to be coming back. This is a market that you guys know very well. Do you have any color you can share with us on the state of the market in Florida?
Marc Grandisson: No, I think it's -- to your point, some of the adjustments are coming through, but inflation is also picking up. And there's also, as we all hear, there's potentially more activity in the Southeast of the US. in terms of activities and storms. So I think that people are trying to sort out what they will do at this point in time. I think we have already existing relationships that we think will get us a little bit ahead of the game in terms of participating and getting a participation in the marketplace. But bottom line is we expect the Florida market to be well priced and very good from a risk-adjusted basis. Nothing indicates anything else other than that. Even, of course, the -- everything that's been done to take care [indiscernible] and whatever else in between, I think, is helpful. But it's still the largest property cat exposure for everybody around the world. So even if you make some corrections and they have made some corrections, I think we still have a couple of years before we start thinking about having a heavy softening in the market. There might be some here and there, but we still believe the market will be healthy as a reinsurer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Huang from Morgan Stanley.
Bob Jian Huang: Quick question on M&A side. Obviously, you have historically generated very durable underwriting returns, mainly because of cycle management, in my view. Just curious as you move into M&A and diversify your business mix, does that impact your cycle management ability for retention levels when we think about M&A or potential M&A down the road?
Marc Grandisson: No, it doesn't change. I mean cycle management is a core principle of ours. And if anything, we'd like to be able to do -- it's going to be a matter of degree perhaps. Some lines of business have more acute cycle management because they're probably more heavily commoditized. I would expect the cycle management to be much softer in the Allianz and the US. MidCorp business. And that's also what's attractive about it, right, because it creates more stability for the portfolio.
Bob Jian Huang: Got it. No, that's very helpful. And then in that case, when we think about M&A or future M&A, is it the first preference to use the excess capital or excess cash you're generating from this business to do the M&A deals? Or is it more preferable to use some of the stocks given where the valuation is and things of that nature?
François Morin: I mean there's no one answer to that. I think there's always -- I mean, and we talk about M&A, but M&A doesn't happen that often. So there's a size that matters, how much could we need -- would we need to raise in terms of using our own stock? Certainly, in terms of dilution, it's always, we think better to kind of use our cash. But there's many considerations we look at, trying to optimize as best we can all the options. We've got plenty of capacity in raising debt too, if need be. So it's very much a function of each specific circumstance, each specific opportunity. We look at it on its own and go from there.
Bob Jian Huang: Sorry, if I can just have a little bit of clarification on it. Is it fair to say that in that case, cash and debt is more preferable and then equity may be a little bit less or I'm [indiscernible]? So sorry, just maybe a little bit clarification on that.
François Morin: I mean that's been the preference historically. But I mean, again, it's hard to speculate on what could be the next thing. So yes, historically, but things change over time, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski from BMO.
Michael Zaremski: Just a quick follow-up. You mentioned fee income earlier. Arch has a lot of diversified sources of income. Is there a way you can update us on kind of what percentage of your earnings maybe last year was derived from these kind of fee income type arrangements at a high level?
François Morin: I mean it's grown over the years, for sure. I think that the difficulty or the reality we face is some of these fees are somewhat -- with the expense -- the revenue we get that has some expenses that go with it, and those are kind of co-mingled with our own internal expenses. So isolating, call it, the margin on those contracts is a little bit kind of cloudy. But yes, it's grown. It's part of what we do. It's part of the leveraging our platform, leveraging our underwriting capabilities, in all our segments, right? All three segments have some fee income that comes into the errors. Obviously, Somers is part of that as well. But yes, it's become a bit more sizable for us.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much for hearing our earnings. Great start of the year. We look forward to seeing you all in July.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2023 Arch Capital Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with this update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filled by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management will also make reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliations to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in the Company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website at www.archgroup.com and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Gigi. Good morning and thank you for joining our earnings call. Our fourth quarter results conclude another record year as we continued to lean into broadly favorable underwriting conditions in the property and casualty sectors. Our full year financial performance was excellent with an annual operating return on average common equity of 21.6% and an exceptional 43.9% increase in book value per share, which remains an impressive 34.2% if we exclude the one-time benefit from the deferred tax asset we booked in the fourth quarter. The $3.2 billion of operating income reported in 2023 made it Arch's most profitable year-to-date. Growth was strong all year as we allocated capital to our property and casualty teams, we short over $17 billion of gross premium and over $12.4 billion of net premium. And while most current growth opportunities are in the P&C sector, it's important to recognize the steady quality underwriting performance of our mortgage group. Although, mortgage market conditions meant fewer opportunities for top-line MI growth, the business unit continued to generate significant profits totaling nearly $1.1 billion of underwriting income for the year. As we have mentioned on previous calls, those earnings have helped fund growth opportunities in the segments with the best risk adjusted returns, demonstrating that the disciplined underwriting approach and active capital allocation are essential throughout the cycle. Our ability to deploy capital early in the hard market cycle is paying dividends as we own the renewals, a phrase I learned from Paul Ingrey, a personal mentor and foundational leader of Arch. What Paul meant was quite simple. When markets turn hard, you should aggressively write business early in the cycle. This puts your underwriters in a strong position to fully capitalize on the market opportunity. By making decisive early moves, you won become an [indiscernible] then want to do more business with you. In some ways, the growth becomes self-sustaining, which explains part of our success throughout this hard market. At Arch, our primary focus has always been on rate adequacy, regardless of market conditions. Our underwriting culture dictates that we include a meaningful margin of safety in our pricing, especially in softer conditions. And we also take a longer view of inflation and rates. For these reasons, Arch was underweight in casualty premium from 2016 to 2019, when cumulative rates were cut by as much as 50%. I thought I'd borrow a soccer analogy to help explain the current casualty market. In soccer, players who commit a deliberate foul are often given a yellow card. Two yellow cards mean the player is ejected from the remainder of the match and their team continues with a one player disadvantage. Today's casualty market feels as though some market participants took to the field with a yellow card from a prior game. They're playing in match but cautiously, not wanting to make an error that will put their entire team at a disadvantage. So whilst Arch sometimes plays aggressively, we've remained disciplined and avoided drawing a yellow card. At a high level, we must remember that casualty lines take longer to remediate than property. So if insurers are being cautious and adding to their margin of safety, we could experience profitable underwriting opportunities in an improving casualty market for the next several years. Now, I'll provide some additional color about the performance of our operating units, starting with reinsurance. The performance of our reinsurance segment last year was nothing short of stellar. For the year, reinsurance net premium written were $6.6 billion, an increase of over $1.6 billion from 2022. Underwriting income of nearly $1.1 billion is a record for this segment and a significant improvement from the cat heavy 2022. Reinsurance underwriting results remain excellent as we ended the year with an 81.4% combined ratio overall in a 77.4% combined ratio ex-cat and prior year development both significant improvements over 2022. Turning now to our insurance segment, which continued its growth trajectory by writing nearly $5.9 billion of net premium in 2023, a 17% increase from the prior year. While the business model for primary insurance means that shifts may not appear as dramatic as our reinsurance groups, a look at where we've allocated capital year-over-year provides meaningful insight into our view of the market opportunities. In 2023, the most notable gains came in from property, marine, construction, and national accounts. The $450 million of underwriting income generated by the insurance segment in 2023 doubled our 2022 output as we continue to earn in premium from our deliberate growth during the early years of this hard market. Underwriting results remained solid on the year as the insurance segment delivered a combined ratio of 91.7% and a healthy 89.6% excluding cat and prior year development. Now on to mortgage, our industry-leading mortgage segment continued to deliver profitable results, despite a significant industry-wide reduction in mortgage originations last year. The high persistency of our insurance in-force portfolio, which carries its own unique version of owning the renewals, enables a segment to consistently serve as an earnings engine for our shareholders. The credit profile of our U.S. primary MI portfolio remains excellent and the overall MI market continues to be disciplined and returned focus. These conditions should help to ensure that our mortgage segment remains a valuable source of earnings diversification for Arch. Onto investments, net investment income grew to over $1 billion for the year due to rising interest rates that enhanced earnings from the float generated by our increasing cash flows from underwriting. The significant increases to our asset base provide a tailwind for our creative investment group to further increase its contributions to Arch's earnings. Over the past several years, Arch has leaned into both the hard market and our role as a market leader in the specialty insurance space. We have successfully deployed capital into our diversified operating segments to fuel growth, while also making substantial operational enhancements to our platform, including entering new lines, expanding into new geographies and making investments into new underwriting teams, technology and data analytics. Finally, as we bid adieu to 2023, I want to take a moment to thank our more than 6,500 employees around the world who help deliver so much value to our customers and shareholders. Our people are our competitive advantage and without their creativity, dedication and integrity, none of this would be possible. So thank you to team Arch. François?
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. As Marc mentioned, we closed the year on a high note with after-tax operating income of $2.49 per share for the quarter for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 23.7%. Book value per share was $46.94 as of December 31, up 21.5% for the quarter and 43.9% for the year aided by the establishment of a net deferred tax asset related to the recently introduced Bermuda Corporate Income Tax, which I will expand on in a moment. Our excellent performance resulted from an outstanding quarter across our three business segments highlighted by $715 million in underwriting income. We delivered strong net premium written growth across our insurance and reinsurance segments, a 22% increase over the fourth quarter of 2022 after adjusting for large non-recurring reinsurance transactions we discussed last year, and an excellent combined ratio of 78.9% for the Group. Our underwriting income reflected $135 million of favorable prior year development on a pretax basis or 4.1 points on the combined ratio across our three segments. We observed favorable development across many units, but primarily in short day lines in our property and casualty segments and in mortgage due to strong cure activity. While there were no major catastrophe industry events this quarter, a series of smaller events that occurred across the globe throughout the year resulted in current accident year catastrophe losses of $137 million for the Group in the quarter. Overall, the catastrophe losses we recognize were below our expected catastrophe load. As of January 1, our peak zone natural cat PML for a single event, one in 250-year return level on a net basis increased 11% from October 1 but has declined relative to our capital and now stands at 9.2% of tangible shareholders equity, well below our internal limits. On the investment front, we earned $415 million combined from net investment income and income from funds accounted using the equity method, up 27% from last quarter. This amount represents $1.09 per share. With an investable asset base approaching $35 billion, supported by a record $5.7 billion of cash flow from operating activities in 2023 and new money rates near 5%, we should see continued positive momentum in our investment returns. Our capital base grew to $21.1 billion with a low leverage ratio of 16.9%, represented as debt plus preferred shares to total capital. Overall, our balance sheet remains extremely strong and we retain significant financial flexibility to pursue any opportunities that arise. Moving to the recently introduced corporate -- Bermuda Corporate Income Tax. As mentioned in our earnings release and in connection with the law change, we recognized a net deferred tax asset of $1.18 billion this quarter, which we have excluded from operating income due to its non-recurring nature. This asset will amortize mostly over a 10-year period in our financials, reducing our cash tax payments in those years. All things equal, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the 9% to 11% range for 2024, with a higher expected rate starting in 2025. As regards our income from operating affiliates, it's worth mentioning that approximately 40% of this quarter's income is attributable to non-recurring items such as Coface adoption of IFRS 17 and the establishment of a deferred tax asset at summers in connection with the Bermuda Corporate Income Tax. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Marc, my first question, I wanted to expand on some of your introductory comments just on the casualty side, right? We've started to see some reserve additions this quarter, and I think you alluded to that last quarter as being what was going to drive the market turn. So how do you see it playing out from here? I know you said it should play out over the next several years. Could you just give us a little bit of a roadmap in how you think about this opportunity emerging for Arch?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Great question. I think that we're observing our own book of business. We also look at all the information around; I think from an actuaries perspective both François and I have maybe dusting off our actuarial diplomas. You rely on data that's historically stable, or at least has some kind of predictability. I think what we've seen over the last two, three years, as a result of the pandemic, largely in the courts being closed and everything else in between all the uncertainty and then the bout of inflation, there's a lot of data that's really hard to pin down and get comfortable with to make your prediction for what you should be pricing the business. As we all know, reserving leads to the pricing, right, by virtue of reserving and having the right number for the reserving, you then feed that into your pricing. So we're in a situation where people have lesser visibility or about what the reserving will ultimately develop to. So I can totally understand our clients and our competitors having to adjust on the fly, or having to adjust a little bit progressively and cumulatively. The issue with casualty, at least as you know, is even if you have that information and you make some correction of corrective actions, it still takes a while to evaluate whether what you did was enough or whether what you needed to do. So I think right now, we have -- we already had a couple of rate increases in casualty starting in 2020. But I think that now we're realizing that maybe it's a little bit worse collectively as an industry than we thought. And there's a lot more uncertainty, a lot more inflation, certainly, as we all know, is a big factor. So what I would expect right now is people will start refining their book of business. They will try to re-underwrite away from the social inflation impact lines. They'll probably push for rates. Some of them might kick some business to E&S until such time as we have more stability in the reserving now the loss emerges as it relates to what your initial pricing assumptions was. And in casualty, that's why it takes several years and its history is any indication. If you look back at the -- even the [indiscernible] market and then the yo tutors the 90s -- 1999 or 2000 to 2003, it took three to four years from the start of that, even in the middle of it, to really get clarity. And the market got much harder, in fact, in 2004 or 2005 than it was in 2002. Just because you have to do the action and see what the actions did, what you thought. And I think that's what we're going to collectively as an industry are going through and we're seeing it with our clients and that's really what's happening.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then, my second question, second quarter in a row, right, we've seen the underlying loss ratio within your reinsurance business come in sub-50, and you guys are obviously earning in like cat business written at strong rates last year. How should we think about the sustainability of a sub-50 underlying loss ratio within your reinsurance book?
François Morin: Well, sustainability is a great question. I think you're absolutely right that we have more property premium that is more short tail and should have a lower loss ratio ex cat than not, right, compared to other lines. It's a good market. So obviously profitability embedded in the business should be strong. But we send you back to kind of quarterly volatility, where you are -- sometimes we have a better than, call it normal quarter, even as a function of the book and sometimes not. There's going to volatility. We said it before; we said again the 12-month kind of rolling average is to us a better way to look at it and that's how we see it. But certainly we like the profitability in the book and it should be -- it should remain strong. One thing I will tell you Elyse, by heard on the other calls is that the markets -- reinsurance market is continuing to improve somewhat into the one, one renewal. So it is still a very good marketplace. So what it means for the loss ratio, I don't know. But certainly, we're seeing improvement.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, just one last one on capital, right? I believe on there was some pushes and pulls from the S&P capital changes on your capital but should be positive relative to your mortgage business. Can you just help us think through your capital position and relative to just organic growth opportunities you see at hand over the next year.
François Morin: Well, certainly, I mean S&P is one thing that we look at. We look at many different way -- I mean, we have different looks at capital adequacy. We have our own internal view which drives really how we make our decisions. Rating agencies are an important factor but I think more importantly is how we think about it. But you're right. I mean no question that from the S&P point of view, I mean the change of their model was a net benefit and that's reduced kind, you know give us, I say a bit more excess capital. But we -- and we look at it very carefully. We want to make sure that we're able to seize the opportunities that will be in front of us and we see plenty for 2024. So right now our very -- our main focus is growing the business and kind of deploying that capital into what's in front of us and then we'll see how the rest of the year plays out.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman from TD Cowen.
Andrew Kligerman: First question -- good morning. First question would be around M&A, we've seen a lot in the media about other specialty players that could be acquired. Arch has been mentioned along with other companies. And I know you can't comment on specific transactions and that you've talked a lot about 15% return on capital over time. But when you do transactions, could you give us a little color on what the parameters might be, what's really important to Arch when you do deals?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. On the M&A front, we're very prudent and careful when we do -- if we do anything. And I think historically, our historical track record is probably the best way to look at this. We'll look for something where our opportunities to earn a return is with a proper margin of safety is fairly healthy. We're not -- there's no desire to grow for growth sake in this company. It really has to do with the return on capital. And as François mentioned, the fact that we have opportunities to above 15% opportunities in this marketplace certainly makes it a little more harder. Having said all this, we might make not exceptions, but there might be some other considerations as it relates to maybe a strategic, maybe a different kind of product, maybe a geography, or maybe -- and we prefer that, maybe a new team that can really bring the expertise on an underwriting basis. So it's a very, very disciplined approach to M&A that we take. And we have the luxury because we have plenty of organic growth available to us. So something has to be very compelling for us to engage in those and also other risks, as you all know, that we don't want to take on necessarily the number one is the culture. Now we're very, very adamant about keeping top culture the way it is, and that's really something. And that quite oftentimes the thing that makes the most, and then -- probably the one that makes the most difference in whether or not we'll entertain an M&A or not.
Andrew Kligerman: That makes a lot of sense. You mentioned on the favorable developments that short tail property was a big driver. So looking at insurance at $21 million favorable, reinsurance at seven favorable. Just trying to understand, were there any large casualty offsets that might have played in and if so, what would they be?
François Morin: Yes, well, there's no, I'd say offsets. I mean, we look at each line on its own. There's always going to be pluses and minuses on that every single quarter. We look at the data, we react to the data. I think, as you can imagine, or I mean, very much a function of the type of business that we've written the last few years we -- in reinsurance in particular, we've grown a lot in property. We've taken our usual -- used our same methodology, same approach to reserve, and that generated a little bit of redundancies or releases this quarter on the short tail side. There's always a little bit of noise on any line of business. Yes. Did we have a couple of sublines or kind of sales in casualty where we had a little bit of adverse? Absolutely, but it's not -- I wouldn't call it an offset. I mean, we booked every single line on its own. We reacted to data, and then when numbers come up is what we end up with.
Marc Grandisson: One thing I would add to this, our reserving approach at a high level is to typically recognize bad news quickly and good news over time. So again, our philosophy hasn't changed at all in all those years.
Andrew Kligerman: Maybe if I could sneak one quick one in. You mentioned during the call that one of the growth areas in insurance was national accounts. What type of limits do you write on national accounts?
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's statutory, right? So -- and it's on an excessive loss basis. And these are loss. There's a lot of sharing of experience, plus or minus business with clients. They tend to be larger clients. The national account is 95% plus workers comp. It's really a self-insured sort of structure that of sort, we provide the paper and actually the document to allow people to operate in their state because you need the required thing to be able to demonstrate the workers comp insurance as a protection. This is statutory, so it's unlimited by definition. We have some reinsurance that protect some of the capping. That's really what it is.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hey, good morning. So, first, just a question on the casualty business. We've seen significant growth in your property exposures with the hard -- since the hardening of the market, or significant hardening the market since early last year. What are your views on just overall market trends on the casualty side, and are you comfortable enough with pricing in terms to increase volumes in that area?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I think our comfort -- great question. Our comfort on the casualty, on liability in general, more general liability, right, if you exclude professional lines, I think we're -- the market is turning or has more pressure on the primary side. So I think that our focus right now is really on the primary, as you can see on our reinsurance, what we did in reinsurance for the last year, we think the reinsurance market is a little bit delayed in reacting to what happened, as in some of the development that we see and some of the increase in inflation. And of course, for your point that we mentioned. So I think that we'll probably see first an insurance market that really takes it to hard, like I mentioned, all the remediation that they need to do. And I think the reinsurance market will probably follow suit with their own -- possibly their own way to look at this, if the prior hard markets are any indication. On the reinsurance side, one thing that's a little bit beneficial at this point in time, and there's a reason why reinsurers are not reacting possibly as abruptly as they probably should as in regards to city and commission is that we collectively understand as an industry that our clients are trying to make those changes, so we're trying to go along with them and help them, support them in their efforts. We'll see whether that's enough. Our team is a little bit waiting to see whether that develops, but I do expect this to also come around and also provide another opportunity for us to grow.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on mortgage insurance, I would have assumed that reserve releases would moderate over time, and they've actually become even more favorable. And I think there's a shift in what's driving that. It used to be COVID reserves last year, and now it's stuff written post-COVID. As you think about, just want to get an idea on what are you assuming in your reserves that you're putting on the book right now? Are you assuming experience commensurate with what you're seeing in the market or is it reasonable to assume that if the environment stays the way it is, there's more room to go in terms of reserve releases?
Marc Grandisson: Great question. I say reserve releases this year in general were somewhat driven by our -- the views we had on the housing market at the start of the year, right? So if you rolled back the tape a year, we were more concerned about home prices dropping fairly rapidly, recession, no soft landing, et cetera. So those reserves we set, call it a year ago were very much a function of those assumptions, and they just didn't materialize throughout the year. So throughout the year, we saw very strong or very well performing housing market. People are hearing their delinquencies much higher than we'd actually forecasted. Home prices are holding up. Unemployment remains relatively low. So you put it all together, I mean it's really, what transpired in 2023 is very much a function of the reserve releases reflect kind of how things -- how much better they played out relative to what we thought a year ago. Where we are today at the start of 2024 is certainly a bit more, I wouldn't call it optimistic in the sense that we see good home prices and a solid housing market for 2024. So on a relative basis, the reserves that we're holding today are not as high as they were a year ago. So if you extrapolate from that, is there room for as much in reserve releases going forward? Probably not, but we just don't know. I mean, the data will again play out as it does and we'll react to it, but hopefully that helps you kind of compare and understand how, where we sit today versus a year ago.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thanks. And just lastly, your comfort with the reserves in your casualty book, despite all the industry-wide issues, does that apply to the business that came over from Watford as well? Because that company obviously had a decent amount of exposure to casualty.
Marc Grandisson: That's an easy one. Watford, really the underwriting is managed by our team here. So the reserving and approach [Technical Difficulty] okay.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski from BMO.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, good morning. First question for François on capital in regards to mortgage specifically. So my understanding of the mortgage reserving rules is that after a decade or so, you can start releasing a material amount of reserves. And mortgage obviously isn't growing now, so -- but you also have a Bermuda, I think some captives there too. So just curious, is there a material amount of capital coming or expected to come from releasing from the legacy mortgage or old mortgage business?
François Morin: Well, I'd say the short answer is yes, in the sense that the contingency reserves. You're right, we will start releasing a bit more progressively, starting in 2024 and 2025. That will be -- and we already had some of that in the fourth quarter this year. So if you look at our PMI's ratio, why it dropped in the quarter, the fourth quarter was very much a function of a dividend that we were able to extract from our regulated USMI Company to the Group. So that we think, well, should the plan and is scheduled to keep, we should keep having dividends in 2024 and beyond. But the one point I want to touch on is, and we touched on it in the past is while on a regulatory basis, yes, it's released, we would argue that capital is already somewhat being deployed in the business. So it's not -- that it's just sitting there not being deployed in the business. It's already been used to other sources because the regulators and the rating agencies look at the aggregate Arch Cap Group kind of level of capital. So yes, on the statutory basis, the goal here is to put the capital in the better location. But overall, it's somewhat not as big an impact as you might imagine.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And sticking with capital, when Elyse asked about you mentioned the S&P Capital model, but I don't think you actually gave any quantitative or answers on the benefit, because when we -- on paper we see that Arch appears to be one of if not the most diversified. Any help there on how much of a benefit or how to think about how much of a benefit the model offers Arch?
François Morin: Yes, you're right. I didn't put a number, and we're not going to start putting a number, but it's a net positive. No question that, yes, mortgage charges, diversification benefit were reductions in capital requirements, but we also -- the final rulings on debt was not as favorable, right? So S&P and their new rules, they no longer treat $1.75 billion of our debt as being capital. So that's a significant offset. But all things considered, all in, it's a positive. But again, what I want to remind everyone is it's not the only thing we look at, it's just one thing among many and other rating agencies matter. And more importantly, again, is how we think about the capital we need to run the business.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. And lastly, since everyone else is sneaking in a lot more questions, based on the remarks you've made it, unless I'm understanding it incorrectly, it sounds like the growth might be you're more excited about the primary insurance segment. Can primary insurance potentially grow just as much in 2024 as it did in 2023?
Marc Grandisson: It's a great question. I mean, again, the way we talk, we don't provide guidance because I don't know, we don't know what the market conditions will be this year. But in terms of capabilities and capital and talent and everything else in between, absolutely, we have -- we could do more. Yes, we could. If the opportunities are there, we'll do more, both on insurance or reinsurance for that matter.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: Hey, everyone, I think there might be a problem with the phones. We heard Jimmy and Mike just fine, but we couldn't hear your answers to the questions. I don't know. So -- and I hear you. I don't know if anyone can hear me. Let me ask my team. Can you guys hear me on the phone? They hear me. So somehow it's been corrected. Okay, so I don't know what --
Marc Grandisson: Yes, Josh, we can hear you. So hopefully, it's been recorded. I don't know if it's been recorded.
Josh Shanker: Okay, very good.
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Josh Shanker: So yes, I’ve got a couple of quick ones. So it's the lowest quarter of new insurance written in the mortgage insurance business since acquiring UGC. And yet it looks like the capital utilization went up, at least the risk to capital, and the premiers capital ratio went up. Can you sort of talk about the moving pieces that are driving that?
Marc Grandisson: Well, our PMIers, -- well, very much a function of a Bellemeade transactions that we called Josh, I think there's significant amounts of capital protection that we exercised on and no longer give us capital credit.
Josh Shanker: Yes, that's obviously what it is. Yes, definitely that makes sense.
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Josh Shanker: And another easy one, it looks to me from quarter end 2000, September 30 to year-end, Coface stock was about flat, although it round tripped through the quarter. And yet you had very strong other income in the quarter. There's some summers in that. There's other things in there. Can you talk about the moving pieces?
François Morin: Well, Coface, I mean, the stock price is one thing, but obviously for us, we booked the income, right. And they declared pretty much. I don't know the exact numbers, but their dividend, their annual dividend has been close to their full net income, 100% kind of payout ratio. So that ends up being what we book in our financials. So yes, the stock price is going to move up and down over the year, but it doesn't directly, I'd say factor in or end up in their financials.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And just so I'm getting a lot of inbound call volume or e-mails from people right now. Nobody can hear these answers that you're giving me. It may be being recorded. They hear me, but they don't hear you.
Marc Grandisson: Hold on a second, Josh. Are we being recorded? Let's work a little bit through this quickly. Maybe we can fix it.
François Morin: What's happening now?
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Josh Shanker: Okay. So just so that I don't know. Anyway, they're addressing it. People can't hear the Arch team. But for people who are emailing you right now saying they can't hear the Arch team, they're working on addressing it.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Please note everyone that this call has been recorded and it will be available after the call is over. Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: Hey, good morning, everybody. Should I ask the questions or should we wait till this issue is fixed?
Marc Grandisson: I think we should continue on. Just ask your question. It's recorded. Hopefully people can --
François Morin: There will be a replay.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it'll be a replay for everyone, hopefully. We apologize for this, but we'll try to figure it out afterwards. Let's go for it in line, yes.
Yaron Kinar: Yes. No problem. So I guess first question, when you set loss fix into a year, do you update those other than for bad news or frequency? And what I'm trying to get at here is when we look at the reinsurance loss ratios, are they already incorporating the step change in the reinsurance market that we saw in 2023, or were those losses or the loss ratio essentially a reflection of your expectations heading into 2023 and we should therefore see another step up in margins over the course of 2024?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I think our tendency when we do loss ratio of fixed; you're on, especially on the long tail line. Remember François mentioned that earlier, we're much more of a short tail player than we were in proportion, right? So property is a bit easier to understand, right? It is what it is. You get the loss, you don't get the loss. So you do pick the loss ratio at the end of the year for what you think the attritional will be and there's no cap, then you can't really book the cap, right? There's a couple of things you need to address. On the liability and then we'll see over the next 12 months how it develops. And there are cadences of releasing or decreasing the IDNR on property, that's a bit shorter tail as you can appreciate. On the liability side, our tendency as an insurance or reinsurer on both sides of the equation of the aisle is to actually pick a loss ratio that has a little bit of a margin of safety at the beginning, not 100%, recognizing all potential benefits that we've seen, and we let it season for a while before we go in and make a change to them. And what we look at is obviously how the emergence, which I mentioned about, you may not have heard this one, but I mentioned about the emergence of the losses, how they are emerging versus what we expected. And you do this throughout the lifecycle of the deal, but that's a longer-term phenomenon.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then my second question Marc, I think in your prepared comments you'd said that casualty may be collectively worse than expected for the industry. And I'm curious that comment, is that really referencing kind of the soft market years of 2013 through 2018 or 2019? Or do you think there could also be some of that emerging for the more recent accident years, where market conditions were clearly good, but maybe the expectations of inflationary trends were still a bit lower than what they ended up being?
Marc Grandisson: It's a really good question, Yaron. My -- our -- we look at the actual as expected and we see it much more in the softer years, to be honest with you. The recent ones, it's here or there, plus or minuses as François mentioned, but it's all well, as far as we can tell, our portfolio is well within a range of reasonable expectations. It's nothing really that's surprising because your honestly, remember starting 2019, there were improvements in the marketplace, there were price increases already. So I think that those years are not as soft, clearly not as soft as 2016 to 2019 were.
Yaron Kinar: Right. But I guess the question would be, even if they weren't as soft and you were getting a lot of piece, the industry was getting a lot of rate at that point, if the expectation was for a inflationary trend of five and it ended up being seven, you could still see some deterioration of very profitable years nonetheless.
Marc Grandisson: You could, but we do reserving with the rate level in mind. So when we were writing the bids in 2021, we tend to look at a longer-term loss ratio and not the more recent years that before the stock market, for instance. So when you factor it all that in, we will tend to take higher loss ratio pick initial loss ratio, pick ourselves on the liability side. So you don't have a similar. One of the things that happened in 2016, 2019, and it was mentioned before is that people probably were more aggressive than they should have been on the loss ratio pick that they did in those years. I think by the time we get to 2021, I think already there was recognition and we saw through the rate increases that the market was trying to get to. I think the loss ratios lifted up a little bit, and I don't think we have a similar kind of deviation from initial loss ratio in those years.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. I'll just end by saying I think you disappointed a lot of swifty fans, including my daughter, by referencing rest of world football instead of U.S. football this quarter.
Marc Grandisson: We'll do better its looks like.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Jian Huang from Morgan Stanley.
Bob Jian Huang: Hey, good morning. Just two quick ones. First, I think two quarters ago on the earnings call, you said when we look at the insurance underwriting cycle, we were at about 11 o'clock. That’s kind of where we were implying improved rates and also lost trend stabilization. Just curious, in your view, what time is it right now? Is it 11:30 or is it 11:59, 2:00 p.m.? Just kind of curious is it where you think.
Marc Grandisson: It’s the longest 11 o'clock I’ve ever seen in my life is what I’m going to tell you. So I think we’re still roughly around the 11 o'clock , which again, that clock is never like a one year after the other, right? You can stay 11:00. Unfortunately, you can stay into the 3 o'clock and 4 o'clock or where that you would want. So I think that it’s still roughly around that level the 11 o'clock , 11:30, perhaps in some cases, but, yes, roughly in that range.
Bob Jian Huang: Okay. That’s helpful. 11:00 to 11:30, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Bob Jian Huang: My second question regarding MGA and capacity in general, there has been some concern that MGAs have been increasingly aggressive. Is this something you're seeing? Is this concern rightfully placed? Does it have any impact on how you think about your underwriting cycle management? Are you becoming more cautious, especially within your reinsurance? Not sure if you answered that before, so apologies. 
Marc Grandisson: That's a great question. I think I mean the MGAs emerge, as we all know, when there’s a dislocation where there's need for capacity. And I think we see it more acutely in the professional lines and some of them in property. But again, between the supply and demand on the professional lines, I think now that the capacity is probably more plentiful than. It's not more probably, it is more plentiful than it was. So I think it has some impact at the margin. Of course it does. I think the answer to your second part of the question, which is, how do we react? Well, we do it, the same way we always do it, which is if the pricing is going down and the returns are not as good. We will tend to deemphasize or pick or select the better clients that we have in our portfolio and still react the same way we would do in cycle management. On the property side, we also have similar MGAs and MGUs, right? But I think these guys, there’s an acute need for property coverage and capacity. And I think it sort of feels that we need all the capacity we can get our hands on a property at this point in time. So we're not seeing that much of as much of an impact. The property market is still very strong.
Bob Jian Huang: Okay. So property side, not enough capacity, professional line, plentiful capacity. That's the way we should think about it. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, that's right.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Meyer Shields: Hi, I think we're in the same situation where people can only hear the answers to their specific questions. So I'm hoping that comes through here as well. Similar question to Bob, we've seen, obviously, a number of companies report some reserve problems in the fourth quarter. And I'm wondering, when you look at the book of sedans that you have within reinsurance, is what we're seeing in the public companies a good representation of overall trends, or is it something different in the non-public world?
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think when you price -- Meyer, good question. But for the record, this will be recorded, right? So we'll be able to -- so this will be recorded. So we'll be able to share, you’ll be able to hear the other questions and the other answers. Sorry, is that okay?
Meyer Shields: Yes, that's perfect. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: So I think the issue with casualty reserving, and you’re an actuary as well as I am, the actual number is in the high of whoever is doing the work. So I think it's like everything else. Our teams may have different views about the loss ratio pick for some of the things that we’re looking at than they would have themselves. So I wouldn't say that it's a one to one. Some of them will not renew, or some of them we may not be able to participate on because we have a different view of the ultimate loss ratio. So I think it's really each individual underwriter and each individual company or sitting company come up with their own number and you have to make your own decision and your own opinion as to where it is.
Meyer Shields: Okay. I'm sorry, go ahead.
Marc Grandisson: No, no, go ahead. I was wondering whether you were still there, so carry on, please.
Meyer Shields: Yes, no, I'm still here. Similar question, I guess, obviously what we've seen here is a lot of domestic concerns over liability lines on the international casualty side, is that concern worsening as well, or should we think of that as just a domestic concern?
Marc Grandisson: It's a similar issue. It's not to the same acuteness in some kind of level, but the world has similarly closed down in a courts. It's not as litigious internationally as you would expect, but we're still seeing some hardening in international casualty as well. We saw this for the last two, three years. So it’s a very similar hardening of the market, may not be as acute in terms of reserving potential issues. And I'm not talking now to the globals that are internationally underwriting internationally, that's a different story, right? If they write in the U.S., they will have similar issue, but there is similar issues all around, but it's not to the same level internationally we’d see in the U.S.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks for taking the follow-up. I will say I think you have a lot of folks wondering who's writing the coverage for your conference call provider. But my follow-up is on casualty insurance. Can you give us a sense of the loss trend that you're booking your casualty insurance book to and what rate you're getting in casualty insurance as well?
Marc Grandisson: Well, it depends on line of business, Elyse, but I think the numbers you hear around 7, 8, 9, 10, sometimes it's 5. It depends on line of business, depends on the attachment point, it depends on the limit that you provide, depends on the size of risk. But the numbers you hear -- the numbers that are heard around the marketplaces, we see the similar phenomenon. I think we've said it historically, it's coming -- it's happening as we speak, that the insurance trend in liability generally will out pay the CPI increase. And we're seeing this coming back, so with 200, 300 basis points above. So we’re largely consistent with those kinds of pick.
Elyse Greenspan: So loss trends, you said 7, 8, 9, 10, but can vary by line and sometimes be 5%. Where would you put the price increase?
Marc Grandisson: Oh, again, depending on line of business, but we're low to mid-teens, I would say right now.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Low to mid-teens. I'm just also repeating. So folks listening?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I appreciate. I appreciate, Elyse. Thank you. Yes.
Elyse Greenspan: Can't hear the answer. So low to mid-teens. Yes, I think that's one, I guess on your, one last one, your cat, you said your PML went a little bit higher, right? But the percent of equity is lower, given the equity rise in the quarter, where would you put your cat load at the start of 2024?
François Morin: Well, certainly up from 2023, right. I'd say for the year, we’re looking at somewhere loss ratio points, right? Call it 7% or so of like 6% to 8% of like our premium would be kind of like the cat load.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. 6% to 8% cat load. Thank you for taking the follow-up.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Elyse.
François Morin: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Cave Montazeri from Deutsche Bank.
Cave Montazeri: Good morning, guys, it's Cave.
Marc Grandisson: Good morning.
Cave Montazeri: Hey, I have a question on reinsurance terms and conditions and attachment points. Does feel like overall the industry probably took on more high frequency, low severity risk than they should have over the past couple of years. And now maybe on aggregate reinsures are probably more willing to negotiate on price than on attachment points or terms and conditions. Just tell me what your view is on that topic.
François Morin: Are you talking about property?
Cave Montazeri: Yes, property.
François Morin: Yes. I think -- well, I think what we’ve seen is we continue to see is that a lot of lower layers historically for the last four or five years turn out to be just swapping money, trading dollars back and forth. And there was a lot more activity, perhaps of frequency, as you mentioned, and the reinsurance market was willing to take on. So there was a natural tendency to try to increase a premium at those level but then at some point it breaks down in a sense that the client is buying the reinsurance protection, is paying more for things than they actually realize they should be retaining. That's why you've seen retention go up. Now in a sense, by virtue of having a higher retention, then they have to turn on and then that's what we've seen, they’re turning onto their own portfolio and try to manage and make it better and improving the aggregate loss that they have there. I'm sorry about this. I think that what we're seeing on the cat excessive loss right now is that people are buying more on top because they also are appreciating and evaluating the total level of exposure capacity needed in PML. So I think what people -- what we're seeing is people trading away the bottom layers and buying more on top. And I think we're going to see that a bit more as we go into 2024, which totally makes sense.
Cave Montazeri: Okay. My follow-up question is on mortgage insurance. Now you had been kind of pulling back even before activity came to a halt. But if the fed rate cuts, if they do come lead to a pickup in the U.S. activity in the housing market, would you be happy to grow in line with the market or should we expect you to kind of grow maybe less stuff in the market?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, mortgage, absolutely, we would be. I think that -- yes, the answer is we would be more than happy. We have capacity, capital to be able to deploy and I think we would be very, very pleased to do more. Absolutely.
François Morin: And as you know it's been a very good market, very rationale market. So obviously, the rates were able to charge for the risk will matter and where we -- how we position the book. But in terms of our ability to grow, when we get originations go up, we're absolutely capable and willing to do that.
Operator: Thank you. One more for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore.
David Motemaden: Hi, thanks. Good morning, and apologies, I haven't been hearing the answers, so not sure if you've answered any of these already. But just Marc, you spoke a little bit at the beginning of the call about the need or the strategy to lean in at the early part of a hard market. I guess how do you manage that with potential false starts? It sounds like casualty market on the reinsurance side hasn't hardened as quickly as you've expected. But how do you manage that just internally between writing business that might be hardening, but not totally to where you think it should go and the potential for false starts?
Marc Grandisson: It's a very, very good question. And I think this is where the Arch comes into play; right, in experience and knowing some of the markings of a hardening market, a lot of it also has to do with things you won't hear, right, is our underwriting team sitting down with clients, potential clients, and try to understand, how do you think about the risk? I've talked about reinsurance now specifically, and we also have a very healthy database like everyone else, but we also have our own, and we have our own view of claims and how it develops. And we have, again, experience over 20 years of data and information. And this is what we use to hopefully get the compass in the right order. But if I can't be sitting here and tell you and pretend that we're going to get everything right 100%, it's a little bit more art and science. And I would think that as I'm getting older, the psychology of the market is becoming way more important, feels to me, than even the numbers. And that's probably what compelled me or what made me ask the team to lean into 2019. And you don't know for a fact until it's done, but there are markings or signs in the overall market that help you and support your decision to lean into it heavily. That's all I can tell you, because it's really not a one for one. There’s no like one number one spreadsheet I can point to that will tell you the answer.
François Morin: And the one thing I'll add quickly, David, is the reverse is true as well. When the market goes soft, sometimes you pull back and you might go back too early. But that's the game we play. That's the business we're in, and we do our best. Again, we're never going to time it perfectly, but what matters more is the direction of it. And then over the cycle, we think we should come out ahead.
David Motemaden: Yes, no, understood. That makes sense. And then Marc, you had mentioned that at 1/1 the property market continued to improve, property cat reinsurance market. I guess as we sit here today and sort of looking forward at the sustainability of that as we move through 2024, what's your view now on that and the growth opportunities in property cat?
Marc Grandisson: First, we have no growth constraints per se. We can grow. As you know, François mentioned, the value of our PML is 9.2%, so we have room to grow there. I think the question about where it's going to go is so difficult to answer because it's dependent on what happens and what kind of activity we see this year. But if I would probably point to you to the 2006 turn of the market in 2007, that's probably a better way to think about it. 2006, or 2007, 2007 was a better year than 2006. And 2008, 2009, and 2010 were really, really good years in property because the market, as we all know, goes up really, really quickly but does not go down in one fell swoop. You've got a lot of sustainability in the returns for a little while. It takes a while before things get too close to the line or below the line of what we want to adjust. So we have some runway in front of us.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood. And I know in the past you've said alternative capital, or ILS can -- has the ability to swing the market one way or the other. What exactly are you seeing there?
Marc Grandisson: What we hear is there’s still a very high demand for returns which prevents or high demand for returns and also still some level of skepticism that might change, but we'll see where that goes. But clearly, right now, at the margin, some increases, but it's not the wave that we saw probably in 2014, 2015, 2016, nowhere near that.
Operator: Thank you. Arch Capital Group answers have been captured and will be available in the replay. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: First of all, I want to apologize thoroughly for the call quality and the dropping in and out. There will be a recording available for replay, and you know, our two esteemed colleagues, Don and Vinay will be available to follow-up obviously. I want to thank you for listening to our call and I'm looking forward to speak to you again in April. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2023 Arch Capital Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the Company gets started with this update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These states are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filled by the Company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliations to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in the Company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company's earnings press release and is available on the Company's website and on the SEC's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Gigi. Good morning, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. I hope everybody is safe and well. Yesterday, we reported another excellent quarter, highlighted by strong performances from each of our three operating segments that resulted in an annualized operating return of 25% and a 4% increase in book value per share. Overall, our teams capitalized on good underwriting conditions and relatively light catastrophe losses to produce an outstanding $721 million of underwriting income in the quarter. Our property and casualty teams continued to lean into favorable market conditions to drive $3 billion of net premium, up 26% from one year ago. Mortgage insurance once again delivered impressive high-quality underwriting earnings that we redeployed into our P&C segments where opportunities abound. Broadly, we continue to achieve rate increases above loss trend in most sectors of the P&C market. Although rate increases are slowing in some lines, they are reaccelerating, which is a good reminder that there is not a single insurance cycle with May. As always, Arch is well positioned to navigate across these many cycles by reallocating capital to the segment with the best risk-adjusted returns. One of our core differentiating principle is that our underwriters are aligned with our shareholders through our unique compensation structure. Our underwriting teams are always seeking to maximize opportunities as long as they need our shareholders' targets. As we near the end of 2023 and look ahead to 2024, I believe that although the dynamics may shift, this hard market will continue to support profitable growth. Let's take a moment to recap the current state of the market and where we are likely headed. I see it as a play in three acts. The first act, the current hard market started in primary liability insurance in 2019 and then has a unique circumstance of a two-year pause in claims activity due to a global pandemic. The second act introduced Hurricane Ian as a main character where property reinsurers had to adjust both their pricing and risk appetite. In addition, capital got more expensive and the industry has to respond to meet new expectations from investors. While property has been the most recent driver of this market as we move into act three. We are faced with increasing evidence at casualty rates widely underpriced and oversold during the last submarket need to increase. We expect this third act of the extended hard market already one of the longest in memory to persist until the industry's reserving issues are resolved and until capital rates generate positive results. Arch is well positioned to capitalize on this operating environment. As new hard market underwriting opportunities arise, our incredibly nimble reinsurance group allows us to grow more quickly and significantly than in our insurance group and is therefore where we are most likely to deploy capital first. Today, market trends point to a reinsurance-driven GL hard market, and we stand ready to act. The third act has very started, but things are very promising for Arch. Now some color on our operating segments. Our reinsurance group has once again driven our growth with third quarter net premium written of $1.6 billion, up 45% from the same quarter in 2022 and 60% over the last 12 months. Underwriting performance in the reinsurance group was excellent with a combined ratio of 80% for the quarter. Our expectation is that we will continue to see hard property market conditions to next year's renewal cycle as uncertainty and loss activity remains elevated. As noted above, we expect increased opportunities in liability as well. Our insurance group also remains in growth mode in both our North American and international units, while net premium written in the Insurance segment, up 16% over the last -- over the past 12 months, are more modest than in reinsurance, they are more broad-based because of our focus on small- and medium-sized specialty accounts. Underwriting income continues to build with increased earned premium and a strong combined ratio of 90.9%. Today, there are still plenty of opportunities to grow profitably in insurance. Property and short-dated lines pricing in terms and conditions remained very strong with rate increases in excess of 15%. The then casualty pricing is increasing in response to overall casualty trends in the market and our programs unit continues to achieve rate increases above trend. Professional liability rates softened in the quarter, with net premiums written down 9% in the third quarter of '22. We share the marketplace sentiment about the D&O segment where both IPO and M&A activity decreased, at the same time as rig pressures from competition and security class action activity increased. However, returns in that segment are still strong. In the same vein, we maintained a positive outlook on cyber pricing on an absolute basis despite rate decreases in the 15% range. Our outstanding mortgage group continues to deliver quality earnings for our shareholders anda higher persistency of our in-force portfolio helped offset the slight decrease in NIW which has been affected by lower mortgage originations. Although we tend to focus our comments on the U.S. primary MI market, it is worth noting that nearly 40% of our mortgage segment underwriting profit this quarter came from non-U.S. operations compared to just over 10% in 2017. International business represents a significant growth opportunity for the mortgage group at Arch and our strategic decision to diversify our mortgage operations is yielding positive results that further differentiate Arch from our competitors. We are currently in a positive cycle on the investment side of our business, where increasing cash flows from growth are being invested into today's higher yield environment. New money rates are well in excess of our book yield which should continue to boost our investment income over time and provide us with an additional ongoing tailwind. In late October, which for baseball fans, mean it's fine for the world series, baseball is somewhat unique in that it's one of the few team sports that isn't limited to a specific length of time. You can score as many runs as possible until the other team gets three outs. To me, the current hard market feels like a baseball game. We know there's only nine innings to be placed, but we have no idea how long those innings will take. We've got a great lineup, we're happy to keep paying our singles, doubles and occasional home runs until the beginning is over. At Arch, we remain committed to being good stewards that are capital entrusted to us. We do that by following a tried and true data-driven approach that maximizes the capability of our diversified platform, diligently adheres to a cycle management philosophy and is centered around superior risk selection and prudent reserving. All the while, our underwriters are fully aligned with our shareholders. This principles are foundational to our playbook and underscore our long-term commitment to superior value creation. As we close out 2023, we have significant momentum in all three of our businesses and a reliable and high-quality earnings engine in our mortgage group that are helping fuel our growing investment base. All the pieces are fitting together nicely, and we're well positioned for the future. Now I'll call François up on an on-deck circle, and we'll return to answer your questions shortly. François?
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. To add to the baseball team, I would also emphasize that while this long winning streak has certainly been fueled by a timely and dynamic offense, we're also very much aware that team defense has played an important role in our success. We've been working hard not to waste any offensive production with careless errors and by executing well actively and on the field. We produced exceptional third quarter results from high-quality earnings across all our lines. The highlights of this team effort are numerous and include after-tax operating income of $2.31 per share for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 24.8% and a book value per share of $38.62 as of September 30, up 4.3% in the quarter and 18.4% on a year-to-date basis. Similar to the quarterly results, our reinsurance segment grew net written premium by 45% over the same quarter last year, led by the property other than catastrophe line which was 73% higher than the same quarter one year ago. As for our property catastrophe business, it's worth mentioning that the net written premium in the third quarter one year ago included approximately $34 million of reinstatement premiums, mostly as a result of Hurricane Ian. If we adjust for the impact of reinstatement premiums, our growth in net written premium for this line would have been approximately 64% year-over-year. The quarterly bottom line for the segment was excellent with a combined ratio of 80%, 73.5% on an accident year ex cat basis, producing an underwriting profit of $310 million. The Insurance segment had another very strong quarter, with third quarter net premium roving growth of 11% over the same quarter one year ago. Similar to last quarter's results, we experienced good growth in most lines of business with the main exception being professional lines where the market remains competitive, particularly in public directors and officers liability. If we exclude professional lines, net written premium would have been 20% higher this quarter compared to the same quarter one year ago. Overall, market conditions for our insurance and reinsurance segment remained attractive and we expect the returns on the business underwritten this year to exceed our long-term targets by a solid margin for some business units. Profitable growth during periods of favorable market conditions is one of the hallmarks of our cycle management strategy and the current hard market is definitely giving us the opportunity to deploy meaningful capital in many areas. Our Mortgage segment's banning average has consistently been a league leader, and this quarter was no different with a 4.7% combined ratio. Net premiums earned were in line with the past few quarters across each of our lines of business. Included in our results was approximately $98 million of favorable prior year reserve development in the quarter, net of acquisition expenses with over 75% of that amount coming from U.S. MI and the rest from other underwriting units. Our delinquency rate at U.S. MI remains low based on historical averages and close to 85% of our net reserves at U.S. MI are from post-COVID accident periods at the end of the quarter. Across our three segments, our underwriting income reflected $152 million of favorable prior year development on a pretax basis or 4.7 points on the combined ratio was observed across all three segments, driven by short cat lines. Current accident year catastrophe losses across the group were $180 million, approximately half of which are related to U.S. severe convective storms with the rest coming from the Lahaina wildfire, Hurricane Idaliaand other global events. Pretax net investment income was $0.71 per share, up 11% from last quarter as our pretax investment income yield was up by approximately 18 basis points since last quarter. Total return for our investment portfolio was a negative 40 bps on a U.S. dollar basis for the quarter as our fixed income portfolio was impacted by the increase in interest rates during the quarter and most other asset classes and negative returns in line with broader financial market indices, such as the S&P 500, which was approximately 3.7% in the quarter. Net cash flow from operating activities has been very strong so far this year in excess of $4 billion, which has helped grow our invested asset base by approximately 20% in the last 12 months with new money rates in our fixed income portfolio comfortably above 5%, we should see continued meaningful tailwinds in our net investment income. Turning to risk management. As of October 1, on a net basis, our peak zone natural cat PML for a single event 1- to 250-year return level remain basically unchanged on a dollar basis from July 1 and now stands at 10.1% of tangible shareholders' equity well below our internal earnings. Our capital base grew and got stronger during the quarter and now stands at $18 billion. Our leverage ratio represented as debt plus preferred shares to total capital is currently under 20%, which provides us with significant flexibility as we look to deploy capital as opportunities arise. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question was, hoping to get some thoughts on the January 1 property cat renewals on the reinsurance side. So where do you think rates end up next year on a risk-adjusted basis?
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think the -- it's still early. We have a lot of movement in the marketplace and capital and people are, as you can appreciate, positioning at all the conferences. But our general consensus in the team when we talk to underwriters is that we'll still have improvements in 1/1/24, not as big as 1/1/23, we're still going to get some slight improvement on the reinsurance side of things. What is also -- I mentioned before, this is not really fully reflecting what we believe has been the re-underwriting and reallocating of capacity by our clients, and that remains to be seen how it's going to be reflected and it will depend on the clients frankly. But overall, we still expect a very healthy, very robust 1/1/24 renewal on property.
Elyse Greenspan: And then on your casualty comments, Marc, right, you alluded to that being the third act and really leaning in there on the reinsurance side. I was hoping you could just give us a sense of timing on how that will play out. And if that's a '24 event, do you see the reinsurance book shifting more to casualty? Or do you think it's an environment where they both on property and casualty offer good growth opportunities for the Company?
Marc Grandisson: It's a great question. I think the -- we have a big play in property, as you saw between the property cat on the region side that is and the property other than have core shares and thing in between. So I think we're still very much keen on that line of the business. Liability is a bit harder to evaluate right now because I think the first order is going to have to be looking at our plan for 2024, looking at the reserve or development of the area, the just talking about our clients. So it's going to take a little bit more time for people to figure out what it is they have and what they want to do with it going forward '24. So we'll have probably some of us think that we may have a renewal that is a bit more not as stable as it once was. So I think we'll probably see the early innings to go back to my baseball analogy of that liability possibly at 1/1. The one beautiful thing about GL or the one bad thing depending on the cyber market you're in, it's a longer-term development on a softening and on the hardening the GL can -- it will take a little bit longer to get to where it needs to get to because it takes time for you to get the losses, reflect them in the reserving, and we have a good sense of where the ultimate results are from the prior year to adjust and help inform the pricing you're going to have over there. So this is going to be a lot -- much more protracted third act than the second net was.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: So first, just staying on casualty, there's been a lot of concern about reserves. And obviously, casualty is a fairly broad market category, but what are your thoughts on overall industry reserves in casualty, your reserves? And then maybe any color on the lines within casualty where you think there might be inadequacies and sort of the drivers of that or what's driven the reserve issues?
François Morin: That's a great question, Jimmy. I think there's -- as you said, it's a broad market. Certainly, we've seen some pressure in our own results. I think we see -- so you see both on insurance and reinsurance. On the reinsurance side, we see some of our clients recognizing adverse and the latency of some clients being reported to us, I think is coming through. We like to think we've been proactive in addressing those issues, but you never quite know for sure until everything comes through. But some of the subsets, definitely umbrella is an area that it's something that we're watching carefully. The good thing, I think, with our book is, again, we are big players in that space in the soft market years. So we're seeing some pain but not to the same level we think that may be other as well. And -- but it's a hot topic, and we're going to keep looking at it.
Marc Grandisson: The one thing I would add, Jimmy, to what François just mentioned, is that we are you're hearing from the call that it's going to be more acute, more of a pressure point on the larger accounts than the smaller accounts. I think that the limits deployed there and the uncertainty and the combination of all these years developing is a little bit more probably more a bit more of an urgency in that sector. So we expect the larger accounts, which we don't do a lot of on the insurance side to be the first one to really feel the pressure.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then on mortgage insurance, I would have thought, and I think most investors thought that at some point, you would see sort of a step down in your results, still strong earnings, but maybe not as strong as they had been the years following COVID because of the release of COVID related reserves. Just wondering how we can sort of get an idea on how much of the COVID-related reserves are still on your books and could be released versus maybe an ongoing benefit from that in the next few quarters?
François Morin: Well, I made the comment close to 85% of our reserves as U.S. MI are from post-COVID years. So that would mean '20 and after. But let's remember that when we were coming out of COVID, we saw just a lot of changes in home prices, home price appreciation and potential over valuation, right? So when we were sending reserves in the last few years, '21, '22, even up until early '23, that was a concern of ours. So we were somewhat -- as you would expect us to do somewhat more prudent I'd say in setting our reserves. how that plays out when delinquencies cure, we don't know. Could there be further favorable development maybe. But I'd say, for the most part, what's really been happening in the last couple of years is just I'd say very much again a function of the housing market, which has been just exploded and then created a different set of kind of data points that we're trying to analyze, and that's how -- what we based our reserves on. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of color on the question.
Marc Grandisson: I'll just add one thing to me on the industry. The industry is extremely disciplined again, a very nice thing to see around us. So from an ongoing perspective, putting the reserve for one second, if I can talk to the -- our expectations. And we think that there's still risk on the horizon, but the credit quality of our portfolio the housing supply imbalance that you hear fromFrançois and the fact that we have a lot of healthy equity into a policies in force is it looks really, really good. And when we say that our mortgage growth is also doing very well, and that's what we mean. It's in a really good place.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui from Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: While you posted double-digit insurance premium growth this quarter, the pace has decelerated a bit over the last two years. It looks like peak insurance premium growth was in mid-'21, and that might be a tough benchmark given you've grown a ton and professional ability and you are shrinking error, as you pointed out. Could we expect insurance premium growth at double digits to be sustainable going forward? Or should we see it fall to high single digits because of the professional lines headwind? And I'm just wondering if it's fair to assume that you prefer deploying capital into reinsurance now, all else being equal?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. In terms of return expectations, I think your instinct is right on. I think reinsurance is providing right now very, very healthy returns. We expect this to continue into '24 and '25, to be honest. But the insurance group, I think it's one quarter, there's couple of moving parts due to some accounting thing, timing and stuff here and there sometimes. But as François mentioned, the growth in the line that we like to see growth into I'm very pleased to see because this is where I would expect the team to grow it but the market conditions are great there. And I would expect even some of those nonprofessional lines to actually maybe carry the day bit more going forward. I wouldn't be surprised that we could go back above 10% next quarter and into 2024. So I'm not -- I don't see one quarter of the trend, to be honest.
Tracy Benguigui: Right very helpful. You slightly shortened the duration of your asset portfolio in September to 2-point, nine, seven years from 3.03 years in June. It feels like you're taking durational asset mismatch because the MI liabilities are much longer dated. Given the shape of the yield curve is beginning to show signs of steepening, I mean to tad bit less inverted. Going forward, would you consider lengthening your asset duration? Or you feel comfortable with the sub-3-year duration level?
François Morin: Good point. I think the duration is probably the lower it's been in a long, long time, and that's just our investment professionals here again make the decisions, and there's obviously a little bit of tax expats involved and kind of where they want to play at a certain point in time. But for sure, absolutely. If interest rates, we think the longer the curve ends up being a bit more attractive. I mean, we certainly consider extending the duration a little bit. And we've got a bit of room there anyway just to match with the liabilities to make sure that we're not mismatch there. So that's certainly something that we'll look at in the coming months and quarters, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: First question, it sounds like you are pretty constructive looking into 1/24. Can you maybe talk about your prioritization of capital? And maybe give us a way to think about maybe potential available capital you have to deploy into the insurance and reinsurance markets?
François Morin: Well, yes, we are constructive on 1/1. I think we -- Marc and I said it, I think it's a really good market in totality. There's some pockets that are certainly better than others. We think that the internal capital generation, we've been able to generate in the last few quarters gives us the ability to really grow and take advantage of the opportunities that we think have a good chance of being there. Again, we don't make the market. We participate in the market. So if the market is as positive as we think it can be, then we'll be happy to step in and take a bigger share of it. But I think the fact that we've got capital flexibility has always been one of the -- and on a onetime things and our strategy all along is we want to make sure that we have plenty of capital to deploy when the market is right. And so far, we've been able to do that.
Marc Grandisson: So Yaron, if I look at the high level, the way we think about -- we think about it, it's different perhaps than even our underwriting units, meaning that they don't really, they were doubting how much capital is allocated to them at the beginning of the period. I want to remind everyone that people write the business or underwriting fee write the business. And then we -- after that, charge them with the capital they've been using. And based on the planning and all the expectations that we have, our message there has been -- there is no capital constraint or issue concerns that, that pertains to you guys. If you see the market being a better and even get better than we saw, feel free to deploy more capital if you wish to do so. So there's definitely there's all hands on deck go forward if we can invite the business. That's one thing that's really nice and we'll then attribute the capital after we have written the business. That's what we do every year. On the property cat side, which is probably a more interesting one for is worth to you, we're about 85% allocated to the reinsurance group in terms of PML thatFrançois mentioned. And I think it's because the returns there are a little bit more favorable on the reinsurance side. And then we had the discussion at the group level. That's one exception. So when we have an acute or a specific area of the capital, we'll sit down with the Insurance Group and Reinsurance Group with Nicolas facilitating the whole discussion, and we'll sort of decide to roughly broadly where we want to allocate capital.
Yaron Kinar: I appreciate that. And then certainly, I think the capital availability and the appetite to deploy is a very important part of the or story. And I guess from that perspective, is there anything you can offer us in terms of an attempt to quantify the available capacity? Or is that something that we'll just have to watch and see?
François Morin: Yes. I mean, we -- certainly, we have some capital -- we have plenty of capital available. We just don't know what the market will look like at 1/01. So that's why I'd say you're right, probably have to -- what you see a little bit, see how 1/1 play out and then we'll have the ability to do something with the excess capital in.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my other question, just on public D&O and cyber, where we're clearly seeing a little bit of pressure and competitive pressure there. Do you still view rates as adequate there? And are they clearing the loss cost trends?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, our return expectation on both these lines, cyber and D&O, is still very, very healthy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker from Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: Yes. With the high retentions, this quarter in terms of premium ceded. Can you go maybe line by line or dig in a little bit about which lines of business you're retaining more? And is that a signal that you've gotten to the point where you have enough information that you love the profitability more and want to keep it yourself? Or is your you're looking at your capital thing, we have the capital deployed. So let's eat a bigger plates the pie. How did that all come together?
Marc Grandisson: I think you answered the question beautifully. I mean by asking a question to give the answer, I think that all those things you said are true. I'll get to the lines in a second. But to your point is exactly right. We're going to this hard market and we make -- we still value reinsurance. You cannot go without a reinterest. You still need for various reasons, limits management, risk management and also information, right? Reinsurers are providing us on the insurance side with valuable information about what the market is and the state of the market. So we don't want to be an outlier out there. So it's always good to have this as an additional value proposition from the reinsurance companies. In terms of what we decided to do over three years, you're quite right, we have been building, asFrançois mentioned, a significant amount of capital through our mortgage earnings. So that's certainly something that was helpful and available to deploy in other areas, and that also helps being able to maintain and retain more net. I think if you at a high level, I think that the patterns of buying, we're buying a fair amount of less on the liability lines, specifically those that went through the first act and really had a lot of good uplift. So we definitely saw that happening on the property, even though the property is very hard, as we all know, since last year, this is a much more volatile line of business, so we still maintain our loss on the cat side and still by a quota share, a significant quota share on that business as well. So I think overall, it's meant to be the balancing act between providing relief or volatility protection to some extent and information. But you're quite right, having more capital definitely helped us take more net on our balance sheet.
Joshua Shanker: And switching gears a little bit. When you have a 25% ROE quarter, you're making a lot of money and you have a large team that has contributed to that result. I assume they'd like to be paid for their good work. How should we think -- we've not seen a quarter like this in a long time in a year like this. How should we think about the pattern and the cost of discretionary comp where it hits the P&L and how it should compare with prior years?
François Morin: Great question, sorry. We -- just again, in terms of timing, right, our incentive compensation decisions are made in the first quarter will be made in February of next year. But no question that throughout the year, we accrue expected bonuses based on what we think that our performance might look like, and there's effectively a true-up that takes place in the first quarter when the final amounts are determined. Something we're keeping an eye on. So I don't know if there'll be an early adjustment in the fourth quarter or not something we'll be looking at carefully, so that we don't go to distort too much the first quarter next year. Obviously, the Board has final say in how much money will be available to pay our troop. So that's -- it's a little bit of -- we don't want to front run it. We want to be reasonable and not introduce too much volatility in the numbers on the OpEx side. But that's certainly something that we'll take a look at in the fourth quarter to make sure we're not missing anything here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Scott from Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: First one I had is on the attritional loss ratio in the reinsurance segment. I was just thinking if you could give us a little more color around just what's driving this year, favorable performance year-over-year? And if there's anything new as we should be thinking about or if it's just the pricing environment being as strong as it is?
François Morin: Two quick things there. One is -- and we said it before, and it goes both ways. We think of reinsurance as a line of business or a segment that we think is better analyzed on a trailing 12 month basis. We think looking at a quarterly there'll be some good, it will be some bad. And we've said in past quarters where we have elevated the traditional claim activity. We said don't panic, don't overthink it in the same way here, I think. So we would certainly encourage everybody here to look at a trailing 12-month basis to have a better view of the long-term kind of prospects of the segment. The other thing I'd say is also, obviously, we've grown a bit more in property than relative to get align. So by nature, right, our ex cat combined ratio should probably come down and it has as a result of, again, the growth -- the significant growth we've had both in property cat and property other than cat.
Alex Scott: Got it. Very helpful. I wanted to ask a follow-up on the comments you made on casualty reinsurance. And I'm just interested in what is changing that's causing more of this commentary to sort of bubble to the surface? I mean, we've heard it from some of the European reinsurers as well. Is it I mean, is it truly just that they're starting to see reserves develop in a poor way for some companies? Or is there something that's changed about the social inflation environment? I mean what do you think is the underlying driver or drivers?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think the industry is -- there's a couple of things going on at the same time, and they unfortunately don't go in the right direction for both for all our industry if you have written casualty. First, we have -- as I mentioned in my comments, we had a bit of a slowdown in activity including core activity, settlement activity. And we also have, as we all know, there's a lot of litigation funding, it's a bit more aggressive is coming from the platelet bar, and that's certainly something that you could describe to be social inflation, but that's not really something new. But there was sort of a lull in this market. It was sort of a spike, if you will, between 2020, '21 to really middle of this year, early this year. So, I think right now, we have sort of a refresh reupdating all the information about the losses of where we are and what could happen with the demand being updated and made more current. At the same time, we have price that business as an industry in 1,519 with inflation at 2%. Now inflation is north of 5, 6, 7, depending on where you look at. So at the same time, of course, we open things are being adjudicated reanalyzed, you have to account for a higher inflation number. And that is a classic case of having a couple of things going against you, nothing that the industry did on its own. It's just the economy and the environment and the risk in it and the environment. So I think that we're facing all collectively as an industry, that phenomenon. And what I like about the industry's capability is, it's reacting and that's what you hear. That's something that we should be very, very happy for collective as an industry. The other calls that you heard this quarter recognize it, and once you recognize an issue and a problem, people are very good and very adept at addressing it. And I think that's what's going on there are couple combination coming in very, very short order because of the surrounding environment. I think this is what largely drives what's going on right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski from BMO Capital Markets.
Michael Zaremski: Switching gears to the to the investment portfolio. So the net realized losses were somewhat outsized again this quarter. I know they run below the line, but any color -- are those -- are you actually crystalizing to take advantage of the higher rates? Or is there noise in there from unrealized stuff or maybe the LPT transactions in the past?
François Morin: Yes. I mean it's mostly around kind of crystallizing some losses. I think it's a process we go through for each security on the fixed income side, where we make the determination. Is it appropriate to sell some of those and redeploy the proceeds and higher yields and our investment team does that. So yes, there are going to be some realized losses coming through the fixed income. Obviously, the equity portfolio, which is not huge, but still there's FBO securities like fair value option securities, including equities that are effectively mark to market, and that comes through the realized gains of losses line in the income statement. So those are the two big items. There's a little bit of other stuff going on that is a little bit of the wheat. So, I wouldn't want to go there, but that's directionally hopefully that's just normal course of action.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. And lastly, on -- is my understanding for me to put out there a second comment letter, maybe it's different, they call something else. But on the potential tax changes that will take place. Are -- any way you could offer us some color on what's -- how things are going to play out base case over the coming year two or? Or does the step-up -- if everything goes as planned, does the step-up in tax rate happen in '24? Or is it a '25 event or both?
François Morin: Yes. It's, again, very early. So too early, unfortunately, to give clear or kind of views on what we think could happen or because they're still developing the laws and we expect more progress on that before the end of the year. But at a high level, it doesn't start at one start if it goes through until 2025. So, there's no impact for 2024 and we will be evaluating the and may publish some target tax rate that they will try to get to. But again, more to come, I think we'll do our best to keep you apprised of how we think about it probably on the next call. But until we have work to now any more clarity on where it's going to land, I think it's a bit premature to give you too much do any details here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Meyer Shields: First question on, I guess, casualty reinsurance. This year, like January 2023, we saw not only significant increases in property capital. We saw changes in program structures with higher attachment points. Is there anything analogous to that, that we should see on the casualty reside in 2024? Or is it just going to be a great story?
Marc Grandisson: Probably more of a great story. The buying pattern on GL is mostly on a quota share. There's a lot of quota share being purchased in that segment. That's also certainly something we prefer to focus our capacity on those of you who followed us for years, this is where we prefer to focus on capacity. On the excess of loss, my people don't really buy a lot. People don't put out is like $60 million, $80 million, $100 million limit. So, we don't have a similar kind of risk -- the risk vertical is not as big. And in terms of events, like a cat portfolio, you could see where things are accumulating can generate hundreds and hundreds million dollars of exposure. In the liability side, it's not the same. You already have a necessarily one or two events that could really impact such a wide area of your GL. So, I think we'll see a lot more filters more on a quota share basis and some of the excess of look here and there. It's not very similar -- it's not at all similar to the property market.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's very helpful. And second question, and hopefully, I can ask this in a way that makes sense. When we talk about reserve problems from older accident years, ultimately driving casualty rate increases to accelerate. Is that the industry can over earn in 2024 and backfill? Or is it because the recalculated full year's losses mean that current rates are actually not as adequate as we thought?
Marc Grandisson: I think it's the latter. I mean it's a bit of the former, to be honest with you, people have to recognize those losses if they have them. I do believe -- as we talk about Meyer, you know that as well as we do, you're going to enter yourself, the reserving process feeds the pricing process. And clearly, if we have a reserving that's a bit higher than you would have expected, it will help inform your loss ratio historically. You have to put a trend on them, to the on-level analysis that helps get you to the price increase that you're looking at. So the past as it's developing, will inevitably lead you to having to charge more. And the reason we'll do a whole lot of large GL for that matter is precisely because of your second point, which has been historically a little bit wanting on the rate level and the rate level side.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's worrisome about recent years for the industry, but that's very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Huang from Morgan Stanley.
Bob Huang: Congratulations on the quarter. Just a quick question on your insurance segment's loss ratio year-on-year loss ratio improved for about 30 bps. But just given just the strong E&S pricing environment, shouldn't we expect a little bit better improvement in loss ratio. Is there anything in the loss trends that probably differed from how you thought about your loss picks in the past, just see if there are any comments around that?
François Morin: Maybe -- I mean I think the answer is really around like us being proof and initial loss picks. We don't want to get into the game of being overly optimistic. There's still a lot of risk out there. There's still a lot of uncertainty when we price the business, whether, again, we just been talking about casualty loss trends in particular, that's an area that we're watching carefully. So, we'd rather -- and it's been our model for many, many years is pick a realistic kind of a bit more conservative initial loss pick on -- when we book the business and then react to the data when it comes in. So, we're hopeful there could be good news down the road. But for the time being, we're very happy with our loss picks.
Bob Huang: Okay. My second question is a follow-up on the reinsurance core combined ratio. Obviously, it was very strong and I think you mentioned that a lot of it is due to business mix shift, right, shifting towards property and then because of that and then you naturally have an improving combined rate -- loss ratio there. Just curious if we were to think about going forward, the run rate combined ratio for your reinsurance segment, based on the comments so far, is it fair to sort of assume that it's going to be closer to what you printed over the last two quarters and probably better than the prior quarters. Is that a fair way to think about it just from a modeling perspective?
François Morin: Again, I mentioned like the thinking around trailing 12 months, which is where I would start -- to help you kind of with assumptions, I would -- if you're going to -- we think about it in totality around the combined ratio, but if you're breaking down the loss and the expense ratio, yes, maybe there's a -- given the growth, maybe there's potentially the latest quarter of OpEx is probably more sustainable given we've been able to generate that premium, that growth with the same level of resources. But on the loss ratio side, I think it's just -- I would be careful not to over I mean give too much weight to the latest quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions here, first on the MI segment. I know there's clearly some market pressures, but NIW definitely down year-over-year. And it looks like just looking at some of the stats you all have been losing some market share in the MI segment. Is that intentional? Are you any concerns about the outlook here on the MI as far as delinquencies? Or is it more related to perhaps just better use of capital elsewhere?
Marc Grandisson: It's more the latter than the former. I would actually say tell you, right, that the market is better this year than it was in last year. So, I would argue that we might change the way we intent the market over the next 12 to 24 months. But certainly, at heart, we have been saying that to you historically it hasn't changed last quarter, which in terms of relative returns based on the three segments on the underwriting segments. MI is a third one, but a very strong one, I would say, at this point in time. But again, it's more a reflection of the relative opportunity between the units than anything else. In the market, Brian, I'll tell you the market is very, very disciplined. We're very impressed by the industry or the MI industry.
Brian Meredith: Good to hear. And then I guess my second question, Marc, as I think about if this next leg is coming through the third act on the casualty reinsurance side. I guess that probably comes through a lot on the ceding commission side, if you get you get better ceding commissions, should we continue to see kind of the acquisition kind of expense ratios on the reinsurance side kind of moving down here as we head through 2024, given was going on with the casualty reinsurance part, particularly since you play quota share?
Marc Grandisson: Well, yes, I think the ceding commissions about store three right now we'll see what that ends up. There might be a slight change or we'll see how -- it's also going to be dependent on how the underlying market is improving as a reinsurance player. But I think what's our acquisition comes right now reinsurance is mid-low, low 20s. So, I think if you have more of a portfolio even if that's argued, it's a 30% ceding commission. So you might see actually, the acquisition going up a little bit. But again, as Franco mentioned, all the time talk about when we have these questions about the expense ratio and loss ration but not restarted the return and whether the combined ratio lends ourselves to return when it comes from losses of expenses we have already losing sleep here. So, I think this is…
Brian Meredith: And I was going to say that I guess maybe the right way to think about it is that if you're leaning more into the GL, the underlying combined ratios may actually move up some here as you look forward because we have a different return profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak: Just on the MI. I wondering if you could expand on the growth opportunity internationally, you referenced in your commentary. I know Australia is a big market for you, but we're also are you focused outside of the U.S.? Or is it mostly just Australia you're referring to?
Marc Grandisson: Great question. I think in non-U.S. base is also the CRT, which is granted exposed to the U.S. MI, the excess of loss program that the GSEs have developed over that and we have developed over the last 11, 12 years. Internationally -- so that's a piece of it, you see it in our financial supplement. Internationally, we have Australia. As you know, we have a good size, great relationship and a great presence there. We're very pleased with it. We're also getting a little bit more market share there even though the mortgage origination is a slowdown there as well. The other is really in development is the international with European specifically, SRT, which are 90% mortgage-backed credit risk transfer, they look a lot like the CRT business that we have in the U.S. Most of it is done because banks need to release capital that Basel III led the transactions. And we've been doing it for a little while, and we've partnered up, we actually with another European company who's very steep in that area. So that's a growing area right now because I think the -- there's a lot more need for capital. As you know, Scott, not only in the U.S. [indiscernible] has a similar consideration. So, it helps us be there for them to provide more capital relief and it's certainly something that we're focusing more efforts on.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. That's helpful. And then the -- just the risk profile and the credit quality and the default ratios on those, I would assume those are very favorable. But how does that all compare to outside of the U.S. and internationally versus the U.S. book?
Marc Grandisson: I don't want to say too much because you're going to get more competition in the segment. High level of comparable and sometimes better than the CRT we see, but we still a little bit more work to be done there, those who are trying to get in the business. I think you should talk to us, first of all, help you hit in the business.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you so much, everyone, for listening to our commentary this quarter. Looking forward to the end of the year. Happy Halloween. See you next time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2023 Arch Capital Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends to be forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliations to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website and on the SEC's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sir, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Josh. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. We're more than half way through 2023 and through our commitment to underwriting acumen, prudent reserving and cycle focused capital allocation, we were able to deliver another quarter of profitable growth.  In the second quarter, our results were primarily driven by our willingness and ability to deploy capital into lines with superior risk-adjusted returns. Our operating results in the quarter were stellar with an annualized operating return on average common equity of 21.5% that drove a 4.8% increase in Arch's book value of common share for the quarter. As you know, book value per share growth is our primary focus on our road to creating long-term value for our shareholders. Each segment generated over $100 million of underwriting income in the quarter. These outstanding returns reflect our ability to effectively execute in each segment. We're really operating in our sweet spot.  I also want to commend our employees for the continued exceptional growth they've delivered in the quarter, most notably a 32% increase in property and casualty net premium written compared to the same quarter a year ago. This hard P&C market is proving to be one of the longest we've experienced and we are in an enviable position as we look to 2024 and beyond.  We often refer to the insurance clock developed by to help illustrate the insurance cycle. You can find the clock on the download cap for this webcast or on our corporate website. If you can't do the clock right now, just picture a traditional clock dial. For some time, we've been hovering at 11:00, which is one we expect most companies in the market to show good results as rate adequacy improves and loss trends stabilize.  Last year, a popular topic on earnings calls was whether rate increases were slowing or what the rates were even decreasing. These are classic signs of the clock hitting 12 when returns are still very good, but conditions begin to soften. Yet here we are in mid-2023 and conditions in most markets remain at 11:00. We've even checked the batteries in the clock and they're just fine. The clock isn't broken. It's just that the current environment dictates an extended period of rate hardening.  So what's sustaining this hard market? Well, I believe it's a relatively simple combination. Heightened uncertainty is driving an imbalance of supply and demand for insurance coverage. Since this hard market inception in 2019, we've had COVID to war in Ukraine, increased cat activity and rising inflation, all of which create significant economic uncertainty. Underwriters have had to account for more unknowns. Beyond those macro factors, industry dynamics also play a role in sustaining the hard market. Generally, in adequate pricing and overly optimistic loss trend assumptions during the soft market years of 2016 through 2019 have led to inadequate returns for the industry.  The impact of these factors should cause insurers to raise rates and purchase more reinsurance in a capacity-constrained market with limited new capital formation. Put it all together, and it may be a while before the clock strikes 12 and we begin to move beyond this hard market.  I'll now share a few highlights from our segments. First, P&C. In the second quarter, the reinsurance group was successful again at seizing growth opportunities. In particular, the media property and property cat renewals saw a significant improvement in rate adequacy and our underwriters are already willing and able to provide valuable capacity to our clients. Our PML or exposure to a single event in a 1-in-250-year return period went up in the quarter while our premium income grew substantially.  At July 1, our peak zone exposure rose to 10.5% of tangible equity. Overall exposure to property cat risk remain well within our threshold and because of our diversified portfolio and broad set of opportunities, we retain the flexibility to pursue the most attractive returns across lines and geographies. Although there are lines where pricing has declined, large public comes to mind. P&C markets continue to see rate changes above loss trends. Even with those fee lines with weakening rates, the compounded rate increases over the past several years continue to be earned and are generating attractive returns.  Overall, we like the range of opportunities in front of us, and we continue to lean into the current market.  Next is mortgage, which keeps generating meaningful underwriting income and risk-adjusted returns. Housing and credit conditions remain favorable, although high mortgage interest rates tempered demand for mortgage originations and limit refinancing options. The lack of refinancing has led to a historically high persistency rate of 83%. High persistency stabilizes our insurance in force, which, as many of you know, drives mortgage insurance earnings.  Our disciplined underwriting process and risk-based pricing model have helped us to build a healthy risk-reward profile for the business we write. The composition of the overall book with high FICO scores and low loan-to-value and debt-to-income ratios remains one of the best risk profiles in the industry.  International growth, along with our GSE credit risk transfer of business, enabled us to profitably manage risk better than more online U.S.-only companies, a key differentiator of our MI global platform.  Mortgage insurance plays a valuable role in our diversified business model and continues to generate capital that is and can be deployed into the most attractive opportunities across the enterprise.  Moving on to investments now. Since our second quarter on the call last year, the Federal Reserve has increased, as we all know, the rates 8x for a total of 375 basis points. Given our short duration portfolio, these hikes have positively affected our net investment income, which is up approximately 22% over the first quarter of '23. New money rates exceed our book yield, which, along with our strong cash flow, sets the stage for further growth and book value creation.  Have a on the brain after watching the incredible Wimbledon final couple of weeks ago, it was an epic match-up 20-year-old sensation, Carlos Alcaraz, taking on all-time Novak Djokovic, was a back and forth match that lasted nearly 5 hours before Alcaraz emerged victorious. There was one pivotal moment that will be remembered for years. In the third set, a single game, something that usually takes about 3 to 5 minutes, instead lasted 26 minutes. The game included 13 deuces and 7 breakpoints. It was an incredible display of tenacity and athleticism. Not to mention the mental strength required to remain focused. It was insane.  But what really struck with me was that kind of like this hard market, the game simply refused to end where many times where a single winning shot would have ended the game, but it just kept going. About 15 minutes in, it became clear that we just needed to enjoy what we were watching and not focus on the end point. So that's what we're doing with this hard market, returning what the market serves us with gusto.  As always, our goal remains to generate strong risk-adjusted returns in order to create long-term value for our shareholders at lower volatility. The exceptional profitable growth over the last several years has fortified our market presence and helped us achieve one of the most profitable quarters in our company's history. This is a type of well around the quarter we've always envisioned. The sweet spot, if you will, and we look forward to building on this momentum in upcoming quarters. I'll the court now to Francois, and then we'll return to answer your questions.
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today on this gorgeous day in Bermuda. As Marc highlighted, our underwriting and investment teams delivered excellent results across their respective areas in the second quarter, which resulted in a performance that exceeded that from our very strong first quarter. For the quarter, we reported after-tax operating income of $1.92 per share for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 21.5%. Book value per share was $37.04 as of June 30, up 4.8% in the quarter and 13.5% on a year-to-date basis.  Turning to the operating segments. Net premium written by our Reinsurance segment grew by 47% over the same quarter last year, and this growth was observed in most lines of business. Growth was particularly strong in the property catastrophe and property other than catastrophe lines with net written premium being 205% and 53% higher, respectively, than the same quarter 1 year ago, a reflection of the fact that market conditions in these lines remain very attractive.  As a result, the quarterly bottom line for the segment was excellent, with a combined ratio of 81.9%, producing an underwriting profit of $245 million. The accident year ex cat combined ratio was 77.4%. The Insurance segment also performed well, with second quarter net premium written growth of 18% over the same quarter 1 year ago and an accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 89.8%.  Except for professional lines, which saw a slight decrease in net written premium in our public directors and officers business due to a more competitive market, all our underwriting units in insurance, both in the U.S. and internationally, saw good growth in the quarter as market conditions remain excellent.  Our Mortgage segment had another excellent quarter with strong performance across all units, leading to a combined ratio of 15%. Net premiums earned were in line with the past few quarters, reflecting a high level of persistency in our insurance in force during the quarter at U.S. MI, partially offset by lower levels of terminations in Australia and higher levels of premium.  Benefitting results was approximately $84 million in favorable prior year reserve development in the quarter, net of acquisition expenses, with over 75% of that amount coming from U.S. MI and the rest spread across our other underwriting units.  [Indiscernible] activity at U.S. MI was again very strong this quarter, and our delinquency rate stood at 1.61%, its lowest level since the onset of the COVID pandemic. At the end of the quarter, over 80% of our net reserves at U.S. MI are from post-COVID accident periods. Overall, our underwriting income reflected $116 million of favorable prior year development on a pretax basis or 3.9 points on the combined ratio and was observed across all 3 segments mainly in short-term lines.  Current accident year catastrophe losses across the group were $119 million, over half of which are related to U.S. severe convective storms that have occurred so far this year. Pretax net investment income was $0.64 per share, up 21% from the first quarter of 2023 as our pretax investment income yield was almost up 50 basis points since last quarter. Total return for our investment portfolio was 0.56% on a U.S. dollar basis for the quarter with most of our strategies delivering positive returns. Our interest rate positioning with a slightly shorter duration helped minimize the impact of the increase in interest rates during the quarter.  We remain comfortable with our commercial real estate and bank exposure, which is a high quality and short duration. Net cash flow from operating activities was strong in excess of $1.1 billion this quarter and continues to provide our investment team with additional resources to deploy into the higher interest rate environment. With new money rates in our fixed income portfolio is still in the 4.5% to 5% range, we should see further improvement in our net investment income in the coming quarters, arising primarily from positive cash flows and the rollover of maturing lower-yielding assets.  Turning to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis of the single event 1-in-250-year return level stood at $1.46 billion as of July 1 or 10.5% of tangible shareholders' equity, again, well below our internal limits.  In light of the improved market conditions in the property market, we were able to deploy more capacity, which resulted in a significant premium growth for property lines in both our Insurance and Reinsurance segments. This growth was well diversified across multiple zones. Our view is that the current in-force portfolio with a broader spread of risk across many zones is well positioned to deliver attractive returns.  Our capital base remains very strong with $17.4 billion in capital and a debt plus preferred to capital ratio of 20.5%. Even though the results of the past quarter set the high watermark for us on many fronts. We believe the continued hard work and dedication from our teams, serving the needs of our clients every single day, along with our steadfast commitment as disciplined and dynamic capital allocators, sets us up very well for future success. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo..
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Marc, can you quantify the supply-demand imbalance that you're seeing within the reinsurance market? And how much of that do you think could transpire from an additional pickup in demand potentially at 1/1 2024?
Marc Grandisson: Good question, Elyse. I think the numbers we've seen for around $50 billion to $70 billion is not a crazy number. So I think that where we still have this imbalance occurring. I think that market has found a way to do the reinsurance transaction and buy coverage. But indeed, there was also a -- there could have been more to be had from a reinsurance perspective. But we believe and you heard on the call that insurance companies also had to -- a shock at sort into evaluate what they can buy and how much they could afford based on where the pricing level was.  So I think that just in balance right there of reinsurance. There's also, I believe, we also believe it's in balance in the terms and conditions in the overall broad industry that needs to be more of a function. On one hand, you could create capacity for cat exposure through third-party capital or reinsurance protection. But at the same time, we could also do it through improve in terms of condition on the insurance level. And I think that's also something that will help bridge a gap. And we believe that's going to be more of the key element as well for the next 18 to 24 months.
Elyse Greenspan: And then the , Francois, the accident year underlying combined ratio within reinsurance. Is that a good run rate level or maybe you could get better as we think about some rate earning into the . Is there anything one-off in that number in the quarter?
Francois Morin: Well, I wouldn't say there's anything one-off. It is certainly a very good quarter. I think our view, as we said in the past, when we had some quarters where there's a little bit more activity as we think it's better to look at it on a on a 12-month kind of forward-looking view. So is this quarter going to repeat in the future? Maybe, we just don't know. I mean, but I'll say it's certainly good. There's room for further improvement. But again, recognizing that there's going to be volatility in the reinsurance segment from quarter-to-quarter, I'd say it's -- I'll let you make your pick from there.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, Marc, one more for you. I mean your stock has done really well. So you have a problem, a good problem that any CEO would want in that you have an extremely valuable currency. We sit here with the hard market. You guys obviously have a lot of organic growth opportunities. What would you need to see from an M&A perspective to consider using your stock as currency to enter into any type of transaction?
Marc Grandisson: Well, many things are needed. Obviously, you need -- it takes the time goes -- is going to appreciate in this world. But I think at a high level, at least we're not focused on M&A at this point in time. We're really focusing on growing the book organically. We're also maintaining pretty well EMI as well as other nonproperty exposure. So we do -- we are seeing a lot of opportunities broadly. And this is where -- what our shareholders are paying us to do and this is what we're doing. And this is -- this represents really a once in a little while opportunity to really deploy and really get access to the market in a bigger way to provide more capacity to our clients. And we don't want to miss that. I mean an M&A would have to strategically fit for us beyond the money I think right now, our efforts and time is better focused on organic growth, though at this point in time.  And this is where -- I think we have plenty of opportunities on our own.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: You mentioned that your 1-in-250 PML intangible equity was 10.5% at 7/1 which was up from 8.1% at 4/1 and I recognize your upper tolerance of 25%, it almost feels to me like you have a supplement below the 25%. Is it fair to assume that getting closer to 25% requires an even higher ROE hurdle rate or pricing? Like could we just be theoretical, what would you need to see in order to get more comfortable taking on more volatility in your book where you can get closer over time to that 25%?
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think the -- we're -- first, the one thing about the PML, which is so interesting to us is that we're in the early innings of where it's going to go. So we have to be careful that when we talk about this even internally ourselves, these are the early innings of our market getting much better. And as I mentioned, terms and conditions, we believe, also improving and really helping to manage cat and the cat-related risk better as an industry. So we'll see how that develops over time, Tracy.  I think that we're also a different animal than we were way back when. We've grown up our capital faster than the growth in exposure and needed. So the 25% before is probably a lesser number. I think you're quite right. And we also have to balance the overall portfolio risk profile. But having said all this, there's plenty of room to go from 10.5% to wherever we're going to end up. We don't know where that's going to be, assuming conditions say as they are or even improve further, it certainly will mean more PML growth.  I think that it would have to be substantially better. We actually have a very, very solid construct within our overall capital allocation that will dictate what kind of market share we would have of the market. And all I would say is there's always a place to go to the numbers you talk about, but we'll see if we get there. And I will also remind everyone that it's not a bad to start the index of one of the major brokers, as you all know, it shows us that the pricing for the cat is the highest it's ever been since 1990, even before Andrew.  There's a lot of room, and we're excited to see where that takes us. And one final thing I will take is if you look back at the '05, '06, '07, '08, if you go back on this, if you have enough of a memory or a good document retention policy or a bad one in your company, you'll see that our PML grew in '06, '07, '08, '09. So we kept on accumulating and growing the PML. So it's just a start.
Francois Morin: I'll add on that. Just going back to Marc's earlier point about supply and demand and balance. In is obviously a big market. It was a big renewal in 6/1. And the reality is, even if we wanted to deploy more capital, I think, or more capacity, I mean, the buyers or the companies just don't have the resources or the money to buy the coverage that we think they should be buying. So there's a little bit of wait and see whether it will take -- it will be a full year before the they reprice their product and then it gives them more money potentially to spend on resource protection, which we, again, assuming the pricing stays at the current levels, we would deploy more capital. But certainly, the demand is a big factor in our ability to grow PML.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. I would say that if you do change your threshold and I get it's very fluid and the demand equation is also different, that you would provide an update to the market on that. Real quick, do you have a house view on how this year's hurricane season will shape up. There was talk about average hurricane season and now people are talking about above average. How do you see that playing out this year?
Marc Grandisson: Well, we don't have a view on the view. What we have a view with [indiscernible], we have a mineralogists who evaluate the sea surface temperature, which I'm sure everybody is in those numbers. We expect average, maybe slightly above average last time you gave us a presentation. But as you know, Tracy, it moves week to weeks, and we'll see when we get there. We're a little bit almost starting this season, so we'll see how that develops. But we tend to take a longer-term view, Tracy, of the frequency and the severity of the hurricane season. So we believe that the pricing as it is right now accounts for a lot of deviation from the long-term expected that even if you had a little bit above average, I think that the market will be in a really, really good place.  Not only us as a part in the market is on the reinsurance side has priced the business with that long-term expected, which has, as we all know, a little bit of that increased frequency in of late. So that is reflected in the marketing that all companies are using.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: First, just a question on your comments on supply/demand. And besides the absolute price, obviously, terms and conditions have improved as well. And where we can see the data, it seems like most of the primary insurers are absorbing more of the first dollar loss. But obviously, we don't see the data from all of them. But how broad-based is this and do you think there's sort of been a little bit of a transfer of risk, cat risk from the reinsurers to the primary companies given changes in terms and conditions.
Marc Grandisson: I think the last part is a true statement. I think the Q2 numbers you saw for some of the other -- some of our clients actually and competitors demonstrate that that's a little bit more retained. And these are the kind of question. I mean if you get quite a coverage, you have to retain it yourself. The terms and conditions change, this is what fastening for this market, it is not only a property cat terms and condition change. It is a very broad-based property terms and conditions and price improvement that is sought by a lot of companies.  I think the market globally has the like I said last quarter's scoring the camp, but having to mend and optimize and reshape and re-underwrite the portfolio. And one of the key things that we see that evidence is that, is that a facultative team in our property have an increased amount of submission this first half of the year. And what's interesting, the E&S property on the insurance obviously has some kind of exposure, a fair amount of it, but it's not only that. Our [indiscernible] data book of business is not necessarily. It's actually not cat-heavy portfolio, which is an indication as fact that it is typically in any market is a good indication for where the market psychology is.  So beyond the cat when they provide fire protection, the pricing and the conditions are improving there as well. In very much a broad base and in the early stages. And I will say and remind everyone, and we have to remind ourselves of this is that this is a second or third year of property rates in terms of consumer loan approval. So it's not the first shot at it. It's an ongoing process. And I think that it just got -- we position in top of mind to and certainly in the second quarter. This year, we believe will help maintain a bit of that going forward.
Jamminder Bhullar: And then on the MI business, you've had obviously very sizable reserve releases over the past couple of years. How much of the forbearance related reserves that you put up. Are those mostly released? Or is there more room to go there?
Francois Morin: I mean they're mostly gone. I think we've released a fair amount of the reserves that we put up in the early, in 2020, effectively during the early days of the pandemic. As I mentioned, like a lot of the cures that we're seeing now are from '21 and '22. So that's good news. And as you know, the reserve base has shrunk quite substantially from the peak of 2020 or late 2020. So we were still very prudent. We still look at the data every single month as the new delinquencies come in and how quickly we cure and all of that, but we're so very comfortable with our reserve position there.
Jamminder Bhullar: And if I could just ask one more on -- in the past, when the market has been really good, we've seen some companies go out and raise equity, try to take advantage of that. And a couple of your peers have done that as well, obviously, not to a very large extent. But what do you think about your sort of desire to do that if the demand really picks up and your business continues to grow?
Francois Morin: Well, it will be a function of the market. I mean it's -- we've been able to grow quite substantially in the last few years without raising any additional capital. As I've told many people over the last few months, we have the luxury of having a mortgage unit that provides a source of capital that we have been able to redeploy in the P&C space. So assuming similar conditions where P&C start stays very hard and mortgage still does very well, but isn't growing substantially, we still think there'll be -- we'll be able to generate capital internally. But again, hard to have the crystal ball on what 2024 will look like. So we're -- as I mentioned, we got plenty of capacity. We have low leverage, so that we got a lot of tools in the toolbox, and we'll react to the market as it presents itself.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO.
Michael Zaremski: Great. Maybe just wanted to learn more about market conditions in the primary insurance segments. I definitely heard your comments about rate change both loss trend and pieces of where overall we are in the underwriting lifestyle clock. But just curious, we're seeing kind of different data points from companies on pricing power levels. Some are showing flattish pricing power, some are showing deceleration. I know you guys operate in a lot of different pockets. But would you say overall pricing in the primary insurance segment is accelerating? Or maybe it's worth bifurcating between casualty versus property as well?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, you have to bifurcate the market to your question. I think the overall statement, I will say is that from our perspective, we look at our portfolio, as you just mentioned, by all the specialty lines and most of them still getting rate increases that actually get a bit more pickup in rate increase on the last quarter or 2, which was a good thing to see and the right thing to see, obviously. But I think the workers' comp is a good example for rates not going up still, and there's a reason for it. It's been historically well performing, performing better than all the initial picks from all the folks out there. So I can see why there is some validity or at least reason behind that.  This is what I would tell you the word we use for the industry right now in the U.S. specifically is rationality. It's a very rational market. That's a reason for things to happen. The reason for example, are economically based and not grow the market share or making it flash or marketing driven. Companies are really doing the best they can to underwrite the best and being appropriate, like in getting price increase a certain degree to line that needed more than others. I think the market is fairly rationalize for future.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Switching gears a bit to the reinsurance side of the marketplace. Would you say there's been a lot of terms and conditions changes and just even changes too, especially in Florida. Would you say that if there is a major event, should we be looking at historical market shares that the reinsurers in Arch have had and then care cutting it? Would that be like the right exercise to do given we're or kind of in hurricane season?
Marc Grandisson: I think we've grown our portfolio, right? I mean, you can see that the exposure of growth. I think the proxy for market share is probably better to use the delta and the PML, even though that's only one zone. But as Francois mentioned in his remarks, we do have -- we have an increased participation in a much more wider set of property cat exposure that we used than before.  But the market share that we said anywhere from historically from 0.5 to 0.8 is going up a little bit. And I think I will use the PML as a proxy. That's the best thing to tell you right now. [indiscernible] zone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: I've read the reinsurance clock, but it doesn't really relate to something that [indiscernible] knew about, which I don't, which is having make money in the late 1970s in the insurance industry. Given where you see loss trends are and given that pricing is going up over a extended period of time, is there an element that we just don't know really what the loss cost trend is and we need an extra padding in there compared with our historical appraisals? And is it possible to put a supplemental ambiguous loss trend on top of what you think the loss trends currently and still get new business attractively?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So a very good question. I think this may break it in parts. I think that, yes, we do, as you know, as a reserving practice, we're very keen on the reserving being prudent. We do reserve to a higher level of trend that is embedded in the pricing or what we even observed in the data to make sure that we're accounting for this. I think as a result of that uncertainty and the need to get a bit more cushion and the uncertainty that it generates. I mean, you heard us on the other call, I think it does generate that need to get higher price for that reason. But there's a -- there's a recognition in the industry that we need to be a little bit on this side of the decimal, create some kind of margin of safety.  So I do believe that companies are pricing for a higher inflation ratio going forward and also adding a little bit, and that's what helps and sustain the hard market as we speak.
Joshua Shanker: Is Arch padding more now than it has as a company standard practice in the past?
Marc Grandisson: Not really. I think we've -- like we talked about this, Josh on calls for the last 2, 3 years. I think we've been consistent. We -- it is a little bit of art , it's not only science, not as granular as you might think it is. You do the reserving process, you do the reserving process and then you look at what your expectations are versus what the actual is emerging and you adjust your loss ratio. These 2 things are right now has a tendency to sort of take a higher loss ratio than otherwise will be indicated because we have to still see through that underwriting year developed, and it's been very consistent. And if you look at our IBNR ratios and that we book the business on our insurance portfolio, it's been consistent for the last 3 years. So we tend to want to make sure that we still emerge that allows us to reduce some of that before we do. So we have not changed a whole lot.  And it's not -- so it's quite a bit a way above you expected there will be actual emergent or losses. But inflation developed in the future. So it's an appropriate thing to do. I think, at the early stages, Francois?
Francois Morin: Yes. I'd add like COVID certainly through a wrench in the whole process, right? I'd say it's -- the way we think about the business today, the way that the environment is today is different than it was 5 years ago, it was different than it was 10 years ago. So great question, Josh. But it's -- no 2 periods are alike. And right now, back to Marc's point, I'd say the reaction or how do we think about court closing and courts reopening and coverages and everything that came with COVID, I think, I mean we're still kind of working through that. So that's why I think it would suggest that we're -- we like to be prudent and maybe even more so in this environment.
Joshua Shanker: And then on Tracy's PML question, you kind of ripped into Francois down on this a little bit. But the corporate charter says you're willing to put 25% of the company's equity capital at risk for a 1-in-250-year event. You're nowhere near that, and I don't really expect there's any market where Arch at this point, given how big it is, would really put 25% of its equity capital at risk for a 1-in-250-year event. How -- what's the reasonable feeling on how much cat risk you'd be willing to take in the best cat market ever?
Francois Morin: I'd say -- I mean, we think we're in a good market. We know we're in a good market, but we don't know what tomorrow holds. So I mean rates could go up again by a factor of quite substantially next year. Again, I don't want to speculate, but there could be some markets kind of pulling back. And then I think -- I agree that in what we know today, it's unlikely that we would hit 25%, but we just don't know what the future holds. So I think we're cognizant that there could be better opportunities at some point down the road.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: I guess my first question is in MI. It's kind of a follow-up on Jimmy's but on Page 21 of the supplement, it looks like you guys give reserves, loss reserves like by vintage year. And the dollar amount of reserves in '21, '22 looks pretty similar to what it was at the end of last year. Instead, you continue to release quite a few, over $100 million. So I guess I was just trying to square that a bit, like where exactly have these release has been coming from?
Francois Morin: Well, just to clarify, I'd say, Ryan, that the reserves, we don't disclose the reserves by year. We show the risk in force. We give you the total dollar amount of reserves as of -- $403 million at the end of the quarter and the same at the end of the year, but there are some shifts between what was at year-end versus now. I will say that most of the reserves that we've -- the releases in the first 6 months of the year, have been coming primarily from the '21 to '22 years, I mean, and a little bit of '20 as well.
Marc Grandisson: In mind what you're saying also recognition by the MI group, there were more uncertainties and potential recession figures of things going on. So the assumptions when you do reserving in the long term at that time, you'll tend to increase because of the increased level of risk. So I think that also could explain why well after 2, 3 quarters, we don't need them well is because things are also wise we now changing for the better as we speak on the MI. So that could explain a little bit why it's a bit higher this quarter.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And maybe just some perspective on kind of where the ultimate loss ratios on those years are now trending at?
Francois Morin: Well, they are -- I mean, they turned out to be really, really good. I mean the reality is with -- even with COVID and kind of what transpired after that and the forbearance, et cetera, I'd say, again, we've talked historically about, call it, a long-term average loss ratio in the 20% to 25% range, we're certainly going to be below that. Still a little bit more than -- yes. But I mean there still has to be -- we need more clarity on how the remaining delinquencies are going to settle or whether they're going to cure or not. But where we're at today, I'd say we're going to be below the long-term average.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then just a follow-up -- go ahead, sorry.
Marc Grandisson: Just to let you know, in terms of loss emergence in MI, it takes a little while, right? It takes 2 or 3 years for losses to start emerging. So it takes a little while to get to know what the ultimate is going to be. So I just want to make sure you know it's not like a one and done. It's -- you generate an underwriting year, takes 2 or 3 years for losses starting to emerge, right? Situations, situation, economic situation and the borrowers evolve over time. So I just want to make sure you know that it's not -- just because nothing has happened.
Ryan Tunis: Yes. I'm still trying to figure this business out, so I appreciate it. A follow-up, I guess, for Marc, just on P&C. I'm not sure there's ever been a cycle where like when rates started to decelerate, they reaccelerated? Why hasn't that happened before in your...
Marc Grandisson: It's happened before. From '99 to 2001, we had 2002, 2003, 2004, actually, we had a hardening market and liability side in the U.S. We have new lines of business such as and aviation going through the ringer. So we have that going. And I remember a period of time when Arch was underweight cat for the first 2, 3 years of its existence, and we were sold the going against the grain. Most people were shying away from casualty and doing more property. And then we ran into and then we had a hard market as well in property. And I think it helped maintain even the business on the liability line is a bit longer. If you look back the year '06, '07, '08 were still very, very good and the price decrease were not as probably as high as they could have been otherwise.  I think the one factor with these kinds of hard market and properties had is us competing is competition for capital. And I think it also helps buffer or paying down the rate decrease that would have otherwise have happened. And that's an important or rate stabilizing more than just going out for. So we've had this before. We've had this before.
Ryan Tunis: And then so after Katrina, correct me if I'm wrong, there was like 1 year of really good rate. There's quite a bit of supply that came in, and now it's kind of [indiscernible]. I'm just kind of trying to contrast from a reinsurance standpoint, how the supply-demand balance looks today sort of a year after in versus how it did a year after Katrina.
Marc Grandisson: It hasn't changed the hold up. We hear from our third-party capital team and in the market. I mean, you hear from other markets, I think that there's a general more leveling off of capacity that's been deployed than we would have expected from the existing incumbent, which helps explain a lot of the price increase that we've seen in our ability to flex in incidents. We're not seeing or hearing supply increasing for a while. I think that there's still a very much -- the money that was there before that Brazil was requiring lower returns has not returned back to the table. And even if they were to come back to the table, what we hear is their return expectations, like ours have increased dramatically. So we'll see what that ends up.
Ryan Tunis: What are you paying the purest attention to thinking like looking forward into 1/1, kind of what might drive pricing when you get to the end of the year?
Marc Grandisson: Well, activity, cat activity, of course, and demand increasing, demand people, like we said before, needing to buy more or having to buy the bullet and do the right thing at the same time as they are improving on insurance portfolio. That's a big tell for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions here for you. First, just on your PML, what is your peak zone right now? Is it still Northeast?
Francois Morin: [Indiscernible], Florida.
Brian Meredith: Where is it, pardon me?
Francois Morin: Florida. Miami Day.
Brian Meredith: Okay. And then on the PML question, I'm just curious, you gave us 1-in-250 but how is your kind of 1-in-50 and 1-in-100 kind of increased over -- since, call at the beginning of the year? Is it -- as they increased more or less about the same amount? I'm just trying to get a sense of where you're playing in programs.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So from a big zone perspective, it's gone up similarly in terms of percentage. It's a very similar increase.
Brian Meredith: Got you. That's helpful. And then Marc, I'm just curious, I know there was a lot of one-off type transactions, top-up programs that happened in the second quarter. Can you give maybe some perspective on how much of that contributed to your growth here in the second quarter? And how much is kind of continuing here going forward, just so we can get a sense of how is this growth sustainable here for the remainder of the year, maybe in the '24.
Marc Grandisson: We've had a couple of -- we've had a couple of programs, for instance, in the Asia that we won, and we've had a couple of big but I don't think this quarter is necessarily a large transaction quarter right to where you make it sound. I think it was more regular growth. A couple of transactions here and there, but nothing to the extent that when we talk on the call as Francois mentioned in his remarks, that it has to highlight it specifically before. I don't think there's nothing really to highlight in this quarter, actually.
Brian Meredith: Good. And then I guess last one, just quickly here. One of your competitors talked about reducing market share in the MI business because there's some concerns about recession or going forward. Maybe give us your kind of perspective on what you're seeing right now in your MI and kind of outlook and potential for some higher loss ratios there if we do go into recession or look in the '24?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think pricing has improved over the last 2 years and credit quality stays really beautiful. And it's why among the best, I think we go back to 2013, 2012 in terms of quality of origination. So it's -- as you know, credit is not readily available. The availability of credit is still pretty tight out there. So from a credit quality perspective, Brian, it's as good. It's a really, really solid marketplace.  I think the market share question, which we never -- we don't lose sleep with this, as you know, Brian. I think -- I'll -- couple of things in the market share that we're trying to do in terms of shaping the portfolio in the MI is trying to get the higher quality, like I mentioned in my remarks, lower FICO -- higher FICO, lower LTV and also geographically go to the places where there's less perceived inflation or overvaluation and also, there's some different programs that have different returns, meaning they are less than we would have hoped for them to be and they just don't [indiscernible] threshold and especially, Brian, if you overlay the opportunity set that we have on the property side, it just makes for our fellow folks and MI willing to take the earnings that they generate and give it to us on the P&C side to generate even better returns. So really good return business, Brian, it's just also for us a matter of comparative ROEs as well as absolute.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with Keefe, Bruyette & Wood.
Meyer Shields: A quick question to start. The level of reserve releases in reinsurance was lower than it's been in recent quarters. I was hoping you can give us some color. Is that because you're assuming higher loss trends? Or are there other factors that may have played into the quarter's results?
Francois Morin: No, I'd say it's -- I mean we will look at the data, right? So I think some quarters, there's evidence that we can release a bit more this quarter, maybe not as much. It's a process that we go through every quarter. So I think our underwriters and our actuaries kind of sit down and take a look at the respective treaties and come up with a point of view on whether there's enough evidence to release reserves. So I wouldn't read too much into it right now. I think it's a -- just another quarter still, we think, healthy reserves, healthy reserve releases, but not as much as you said in prior quarters.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's fair. Second question, and I'm really not sure how to ask this, but there's a lot of chaos right now in U.S. personal lines and [indiscernible] always been really opportunistic. I was wondering if there's a way that in a line of business that's so dominated by major players, but you do have this level of instability. Is there an opportunity for Arch?
Marc Grandisson: I think it's a hard one, Meyer. I think that our shareholders -- I mean, we could always see what we could do there. But from our perspective, I think we're more of a B2B and more of a commercial provider of insurance and specialty provider of insurance. Certainly, on the reinsurance side, we're helpful. Our companies -- a lot of companies are homeowners, homeowners are writers, and we do -- we do provide significant capacity for them, be it on a quarter share basis or excess of loss and also be on property.  So I think our game plan on homeowners is more to support the clients that we have because I think on a long-term basis, it has a set of characteristics, as we all know, and focus that is not necessarily core to what we do every day, great filing and everything else in between. It's a bit of a different animal for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: With most of my questions already asked and answered, I figured I'd maybe focus on a couple of more items. So first, on ad covers, can you maybe talk about how much you're still writing in '23 versus '22?
Marc Grandisson: We've cut our ad book significantly over the last 12 months. You see even in 2022, we started cut already as we saw this. And again, it's a matter of opportunity, right? I mean we do some but we've cut the book heavily because of the better -- frankly, better opportunities on the excess of loss occurrence, much better, yes.
Yaron Kinar: And is the client base there? Has that changed at all? Can you maybe talk about the mix between large global, smaller regionals?
Marc Grandisson: We -- well, we had a -- when we grew at in Florida was, as you know, is a different kind of animal because of all the [indiscernible] small companies out there. But in general, I would say that our portfolio will opportunistically grow into the larger global companies. We tend to think that relatively not as the transparency of visibility into what they write. So our tendency is to be more of a super regional businesses and more ones that have a lesser footprint in terms of stake. We think we can better allocate capital.  This is sort of a high-level philosophy that we've had for years. That hasn't really changed our one. I think that we prefer to grow with these clients over time. But having that all this opportunistically, being on a core share basis of excess of if it's a large corporate, we definitely were able to provide more capacity, but they needed. As we speak and the price, we believe, reflected the higher level of risk that they have. So I think I would say same as before, we're a little bit opportunistically on larger companies.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then if I put this together then and we look at the very large cat activity that has really been incurred much more by the primaries here. With the changes in terms of conditions and maybe tighter, more limited cover per peril. Ultimately, how does that impact ad covers later in the year, if, let's say, the primaries had a lot of cat losses on perils, secondary perils that are now no longer covered by reinsurers at least not per event, ultimately, does that also flow into the ad covers that will not be breached on a reinsurance level because of that?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So I think that excess of loss is very similar to the current, if you do change terms and positions and cut the coverage at the underlying portfolio level, it will have a leverage impact into your aggregate excess or occurrence, meaning it will definitely cut down the loss expectations heavily into these layers. But what I would tell you on is we're not there yet, right? This is the early innings like I mentioned to you before on the call is that we're going to have -- the phenomenon just talked about will have a much better perspective and view on this and the impact it's going to have on the losses next year and through '25. I think right now, we still have a portfolio that hasn't gone through quite 100%, right, of all these [indiscernible] that you and I expect to happen, I think, in the marketplace. So the aggregate of losses for that reason, probably still bad bet in 2023, right? So we probably need to see this underlying change in terms of conditions on the insurance portfolio before we can see this being a potential viable product.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: So from Pembroke, Bermuda, I want to wish everybody a good month of August, and we'll see you in the fall. Thanks for your support.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2023 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Before the company gets started with this update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed on the company -- excuse me, filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also may make reference to certain non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP for each non-GAAP financial measure can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished on the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website and on the SEC's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, and welcome to Arch's earnings call for the first quarter of 2023. I'm pleased to report that as a direct result of our premium growth momentum from the past few hard market years, we reported an excellent start to the year. Financial highlights include book value per share growth of 8.4% in the quarter and an annualized operating ROE of 20.7%. Our P&C underwriting teams continue to lean into attractive market conditions were excellent risk-adjusted returns remain available, growing net premiums written by 35% over the same period last year. A key element of cycle management is to respond aggressively when you see conditions change. Since 2019, we have seen the market psychology pivot to underwriting discipline and our underwriting teams were prepared to become a more willing provider of capacity. The current property cat dislocation has resulted in us targeting growth in property lines and this should further improve our returns as we continue to benefit on the cumulative effect of improved rates, terms and conditions. The $327 million of underwriting income generated from our 2 P&C segments this quarter is a testament to our commitment in the improved market. Our mortgage segment operates on a different cycle than the P&C, but it remains a significant contributor to earnings, generating a healthy $243 million of underwriting income in the quarter as our high-quality insurance in force portfolio remained stable at $513 million. And in our P&C growth, I want to emphasize that Arch is first and foremost, an underwriting company. Being an effective underwriting cycle manager means that our underwriters know that they have degrees of freedom in choosing to deploy capital across our diversified specialty focused platform. Because we have a wider range of choices to allocate underwriting capital at any time, we can generate more consistent and stable underwriting income over the long run. Our growth in this hard market would not exist without our unwavering underwriting integrity. Our focus on underwriting leads through profit stability and better reserving visibility. And over time, these more stable results lead to greater balance sheet strength which in turn enables us to more aggressively deploy capital when we see market conditions change in our favor. At Arch, we're deeply committed to the art and science of underwriting because we know that underwriting integrity over time solidified our conviction and agility to proactively respond to changing market positions. I'll now share a few highlights from our segments. First with P&C. Overall, the P&C environment continues to offer plenty of opportunities as evidenced by our growth. As you see in our premium numbers, the reinsurance market, in particular, is very attractive right now. Reinsurance typically react more quickly to the changing environment and primary insurance, and we are witnessing this phenomenon in these early stages of improvement in the property market. In our insurance segment, we continue to take advantage of favorable market conditions. For the past few quarters, property has seen significant rate escalation, which supported our 37% net premium written growth in that line of business during the first quarter of '23. The property market is still broadly dislocated, and we believe it will take further rate improvement before it finds equilibrium. Elsewhere, general liability rates have pick up again and large account D&O is on a very few P&C lines that has decelerating rates. Overall, the market remains disciplined in its behavior, and we continue to obtain rate above trend. On our last earnings call, we noted property cat reinsurance dislocation at the 1/1 renewals, which led to significant effective rate increases. For the first quarter, reinsurance cat net premiums written roughly doubled over the last -- over the same period in '22. From our perspective, the improved conditions at 1/1 are a positive leading indicator as we prepare for the midyear renewals, where peak zone capacity remains tight. We are well positioned to take advantage of this opportunity. Arch is an increasingly prominent provider of choice in the property and casualty space. This is to be expected over time because of our differentiated cycle management strategy. To execute our strategy, we continuously invest in improving our capabilities. We hire and retain tough tier talent and teams, and we seek to enhance our tools and technology with the aim of becoming a more intelligent, stable and able provider of insurance products for our clients. Finally, our compensation structure rewards underwriting performance first and foremost. This is a powerful glue that aligns strategy with execution. Now let me move to mortgage. Our mortgage segment continued to generate solid underwriting income and risk-adjusted returns, largely because our portfolio was shaped with a focus on credit quality and data-driven risk selection. Credit quality in our mortgage portfolio is excellent, as demonstrated by our 1.65% delinquency rate, the lowest since March of 2020. Our disciplined underwriting approach has produced a portfolio with a more favorable risk profile, including higher fiber scores and both lower loan-to-value and debt-to-income ratios than our peers in the sector. Typical seasonality and tempered demand for housing in the first quarter affected new insurance written. However, production was in line with our expectations given the healthy market conditions. We're seeing pricing discipline across the MI industry as rates have increased over the past year. The MI industry's underwriting discipline is encouraging and allows us to maintain our focus on risk selection to achieve adequate risk-adjusted return. The MI industry is competitive, but faced with the current risk factors in the broader economy is acting rationally. As a result, our MI team continues to have opportunities to deploy capital. It isn't a football season yet, but with the NFL draft beginning tonight, football was on my mind. Back in the 1960s, a football team from a small Wisconsin town dominated the sport winning 5 championships in a decade. The team, as you all know, was the Green Bay Packers and their coach was Vince Lombardi, widely regarded as one of the greatest coach of all time in any sport. One thing that made Lombardi a great leader was his obsession with excellence and execution. During their dominance, a key part of their offense was a very simple play called the Power Sweep. The quarter back would hand the ball to the running back, we ran the ball to one side of the offensive line and then defensive line acted at blockers, allowing the running back to [indiscernible] it. No frills, no surprises. Opponents knew what was coming, but [indiscernible] and nobody could sell it. We talk a lot about cycle management and underwriting discipline on these calls and for good reason. It's hardwired into how we operate the company. They are not novel concepts. They're actually quite simplistic. The key, like with Lombardi Green Bay Packers is conviction and execution excellence. So day after day and year after year, we line up and essentially run the same play, write a lot of business when rates are high and a lot less when rates are well. Francois?
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all, and thanks for joining us today. As Marc highlighted, we kicked off 2023 with excellent underwriting results across all the segments, and our investment income continued its upward path, benefiting from a higher interest rate environment and strong operating cash flows. For the quarter, we reported after-tax operating income of $1.73 per share for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 20.7%. Book value per share was up 8.4% in the quarter to $35.35, reflecting not only our strong results, but also the unwinding of approximately $350 million of unrealized losses on our fixed income portfolio net of taxes. Turning to the operating segments. Net premium written by our reinsurance segment remained on its strong trajectory and grew by 51.5% over the same quarter last year. This growth occurred across most of our lines of business with a particular emphasis on property lines, marine and aviation and other specialties. The overall bottom line of the segment will also very good with a combined ratio of 84.3% and a relatively small impact of $59 million from current accident year capacity lawsuits. It's worth mentioning that our top line reflects the impact of some larger transactions which are not uncommon during periods of significant market dislocation. We cannot tell whether the frequency and size of these transactions will recur in future periods, but we are optimistic that market conditions will remain attractive for this foreseeable future. The Insurance segment also performed well with first quarter net premium revenue growth of 19.1% over the same quarter 1 year ago and an [indiscernible] quarter combined ratio, excluding cat of 89.8%. There were a handful of items affecting our top line marked significantly this quarter, such as a large transaction in the lenders and the warranty line of business and very strong market conditions in the property, energy and marine lines business, both positives, which were partially offset by the headwinds of weaker foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar compared to a year ago. We estimate that on a constant dollar basis, our net written premium growth would have been approximately 230 basis points higher than reported in our financials. Most of our lines of business still benefit from excellent market conditions both in the U.S. and internationally, and we remain positive about our ability to grow and write business at expected returns that meet our [indiscernible] as we approach the second half of the year. Our Mortgage segment had another excellent quarter with a combined ratio of 20% from strong performance across all our units. Net premiums earned were up slightly on a sequential basis reflecting the increased persistency of our insurance in force during the quarter at U.S. MI and good growth in our units outside of U.S. MI. We recorded approximately $73 million of favorable prior reserve development in the quarter, with approximately 2/3 coming from U.S. MI and the rest spread across our other units. [indiscernible] activity this quarter in U.S. MI was particularly strong as we benefited from the highest first quarter cure rate we have seen in the past 6 years, excluding 2020. At the end of the quarter, over 80% of our net reserves at U.S. MI are from post-COVID accident periods. Overall, our underwriting income reflected $126 million of favorable prior year reserve development on a pretax basis or 4.3 points on the combined ratio and was observed across all 3 segments. Quarterly income from operating affiliates stood at $39 million and was generated from good results at Coface, Somers and Premia. As you may already know, Coface recently declared a dividend of EUR 1.52 per share, which should result in a EUR 68 million dividend to Arch and link May, subject to Coface shareholder approval. Although this amount will not benefit our income statement next quarter, we believe it reflects very well on Coface's results and prospects for the periods ahead. Pretax net investment income was $0.53 per share, up 10% from the fourth quarter of 2022 as our pretax investment income yield exceeded 3% for the first quarter since 2011. With new money rates in our fixed income portfolio holding relatively flat in the 4.5% to 5% range, we should see further improvement in our net investment income returns in the coming quarters. Total return for our investment portfolio was 2.54% on a U.S. dollar basis for the quarter with all our strategies delivering positive returns. The contribution to the overall result was primarily led by our fixed income portfolio, which benefited from slight downward pressure on interest rates during the quarter. While fixed income market volatility was elevated intra-quarter because of the stress in the U.S. and Swiss banking systems and the implications for monetary policies of central banks, spreads at quarter end were generally consistent with those at year-end 2022. The overall position of our investment portfolio remains neutral relative to our target allocation and we are well positioned to capitalize should there be further dislocation in the capital markets. Of interest, our commercial real estate exposure is distributed across a variety of strategies. Accounts are only 6% of Arch's investment portfolio is highly rated as a low loan-to-value ratio and is more concentrated in multifamily housing investments with minimal positions in the office properties. [indiscernible] the acquisitions are concentrated with large money central banks with no significant exposure to U.S. regional banks. Turning to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis stood at $1.69 billion as of April 1 or 8.1% of tangible shareholders' equity, again, well below our internal limits at the single event 1 in 250-year return level. Our peak zone PML is currently the U.S. Northeast and reflects some pockets of increased capacity we deployed at April 1 in response to good market opportunities ahead of the more active renewal period at June 1 and July 1.  In summary, we remain very positive on the current market and the opportunities ahead of us across all the segments. As the current expected returns, we believe deploying meaningful capacity in our businesses currently represents our best option to maximize returns for the benefit of our shareholders. Our commitment to being active yet disciplined capital allocators, remain a core principle of ours that should lead to long-term value creation and success. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Marc, in your introductory comments, you said that we're in the early stages of improvement in the property market, right? We've seen strong rates at January 1 that have persisted into April 1. And my sense is could persist through the midyear. So could you just comment on what you mean by early stages and how you could see this playing out in -- during the rest of 2023 and into 2024.
Marc Grandisson: Very good question, Elyse. I think the -- when we have a dislocation such as the one we sort of realized and experienced after Ian in the fourth quarter of last year, the renewals took place on the reinsurance place at much higher rates by 30%, 50%, 60% price and the rate increases. Obviously, you have heard that on other calls. We had the same experience. The reason [indiscernible] the first to move reacting to deploying capacity and they should because they have to commit the capital for a 12-month period. Now we have a lot of portfolio from the insurance side. This is what I think is going to be leading the market and continue to underscore and support the market is the insurance portfolios hours included at the interest level, they're going through a reoptimization, realigning of capacity, realigning our pricing terms and positions, and this is widely spread across the industry. But an insurance product does not get all renewed at 1/1, right? The renewal takes place over a 12-month deal. So what we're seeing and hearing right now is the market psychology is squarely in the camp of getting improved terms and positions on the primary side. Which will then lead to obviously further improvement from the distance as a reinsurer. Now this will take 12 to 18 months to really take hold, and we believe, which is actually a little bit positive from our perspective. We should see that improvement carrying on and staying around for more than this year. We expect the underlying property improvements to be there for 2, maybe 2.5, maybe 3 years, which is a great, great leading position to be on insurance. So first, the reinsurance react. The interest is reacting, it takes a longer time to modify and correct itself as momentum being built and creating a better equilibrium on the insurance level the region will get renewed again at . We most likely have more things to improve on the portfolio. I think this is how hard market takes place over time, how it developed and unfolds over time. what we mean. We think that we have a little bit quite some nice runway ahead of us because of that reason.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. Then could you give us a sense if in your margins in both insurance and reinsurance, did social inflation or financial inflation that impact on how you booked the current accident year in both insurance and reinsurance?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So the way we operate and the way we put our reserving or loss ratio you won't be surprised to hear from us is we tend to take a prudent stance. That's the first step that you need to understand and we could all realize, and I know we saw that historically is one of the key things that we need to -- that we work on. Our game plan is to look at the trend and look at the rate level on a quarterly basis, modified if we have a good reason to modify it. And book it to a [indiscernible] 60th percentile confidence interval, not playing too close to the average because we want to have some protections because who knows what the future will hold. So if you look at the reserving overall in our company, we look line by line, we look at inflation in financial, social, bilayer by attachment point by region, and we correspondingly loss ratio for the overall portfolio. And what you see in our results in our numbers is a sum total of the aggregation of all of these very decisions within our insurance or reinsurance units. And I think that -- and then at the end of the day, as when I look at it to make sure that we have -- we feel more comfortable than possibly the average bear out there, and we make sure that it's on a trajectory that is responsible and prudent as well. So our tendency will not depict all the good news right away. We will probably wait and see and we've grown as well, at least, as you know. So it means that we have to be [indiscernible] careful and thoughtful in the way the [indiscernible], which we would recognize some of these improvements.
Elyse Greenspan: And maybe just one more, sticking there, Marc, right? In the reinsurance segment, right, the -- the growth, exceptional really strong, but the underlying loss ratio, right, was did tick up from last year. And I think part of that, there's always noise in each quarter, and it does take time to earn in this business for January 1. But can you help us kind of put that all together and just give us a sense of the margin profile of the reinsurance business over the balance of the year.
Francois Morin: Yes. I'll take that one, Elyse. I think a lot of interest people obviously look at the quarterly numbers. Our view is we -- we look at it, but we don't lose sleep over it. I think we look at long-term trends. We look at the quality of the business and how it prices and what the expected returns are. And when we find the deals. But specific to this quarter, as I mentioned, didn't give you really a whole lot specifics, but there's 2 transactions that really distorted a little bit our ratios with basically higher loss ratios and lower acquisition. So yes, you saw a little bit of movement on both the loss ratio and the combined ratio impact on the ex cat accident year loss ratio was 2.2 points. So it's -- if there -- we know it's there. We don't -- again, I wouldn't make that a trend. I mean it's just the reality of the business we've had this quarter. That's why I mentioned that we these are nonrecurring items. But in this market, we know there could be more in the coming quarters. So that's kind of how we -- that's the result of the business we have this quarter.
Operator: And the next question is coming from Jimmy Bhullar of JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: So first, I had a question on your comments on pricing, obviously very positive, both in reinsurance and insurance. But can you distinguish between pricing in both reinsurance and insurance on property and more of the cat-exposed business versus the casualty lines?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So the last numbers we heard is a good question. Last number we heard on the primary side, we're looking at pricing depending on the cat exposed, obviously, is more acute, but rate increases 40% to 50% plus, definitely, and a little bit less if you're intercoastal, if you win in land, it's many 10% to 15% increase. But it's clearly, clearly a push for rate increase. But what's not really fully reflected and you should hear there are other things going on underneath the terms and conditions, deductibles are going up. That's also a really important factor also helps if you're a reinsurer of this portfolio. There's a statement of value, which pretty much states that any company now providing coverage needs to have an up-to-date valuation of the property you're trying to ensure. And that is a big deal because the industry has been frankly lacked in updating these numbers. And once you have the right exposure, it actually makes the pricing that much more effective and accurate. So this is the whole market is moving in that direction. And thirdly, I think that's also important, which creates more dislocation there is a shrinking of capacity at the individual players. So when people were putting $25 million, $30 million worth of capacity on even a cat exposed. So these are [indiscernible] going down $2.5 million to -- $2.5 million, maybe $10 million on an exceptional basis. So I think that the -- so the insurance portfolio, the rates are going up for a lot of reflection, echo back to questions about an inflation on the property side that is reflected the statement of value. So we're definitely clearing that one. So depending on where you are in working , lesser get exposed to , cat exposed. On the reinsurance side, it's a little bit similar, although it's a bit more of a monolithic marketplace. The rates are going in a more slower narrow range. It's almost like more commoditized, if you will. It's a little bit between to 50 pretty much broadly across. Of course, there will be differences. We'll see what the doing reserve for us. But the more acute the cat need, the more acute in the key zones of capacity demand the higher the pricing. But the general -- the overall general pricing is in sync. The insurance one will be able to grab those increased rates and improve time on condition over the next 12 months. The reinsurance or were able to get there quicker.
Jamminder Bhullar: And then just on the MI business. You had very high cues. I'm assuming most of these are just on reserves you put on around COVID when there were forbearance programs. And if that is the case, how much more of these such reserves do you have that will most likely I'm assuming it will be released over the course of this year?
Francois Morin: Well, we still have -- we definitely do have still some delinquencies that are in forbearance programs. I quote 80% of our loss reserves are from post COVID periods. We don't have all the detail around how much or by year, et cetera. But just hopefully, that gives you a flavor of like what maybe could potentially be down coming down the pike in terms of more releases if able to secure. I think the fact that unemployment levels are still performing very well. I think that's a good sign, right? I mean that's there's some pressure on home prices, et cetera. But for the in-force book, we think, again, the credit quality has been excellent, and we think there is performing well. And when we go to cure those delinquencies over time, hopefully, that should help the bottom line.
Operator: The next question is coming from Tracy Benguigui of Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: I'm trying to understand mechanically why an LPT type of transaction could add noise to your underlying loss ratio on the reinsurance side. Is it that you're not imposing a loss corridor and you're assuming losses would attach at inception? Or is it accounting on the premium recognition? If you could explain the mechanics, that would be helpful.
Francois Morin: Sure. I mean at a high level what these transactions typically look like is the limited. So in terms of, a, the acquisition expenses is hero, if not very, very small. So if you think in a traditional quota share deal where the -- I assume the acquisition ratio could be 30%, well, that goes away. And then you're effectively just picking up losses and the investment income on the float is effectively part of the overall return of the transaction. So it changes the dynamic, and that's what we're trying to convey here is that -- on the underwriting side, it's usually book closer to 100% combined within that kind of range. But the investment income that you pick up is significant. So that impacts the overall bottom line return on the business.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Also, and maybe a little bit early, but can you discuss how June 1 and July 1 renewals are shaping up at this point? Like how would you compare pricing to what you saw in January?
Marc Grandisson: We heard from our team, we've been talking to them quite a bit of late, and the -- I can talk about all specifics, but at a high level, the continuation of the hard market that we saw at 1/1. We're seeing continuing partnering or continuing on the same level as 1/1 if not that better. But I want treatment to tell you, 6/1 and 7/1 are not done yet, like people are still very actively for ended. But is the momentum is there, clearly.
Tracy Benguigui: So how would that compare and you see momentum the same or better since January?
Marc Grandisson: It's early. I think it's early right now. I don't want to venture because also rather we all want to collect the veto keep in mind is 7/1 of '22 was also pretty good renewal floor, for instance, right? So it may not need as much of a pricing because we believe we're specifically in Europe, that we're -- we believe, not as well priced as ought to be based on the risk that you're taking. So it's still going to be return-wise, better, most likely better return than possibility, most likely the 1/1 that we sell because it such peaks up if everybody source of capital or use of capital.
Operator: The next question is coming from Yaron Kinar of Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: I want to go back to the margins in reinsurance, the underlying margins. And I think that even with the LPTs, the accident year loss ratio ex cats, still deteriorated a bit. And I just want to understand kind of the context of why that would be if we are seeing business mix shifting more to kind of inherently lower loss ratio lines on an underlying basis and with the rate environment?
Francois Morin: Yes, 3 things I'd say, a, is I mean we focus on return. And while the obviously, what's in front of you is just the underwriting part of it. We focus on overall returns, which is the first thing. Second thing I'd say is you've got to give us a little bit of a chance to earn the premium. I mean, the market was solid in '22 and get better at 1/1/23. We're a quarter into the year. I think there's more benefit or more improvements that come, but it doesn't all sell up initially. And third thing, as Marc said earlier, I think we'll be proven. I mean, the math may suggest that, a, if you did this on that, that the combined ratio of losses should be yes. But we are proven in how we look at things. And when the data tells us that maybe we were a bit high, we'll be more than happy to release those reserves. But we're not going to declare victory quite yet.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then a second question just on cat. Can you maybe offer some color on the distribution between the various sources, whether it's Turkey or New Zealand floods, the European stores and so on in both reinsurance and insurance?
Francois Morin: Yes. I mean it's small ticket items. I think the biggest one for us was we had $25 million loss in Turkey, which is kind of what we do. It's not a huge deal, but that was the biggest item. Yes, we had some kind of participations in New Zealand with the cyclone and also some floods. And in the U.S., kind of the normal[indiscernible] tornados, [indiscernible] storms that hit -- that was mostly insurance, but a little bit of noise there as well in reinsurance so it's -- call it a hunch punch of small things, but the biggest one was -- for us this quarter was a Turkey.
Yaron Kinar: And was Turkey and New Zealand were those mostly reinsurance?
Francois Morin: Yes. Yes. Turkey was only reinsurance. Yes. Okay. And so -- I mean both of them are only reinsurances..
Operator: Next question will be coming from Josh Shanker of Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: Yes. I was looking at the investment return. I mean, there's a lot of ways to measure yield. Let me just take the investment income divided by the float. I'm getting about 2.76% for the quarter, which makes Arch the lowest burner on its float in your peer group. I know you guys have a more conservative portfolio that's also allowed you to redeploy pretty quickly, but with new money yields maybe in the 5% range without taking any equity risk or whatnot, you have an opportunity to increase that yield of are you still seeing some powder drive? You still think it's time to be fairly conservative in seeking yield less points?
Francois Morin: I think it's something we obviously realized that there's -- new money yields are higher. And for us, it becomes a question of like crystallizing losses, there's implications around statutory versus GAAP accounting, we have restrictions in some places. So I think for us, we do the analysis very carefully in trying to make sure that we're doing what's best for the -- ultimately the shareholders. Sometimes we're better off kind of holding some investments to majority until and not kind of taking on the loss and reinvesting the money faster. But in terms of opportunities, whether we see more or want to think on more risk, it's something that we are thinking about. And we have grown our presence in alternative in the last few years, and that's something that -- and for us alternatives is, call it, more right structure kind of investments, and that's where we see the better opportunity and we've been pretty aggressive in growing the money there. But obviously, the returns there don't show up in investment income. They show up in equity method funds for the most part and that's where we expect to see a little bit of pickup as well going forward.
Marc Grandisson: We're also just thinking about the overall risk, right, about the enterprise, right? So we have a lot of underwriting push and growth. So that's also factored in our risk -- now that we're -- sorry, but just it's all one of the other part of the equation that we have to factor in as well.
Joshua Shanker: And what's the new money yield right now for you?
Francois Morin: We're to.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And then, look, I know that you do listen to your competitors' conference calls and think about what they're saying. It looks like the pricing environment is pretty attractive. I think that's universally viewed few of your competitors have said as much. And then when we look at their premium growth in the quarter, it's kind of tepid, especially on the insurance side. You guys are growing your net premium in about 20% right now. It's been going that way for a little while. Is business hard to capture? Is it hard to get the business you want, and you've been silly successful outmaneuvering your competitors?  I guess there's 2 things. One is, why are you so successful growing when others have not been able to do so. And two, can you give comfort on the fact that maybe some question, maybe the market is not as good as we think it is, and maybe there should be more concerned. So how can you give a comment with the rate adequacy? And why are you successful where others have failed?
Marc Grandisson: So from a rate acuity perspective, I mean, this is sort of a system that's well establishing our company. I don't know how many kind of reverify the assumptions and projections beat the individual underwriter level, group level in segment level corporate between the holding company, including the Board. I mean there's a lot of vetting going on comparing to and triangulating. So we're pretty confident. We wouldn't be growing that level if we didn't think that the returns were in our favor. Does that mean that we're going to get all the returns that we expect precisely to the decimal, most likely enough, Josh, we're in uncertain world, and we're making a bet on the longer term expected and that's the best thing that we can do right now.  We are a fans of thinking about the rate as being by far the most important place to start to make sure that you have enough -- you put the odds in your favor and the rates going up, a lot of lines -- rates go up 60%, 80%, 70%, even some of them went to 2x and even if there's some of it decrease goes to 1.9x. While we also look at the history of the industry and the industry was printing 5 or 6 years ago, 60%, 65% loss ratio, even if they were on a reserving level grows to 80% and you put all the factor in the trend and you put a cumulative rate impact, I think that there's no certainty, but there's certainly a level of margin safety that you build within the price and that's what makes us feel that much more comfortable. Now in terms of our reduction in the marketplace, how we're able to lean in and see that business. First, we were early in the 2019 to really lean into it. A lot of people were pulling back, and that creates void and vacuum for our clients. And we were the ones the beacon in the storm, if you will, able to give them capacity. And that goodwill for lack of a better word, really builds upon itself. So it really creates more relationship build relationships that, frankly, has been a little bit less strong because of our defensive mode prior to 2019, but we rebuilt it very, very nicely. We're always there, but we rebuild, we kindle them in a much major way because I talk to our producers, they'll tell you that we're a great partner of theirs, and that makes a big difference. So when the next piece of business comes in, you look at the people who could write that business, and we've heard this from insurance group. Well, we can look at kind of markets. The market that wants the business right now was on 4 years ago, they'll probably not have the first bit at it. We probably has to first look at it because we were there for 4 or 5 years. Also, I would add that we're an E&S player. And as you heard, the E&S market is growing. So the market is also going towards the tailwind going from our perspective on that note. And we're pretty good security, Josh. We're a pretty good company. People want to deal with us, we're good for their money. We have a good expertise and good teams that really can't buy the client. I think we spent a lot of time not only providing coverage and policies but finding clients and being a good market leader right now. And certainly, that growth for the last 3 or 4 years have created its own momentum and inertia. So the gravity, if you will, that it's increasing has been pretty nice. It helps. It helps grow further even in that marketplace. And even the market gets a bit more competitive. I would argue that we'll be able to hold on to a lot of good business that we've written for the last 4, 5 years.
Joshua Shanker: Well, thank for the fulsome answers. And congratulations to everyone on graduating from rounding to the nearest thousand surrounding to the nearest million from bunch of new people.
Operator: Next question is coming from Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple with me for you. Just quickly. Francois, you gave us loss ratio impact of the LPT. Can you give us what the combined ratio, maybe the premium impact just for modeling reason purposes?
Francois Morin: Combined ratio was 1.1 point. 2.2 in the loss ratio and all that cap, and the premium was $118 million.
Brian Meredith: Brilliant. Second question, Marc, looking at the 6/1 renewals, Florida, I guess, one, what is the impact of the legislation that was recently enacted having, you think, on that marketplace? Will it have an impact on renewals, pricing capacity coming into the market? And then, how do you typically think about Florida from a reinsurance perspective. Is it a market you'd like to play cat? Do you like to play quota share? How do you kind of think about it when you look at the Florida market?
Marc Grandisson: But the second part -- Brian, the second part of your question is easier. I think we're much more of a excess of loss in the library floor. We believe it's a better play for us at this point in time. And that seems to be sort of well also where the market is slowly migrating towards at least from the first indication. The second part -- the first part of your question which is the most interesting one is we're in Florida, we might well be in Missouri. You did show me state, but we stole to see and as evidence that those to reform will take hold. It's going to take a while. As we all know, we've got through a claims when before the 1st of April, 1st of May [indiscernible] of claims to make sure that we -- that they take advantage of the last resonance of the weaker toward area there.  But that's going to take a while to work through. It also might mean that some of the losses from prior years are developing adversely, which is not necessarily useful and helpful for those who try to renew for on an ongoing basis, why if you have more losses from that on the prior years, the acceleration of losses you may have to make up for a lot of that or some of that, it's not a lot of it is pure value of reinsurance.  So I think overall, I think the market will take sort of a view that it's not there at 100% and they'll probably sort of factor in who is more -- is more or less exposed to those, but they get credit those more or less exposed. But you're not going to get -- like everything else, we'll need to see it through to get full credit. I think the market will get some credit, but not the full extent of it. There's no way at least not at this time. Maybe in 2 years or next year or 2 years time, but don't take a while because we need to show and see what's happening for.
Operator: And the next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields: I have one, I guess, a technical question on the LPT side of things. Is it fair to assume that this is 100% combined ratio business as you write it? Or does the fact that it pertains to -- well, let me stop there.
Francois Morin: Well, that's typically where we book it. I mean plus or minus those types of transactions, that's kind of where they -- yes, that's where the combined ratio is on those.
Marc Grandisson: Because the contribution to profit and margin is square a lot more on the investment income side than it is on the pure rating income side.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then speaking -- I don't know if you want to talk about the transactions or the demand that you're seeing. You talked about that, I guess, understand that we being a function of distress in the marketplace. Is this -- is the market right now focusing on the, let's say, 2019 and earlier accident years where pricing was soft or to say and/or is there interest in even more recent years because of loss trends?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think the market is focusing on it because I think that -- and also if you add on top of it the reopening of the court post-COVID, there's a lot of uncertainty. We've heard about inflation, financial inflation and social inflation. So there's a lot of scrutiny. And the rates were much lower then. So there is definitely less banked for those years to get the right number, the right loss ratio pick. So yes, definitely, people are looking as we are as well and where we -- on the reinsurance side, if you're treated we can see not anything or some companies have development that adverse in those periods. Some of them don't. But yes, it's definitely a point of discussion, which I think [indiscernible] helps explain why we had the -- we continue to have this price increase in the GL, for instance. I do believe that people are realizing it and understanding that for their recasting, right, the long-term trend and long-term loss ratio projection on a level basis how that works. So I think really that people are reflecting. And that's also why we have this. We don't have massive combined ratio above across the industry. We do have still a healthy level of price increase because of that [indiscernible].
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. And if I can just pick up on that because in your prepared comments also you talked about GL rate increases ticking up a little bit. I haven't heard a lot of that. We've heard a lot on the property side. I was hoping to get a little more color.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, the liability lines are -- of course, a lot of it has been historically led by auto, specifically on the umbrella. But the GL is clearly picking up again and it's late it's also international. And we have a low book of business as well as our insurance portfolio in the U.S. I think that there's also a dislocation going on the GL side, people are reevaluating the lines of business, the areas and the industry that they're providing coverage for. So this is happening probably a bit more -- it sort of slowed down a little bit towards the second half of 2022. And I think that's reoptimizing or re-underwriting or refocus on the underwriting and price for the GL and it also led, as you can appreciate, might some increase in trend, specifically in the excess layers because it's levered. So I think that's what we're seeing some of that prior year coming through. We're having to recast the pricing, which you wouldn't have had or would have seen necessarily in 2020, '21 because those years '16 to '19 were probably too young to really get the development coming out. So you probably can see that the duration of development of GL coming through and people reacting to it.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Zaremski of BMO.
Michael Zaremski: Maybe a question or 2 on the catastrophe levels this quarter. I mean, Marc, you brought up terms and conditions changes. I think it probably blows certain people's minds that the valuations on property are just getting up to date and it seems kind of antiquated, but that's just, I guess, the way that the reinsurance maybe -- or sorry, the overall marketplace works. But just curious to the piece, yes, cat loss levels for the industry in the U.S. were way above a normal 1Q. I know you guys aren't right? That's not the best guy for Arch. But it looks like Arch's cat levels were normal-ish, but you can correct me if I'm wrong. Any read-throughs on the terms and conditions changes that have taken place that are -- is there any read through there that there are some good things coming through?
Marc Grandisson: I think on our results, I don't think you would describe the improvement in terms of conditions. I think it's probably just a function of how we book -- where our exposures are, right? We didn't have as much exposure in the areas where the losses occurred. That's -- I guess I would say the miss that could happen, that happens sometimes. That's really all we can see right now. We haven't seen the impact of the things I mentioned already because they're starting to pay holding. So it's going to take a lot of them to see. So that loss of these losses next year would presumably be because of all the conditions in terms that I told you are changing. It would be reasonable to expect that the losses will be less than they are right now, but we have yet to see whether the portfolios go through these changes. So nothing other than our exposure was not where the losses occurred.
Michael Zaremski: And as a follow-up, when we're hearing about the substantial rate increases, especially in property, does that take into account the terms and condition changes? Or is that -- are these kind of risk-adjusted rate increases that you're speaking to on some industry participants are speaking to?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. They're not fully risk adjusted, -- it's a really good question because it's a factor of a harder market or a softer market that when you see a rate -- the things that you can measure, you all incorporate into your calculation, but there are things that you cannot calculate or specifically isolate for input in your formula, right? So there's some core insurance wallets in there that are finally going to be put back in the marketplace. But really prevent some of the collections and that could otherwise happen. That's not factored in the pricing. There's -- adding the venue for litigation or mitigation of the losses to be in a different environment, one that's, for instance, more than its 2 or 1 that's left at it, that's not unable to factor that in the pricing. So I would say to the extent that you factor in the deductibles, the sub-living and you can run the cat losses based on the layers where you attach, if you attach higher. I think that is reflected in the pricing that we mentioned. The other things that are also going in the same direction, that's the trademark of a hard market, that is not fully reflected the extra backup that takes a brave that we don't see that we know collectively is there. So it also helps us feel a bit more -- we have more conviction on running more of that business.
Michael Zaremski: Got it. And maybe lastly, switching gears a bit. I believe Arch write a decent amount of professional lines. That's one marketplace that we've seen some stats pointing it to being more of a softer marketplace. Maybe you can comment if that's the case for Arch as well. And I don't know if you gave commentary also just on overall kind of rate increases on your primary insurance book this quarter.
Marc Grandisson: No. So thank you. Good question. So on the first part, for the D&O, we -- our portfolio has been going down a bit further than the rate increase that we saw the professional lines that we have on our financial supplement includes more than this, obviously. But suffice it to say that we're, like everybody else, are seeing a little bit more aggressiveness in that segment. But the one thing that we're -- that makes us being still want to be in there and not declare that this is over by any [indiscernible] is that the trends have been favorable to the OSC claims were down for the last 2 years. And a lot of clients got more broadbrushed rate increase -- rate increase and personally did not fully deserve it. So there's a lot of pushback on this as we speak right now. So again, talk about underwriting and risk selection. There are ways and there are areas where you'll keep getting a 10% rate. There are the areas where you're not okay getting a plus 5%. So I think our team is extremely experienced. I've been doing this for almost 30 years. So there, they're pretty good at picking and choosing their spot in that basis. The overall rate change on that -- we don't record it because the overall rate change is not a good indicator, especially when you have so many varied line of business going up and down. I think that the delta between the rate and -- but you heard with other people and also our book of business, the average is not really a good indicator. But I think the pickup between the trend and the rate is anywhere between to depending on the line of business. So we're still getting some pickup. And those that we may not be getting pickup in margin, at least from the appearance the jury is not as to whether the losses -- the loss trend is truly positive. So it's still not certain where these lines will to be specific D&O.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Jimmy.
Jamminder Bhullar: On your PMLs, they've obviously gone up because you've written a lot more business and you're retaining a lot more. The 8.1% number that you mentioned, it's still lower than peers. Where would you feel comfortable taking it if the market environment remains favorable?
Francois Morin: Well, we think -- yes, just a quick reminder, I think zones for us right now, we're kind of Northeast [indiscernible], we also have like Florida Tri-County, which is kind of at the same level. The 1/1 renewals were more international, more national. So national accounts, not really Southeast specific where we expect to see more activity at 6/1 and 7/1. So no question that we think it will go up. I mean if the market stays as it is right now, could it go up 10%, 12%, we think so, and I think it's a reasonable scenario. But obviously, we'll have to wait and see and figure out and see how the renewals -- how everything gets lined up, but then directionally, I think that's kind of where we think we might be at July 1.
Operator: I'm not seeing any further questions. Would you like to have closing remarks?
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, everyone, for listening to our story. It's a great one, and we are looking forward to get even more good news in the July call. So thank you for everything then.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Arch Capital Group Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call.  At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed in the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in this call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report or Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's Web site. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sir, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Towanda. Good morning, and welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call for Arch Capital Group. Happy Valentine's Day to all. I'm pleased to share that for the fourth quarter of 2022, each of our three underwriting segments produced exceptional results. Our quarter's results were buoyed by a lower than average cat loss experience, a significant favorable development in mortgage reserves and a higher level of profitable earned premiums from our recent growth. This quarter demonstrates the power of our strategy, namely our management of the underwriting cycle across the diversified specialty portfolio with a prudent reserving and underwriting stance. Our P&C insurance underwriting teams continued to lean into hard market conditions and our mortgage team delivered record underwriting income, which is again a direct result of our years as the established market leader there. For the full year of 2022, Arch generated over $1.8 billion of operating income with an operating return on equity of 14.8%. 2022 was our third consecutive year of sustained premium and revenue growth, supporting stronger and more stable earnings power for the near term. The net premium written growth from our P&C unit was exceptional. Reinsurance segment NPW grew 51% for 2022 as the team seized on market dislocations, while our insurance segment grew a robust 21% on the year. We continue to see a broad array of opportunities to allocate capital where rates and terms and conditions allow for growth and attractive returns. Taking stock of where we are in the current market cycle, it's important to note that we have recorded premium growth significantly above the long term industry average. Over the last four years, we've grown property and casualty net premium written threefold to nearly $10 billion from less than $3.6 billion in 2018, while overall rates increased cumulatively by over 40%. As we have stated previously, our cycle management strategy dictates that we maximize premium volume when rates are rising, which is precisely what we've done. While we expect to continue to allocate more capital to the P&C segments for the next several years, I wish to remind our shareholders that we capitalize on the attractive return opportunities in our MI segment to the tune of $5.4 billion of underwriting income since 2017. These profits allowed us to redeploy capital into more accretive uses, including $2 billion worth of share repurchases since 2018 and the substantial growth in profitable P&C premium. MI has been vital to our ability to propel our P&C underwriting growth. Underwriting cycle management is core to our culture, and I want to take a brief detour into how we think about the underwriting cycle here at Arch. Here within simplification of falling grade insurance clock split into four stages. Stage one, at the onset of the hard market, we see rates increase dramatically and capacity withdrawn. Results on the previous soft market results only begin to show up in claims activity. Stage two. This is the beginning of the restoration phase, which is indicated by second and sometimes third round of rate increases along with some improvements for the insurers in the terms and conditions as the industry adjusts its appetite and underwriting policies. Much of the focus during this stage is also geared to filling guests in and replenishing reserve shortfalls from the soft years while showing rapid improvements. Stage 3. That next period is where rates gradually decrease often as a result of overreaction in Stage 2. Underwriting profits from the hard market years gradually show up in the results. This period can be lengthy and it usually allows for still profitable growth, especially for the disciplined underwriters. And finally, Stage 4. Famous Stage 4 is where the industry foresakes underwriting discipline and overly focuses on topline growth even as rate decreases accelerate. This is where Arch's culture of underwriting discipline is most apparent as we cut exposure and prepare for the return of Stage 1. Right now, we are at Stage two in most lines. Some, for instance property, are back to Stage one since the fourth quarter. Understanding where you are at each point of the cycle for every product line and the nuances within each stage is critical to the timely allocation of capital to the areas of greatest opportunity. One of Arch's key sustainable advantages is the breadth of its capabilities across many specialty insurance lines, enhancing greatly our cycle management capabilities. A core strategic tenant of Arch is that underwriting acumen and discipline through the cycle drive superior risk adjusted returns. Now I'd like to share some highlights from our underwriting units. We'll kick it off with reinsurance. For the fourth quarter, net premium written in the reinsurance segment was $1.5 billion, that's more than double the same quarter one year ago. Francois will cover the details. But much of this growth is because we were well positioned to capitalize on broad market opportunities as well as several one off opportunities resulting from market dislocations emerging in the fourth quarter. It is worth noting that the fourth quarter growth does not include the January 1 property and property cat renewals, which will be reflected in our next quarter's results. As you've heard, pricing for the January 1 renewals were strong. Cat pricing and terms both improved, leading to effective rate changes in the plus 30% to plus 50% range. We anticipate these trends will continue as the midyear property cat renewal and should translate to strong property cat premium growth in 2023 for Arch. Moving now to our Insurance segment. where we continue to reap the benefits of the investments we've made in enhancing our specialty businesses in the UK and in the US. On the year, we wrote over $5 billion of NPW, net premium written, compared to $4.1 billion in '21, with growth coming from a diverse mix of business. Underwriting performance continues to be excellent with an ex-cat accident year commodity ratio of 89.6%. Rate increases with a few exceptions remain above loss cost trend and we expect this strong momentum to continue for 2023. The insurance market remains rational and disciplined. We expect also continued opportunities due to the ongoing global uncertainties and remain optimistic that this disciplined behavior that we saw in the P&C industry for the last three years will persist as we move through Stage two of the cycles. Next, our mortgage team, again, had an acceptable quarter, capping off an excellent year. As we benefited from earnings from our embedded book as well as from favorable reserve development as cures on delinquencies exceeded our expectations. The mortgage segment delivered $374 million of underwriting income in the quarter and $1.3 billion for the year, an excellent contribution in a year where higher mortgage interest rates slowed new originations. Our insurance in force, the earnings foundation of the mortgage segment, grew to $513 billion at year end '22 as persistency increased due to higher mortgage rates. As expected, higher mortgage rates led to reduced [NRW] as mortgage rates touched 7%, the highest rates in 20 years. Looking broadly at the MI industry's health, we have borrower credit quality which is outstanding and excess housing demand above supply, the US unemployment rate is near historic lows and the borrowers' equity in their homes remain at very healthy levels. One thing worthy of mention is that the MI industry is acting in a disciplined and responsible manner. In the face of these economic uncertainties, premium rates are increasing while underwriting quality remains strong. Finally, the interest rate increases we've seen in the last 12 plus months should help fuel our net investment income through 2023. We are poised to benefit from higher reinvestment rates coupled with the growth in invested assets. I've got auto racing on my mind lately, and when I look at our industry, I can't help but think that Arch is one of the best cars on the track. We know that winning the raise comes down to more than having a great driver or the fastest car. There is much preparation, analysis and looking at the conditions on the track as well as monitoring the other drivers. By recognizing the soft market conditions in '17 and '18, we avoided the mistakes others made early in the race when they might have burned tires or overheated their engines. The pricing began to improve in 2019, we're able to take advantage of some of our competition basket stuff and engine problems, and we took the opportunity to take more of a lead on the track by increasing substantially our writings. And then once we saw some clear track ahead of us, we were able to accelerate even faster. Today, we're firing on all cylinders and I know we've got the right crew to bring in home. Let's hand the wheel over to Francois before coming back to and answer your questions. Francois?
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. I'm very pleased to share that once again, Arch had an excellent quarter on virtually every front. The year concluded with fourth quarter aftertax operating income of $2.14 per share for an annualized operating return on average common equity of 28%. Book value per share was up 9.9% in the quarter to $32.62 and down only 2.8% on the year, a great result considering the impact raising interest rates had on our fixed income portfolio with a difficult year in equity markets and the elevated catastrophe activity we experienced this year. Turning to the operating segments. Net premium written by our reinsurance segment grew by an exceptional 118% over same quarter last year. Although this quarter, we had a few large one off transactions that impacted our results and contributed $407 million to our net written premium. Adjusting for these transactions, our net premium written growth was still elevated at 61% for the quarter. These transactions are yet another example of the dislocated state of the uninsurance market where our strong balance sheet provides a significant advantage as we look to deploy meaningful capital to support ceding companies at terms that meet our target return expectations. More importantly, the underlying performance of the segment this quarter was very good with an ex-cat accident year combined ratio of 82.9% and a de minimis impact from current accident year capacity losses. Reflecting ongoing hard market conditions, the insurance segment also closed the year on a very good note with fourth quarter net premium written growth of 17.4% over the same quarter one year ago in an accident quarter combined ratio, excluding caps of 89.6%. Most of our lines of business still benefit from excellent market conditions, both in the US and internationally, and our expectations for the coming year remain very positive. Our mortgage segment continued its run of quarters with results better than long term averages as claim activity for the business remain low. While production volumes were down due to the lower level of originations in the market, we remain positive on the return prospects for this business. Net premiums earned were up slightly on a sequential basis as the persistency of our in-force insurance at 79.5% at the end of the quarter continued to increase. The combined ratio, excluding prior year development, was 45% for the quarter and reflects our prudent approach to loss reserving, one of our key operating principles. Our underwriting income reflected $270 million of favorable prior year development on a pretax basis across all segments this quarter, which represents approximately $0.66 per share after tax. While most of this favorable prior year development, $211 million, came from the mortgage segment, mostly on claim reserves set up for COVID related delinquencies in the 2020 and 2021 accident years at US MI, it is worth pointing out that our P&C reserves also contributed to the overall results. Of note, both our insurance and reinsurance segments had another quarter of favorable reserve development, and the 2022 calendar year phase two incurred ratio for our P&C operations was 58.7%, its lowest level in more than five years. Both these metrics provide some insight into the adequacy of our loss reserves, which constitute an important element in the quality of our balance sheet. Quarterly income from operating affiliates stood at $36 million and was generated from good results [indiscernible] in summers. Pretax net investment income was $0.48 per share, up 41% from the third quarter of 2022. Cash flow from operations, over $3.8 billion for the year, was strong and when combined with the proceeds from maturities and sales of securities in a rapidly rising yield environment, and hence, the underlying contribution from our investment portfolio. Going forward, with new money rates in our fixed income portfolio in the 4.5% to 5% range and a growing base of invested assets, we are well positioned to deliver an increasing level of investment income to help fuel our bottom line. Total return for our investment portfolio was 2.6% on a US dollar basis for the quarter with all of our strategies delivering positive returns. The contribution to the overall result was primarily led by our fixed income portfolio, which benefited from relatively stable interest rates and tightening credit spreads. The overall position of our investment portfolio remains relatively unchanged as we remain cautious relative to duration, credit and equity risk. Turning to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis stood at $970 million as of January 1 or 8% of tangible shareholders' equity. Again, well below our internal limits at the single event one in 250 year return level. Our peak zone PML remains at Florida Tri-County region. And as Marc mentioned, the PMLs we report represent a point in time estimate of the exposure from our in-force portfolio and the premium associated with the January 1 renewals will get reported in our financials starting next quarter. On the capital front, we did not repurchase any shares this quarter as our assessment of the market opportunity in 2023 remains very positive, one where we should be able to deploy meaningful capital into our business at attractive returns for the benefit of our shareholders. Finally, as Marc mentioned in his remarks, the results we enjoyed this year across our operations were achieved through a thoughtful and deliberate execution of our cycle management strategy and a strong culture of allocating capital to the most profitable markets and opportunities. These results, which were an important contributor to us joining the S&P 500, were only made possible by the ongoing hard work and dedication of our over 5,000 employees across the globe. They deserve a tremendous amount of credit for making us who we are today, an industry leader with a stellar 20 plus year track record that is ready for the opportunities and challenges ahead of us. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: Your one in 250 PML to tangible equity of 8% as of 1/1 wasn't too dissimilar to your 7.7% as of September 30th. So I'm wondering what made you pause to incrementally take more exposure? Did that have anything to do with less retro capacity or your view of ROEs based on pricing for that incremental cat exposure?
Marc Grandisson: I think this number -- interesting, this number is one region, one area, one sub zone. What is not seen in the numbers, and we'll have a more thorough discussion at the Q1 call is that we've increased cat exposure across a wider range of sub zones, and that doesn't really come across through that Tri-County. And I remind you, Tracy that the Tri-County renewal is going to be more important and more apparent at the June 1 renewal. So it's also one first step into it. So we have grown a European exposure because the race course look pretty good there. Significantly, it would not show up into that one single number, right? This is sort of a -- it relies sort of the true increase in allocated capital to catastrophe. If you look at the aggregate number, which is a better reflection there is [indiscernible] increase, that will be commensurate, it actually would -- you'll see the premium increase and the cap allocation increase are -- it will make sense to you.
Tracy Benguigui: So as you look through the year, even though 25% is your maximum threshold, where do you think you could realistically land based on your risk appetite?
Marc Grandisson: Tracy, our typical answer is, you tell me what the rate levels are like, and we'll tell you what we think we can do. We have a plan based on certain various levels of rate changes in terms of condition changes by zone by region. And our team, as you can appreciate, is willing and able to operate on that basis. If you take a step back, I think the overall capital position of the company is, we have plenty of opportunities to deploy, it's hard for us right now to see going all the way to '25. But certainly, we have room to grow and we have the capital and the relationships to do so.
Tracy Benguigui: And also really quickly on the reinsurance side, in recent times, you focused more on quota share over XOL. So with hard pricing, where do you see the best opportunities? I'm thinking about lower ceding commissions on quota shares and the higher rate online on the XOL side?
Marc Grandisson: So I think it's across the board. You just mentioned that we have improved economics both on the quota share in excess of loss. I think that the numbers you see in Q4, a lot of it has to do with our recent growth in the quota share that we've written. I think by virtue of the cat XL, as we just talked about a few months ago, increasing, I think that we would be in a position to increase our excess of loss contribution to the bottom line. But when the hard market is around, which we still see on the reinsurance side and the insurance and the P&C side, we have a tendency to migrate towards a quota share. There's a few reasons for that. Number one, one of the big reasons that we like to talk about is, you inherit some diversification within that portfolio that you otherwise would not necessarily get from a net excess of loss perspective. And we really, really like this and we like to be closer to the rate change, right? When you're on a quota share basis, you’re side by side with a client as opposed to in excess of loss, you need to be relying on your sole pricing to make it work. So over time when the market gets harder, I think you will expect us and as part of the cycle management to underwrite more quota share versus excess of loss. This year, they're both pretty good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski with BMO.
Michael Zaremski: I'll stick with the primary insurance segment, given I feel like most of the questions will probably be on reinsurance. The growth has been decelerating there a bit. Marc, we heard your prepared remarks, sounds like you're still excited, but maybe you can kind of talk about what's driving the deceleration, what are you guys seeing? I don't know if it's worth bifurcating between kind of E&S excess surplus lines versus non-E&S. I'm just curious if the discipline there is dissipating a bit more versus reinsurance?
Marc Grandisson: I think we're just experiencing, in the fourth quarter, that will probably change in '23, I think opportunities are going to resurface more broadly than we even had in the fourth quarter, right? I think it took a little bit to the market to digest in and to what it means for the overall market. I think another market, it's clearly in the camp up making -- doing what it needs to do to improve the return on the pricing on the property, which I think also you heard in other calls, I think will impact broader set of line business beyond the property exposure. But if we’re to go back, so if you look at the 70% growth, I mean 70% growth over, premium is about 3 times the size three, four years ago, we did have a lot of growth in the beginning of our market. So as you get into the late stages, I think 70% could be equivalent to another 50% increase in 2021 or 2020, when we started to lean into the market. So I think this is a natural phenomenon that after a while, you have -- now that you mined everything, but you really have pushed as hard as you could, and we're still pushing hard. Even 70% to me is about 3 times the average growth in the premium in the industry, that tells me that we're still seeing a lot of opportunities. But again, like I said, we're later in the stage of the [indiscernible]. And I think that we'll see a rejuvenation, if you will, of that growth possibly because the insurance companies are going to have to increase, as we all know, their pricing. One is the property cap and the higher retention why they have more risk retaining. And we're participating like the other guys on the insurance market, so we expect market to sort of getting a second bite of the apple, if you will, of a hardening market.
Michael Zaremski: And as a follow-up, sticking with the primary insurance segment. So it sounds like the opportunities might fall within the property space, if I'm interpreting your comments correctly. And when we're thinking about the segment's combined ratio, I feel like looking at my older notes, it was kind of mid-90s. Was the goal -- is that still what you're thinking, or as time has been so good in terms of the market cycle that we should be thinking lower 90s is the more near term goal?
Marc Grandisson: I think we said a few things about the combined ratio. The 95% was meant as a target back in '16, '17 when interest rates were quite a bit lower, and it went down further. As you know, that meant that we needed to have a lower combined ratio targets, which we targeted over last two, three years, that's where you see the impact to us. I think from our perspective, low 90s is still what -- or high 80s is sort of what we're still pushing for because within the interest rates, they may revert back and come down after a while in a year, year and half from now. So you don't want to be rushing to recognize all the various interest rates, although we are currently -- we are pricing into our business, but we tend to take a longer view like we do on the trend on our inflation. And we're thinking the rates might come back down. So I think we would still target a lower 90s to high 80s to get the returns that we think we deserve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamminder Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: First, I had a question on the reinsurance business. If you look at your premium growth, even excluding the sort of large transactions, onetime transactions, you mentioned the number is extremely strong and obviously, doesn't have the impact of 1/1 renewals in it. So what's really driving that and do you expect some of those factors that drove the strong growth to continue into '23 as well?
Marc Grandisson: I mean the one thing that right from the get go, I think, you need to appreciate the quota share business is something that we might have written a deal in January 1 of '22, and the premium gets written over the four quarters. So we're benefiting from that, that's showing up in each of the four quarters. If the underlying rate increases also from the ceding companies are higher than what we might have expected at the start that gets adjusted throughout the year. So a couple of factors were, basically, we're just following effectively the fortunes of the companies. But still, I think our teams deserve a lot of credit for going after these opportunities, being responsive to the client needs, being -- providing good capacity with good ratings. Does that continue on in '23? We think so. We think the market is there and the [Technical Difficulty] growth was not only in [Technical Difficulty] business, it's pretty much in [Technical Difficulty] business. And property and properties [Technical Difficulty] a lot of attention in the last few weeks, but still, I mean all lines of business, other specialty, casualty, marine, aviation, remain -- I think all lines are, I think, in a position to really keep growing at a good cliff in ‘23.
Jamminder Bhullar: And then just shifting on to MI. Your loss ratio is obviously very good, but I think the loss pick did pick up a little bit in the fourth quarter. So is that more sort of national driven or is it more regional to where you're starting to see some maybe softening in the market in certain regions or states?
Francois Morin: Well, we've navigated through the regional differences in our pricing. So I think we have constructed our portfolio that we're very happy with, stayed away from what we perceive to be the more dangerous areas and underpriced areas. So I think that's kind of showing up in our performance over time. In terms of reserving, I'd say, two things. One, the delinquency rates are still very low. So it's not like we're really seeing pressure at this point in terms of the higher level of delinquencies being reported, and the loss ratio pick is really more a function of us being a bit more prudent. I think there's a little bit of uncertainty with -- whole prices, are they about to come down, does that create some potential pressure? We think we're very aware of that, whether there's a recession, et cetera. But we're still very, very positive on the segments. It's just a realization that this is maybe a likely riskier environment than we were in like a year or two years ago, and our reserves are going to reflect that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple of them here for me. First, Marc, Francois, you guys typically provide in your 10-Qs the one in 250 for the other regions well, Northeast and Gulf of Mexico, UK. I'm wondering if you could give -- have those statistics so we can get a better sense of what type of growth you're going to see at 1/1 renewals? And maybe focus also on Europe, because I know Europe was -- you got a good operation there and a lot of opportunities there.
Francois Morin: I mean the ones we reported really a couple more regions. We don't have -- I don't have those handy. I think the most of my -- to Marc's point, I think a lot of the growth that we saw, at least at 1/1, will come through in regions that were, I'd say, we were probably a little bit underweight in the past. So that's going to show up in Q1 premium and for the rest of the year, but in terms of P&L, it really doesn't have an impact.
Brian Meredith: And then second question. I'm just curious, Marc, if I take a look back -- and I'm going to date myself a little bit here. If I look back at which your underlying kind of combined ratios looks like back in 2003, 2004 after the last hard market, you're getting pretty close there in the reinsurance business. Are we getting to the point where we're kind of seeing max margins in that business, maybe you get a little bit more in 2023, but how much more do you think you really get here?
Marc Grandisson: I don't know the answer to that. I like the comparison to ‘02 or ‘03. I would actually like to compare probably more like a combination of ‘02, ‘03, maybe ‘04 in liability and maybe ‘06 or ‘07 on the property side. So I don't know what that means. We haven't blended growing the combined ratio that we had in this year, but that probably would be close to what we can do. I mean, look, there's a lot of things that are different this time around. The interest rates are lower than they were before internationally. More specifically, we're an international diversified reinsurance company. Hard to tell, but it's certainly going in a way of getting above our long term ROE targets that's for sure, and that's really what, in the end, what really drives us, as you know.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: My first question, just looking at the ROE profile of the company, clearly, there's upwards momentum here. Can you maybe talk about, A, what the target would be and B, if you'd see it coming more from -- or the expansion from here on coming more from NII or more from underwriting?
Francois Morin: I'd like to think we got room to grow. But you're right, I think the biggest probably opportunity is NII, just with the leverage and the correction or the increase in interest rates we saw last year. I think that's going to take still a little bit of time to show up in the numbers. But as we look forward over the next 12 to 24 months, I'd like to think that, that will -- there's leverage there that we can show up in the numbers. In terms of the segment’s results, I think they can all -- mortgages, again, the reported results, I mean significant reserve releases, which certainly helped the bottom line and the ROEs that are reported. But we think the segments, the fundamentals underlying each of the three segments are still very good and they can actually still deliver very healthy results.
Yaron Kinar: And then my second question, just looking at the insurance business, it sounds like you think that there maybe some inflection to accelerating growth again in '23. Can you maybe help us think about the impact of the reinsurance market, kind of available capacity, cost of reinsurance, how that plays into the potential growth that you see for net premiums written in '23 in insurance?
Marc Grandisson: Great question, Yaron, because I think what we're going to see through '23 is a recognition. I mean it's already there but it's probably really coming home and the rules for us as a saving company right on the insurance line and our clients and ceding companies that more needs to be charged to the insurers that they can in turn pay the reinsurer they need to buy. Even if they went there, right, we heard that a lot of increasing retention, there’s still more volatility that's absorbed by those insurance carriers, which should lead to, again, needing a higher rate, everything else being equal. So I think what we're seeing is -- what we'll see is gradually -- and again, on the reinsurance sectors, Yaron, you can just renew business 1/1 and everything changes on a dime, right, on one stroke of the pen. On the insurance side, it take 12 month period to transition and transform and then reprice the whole business. So that's what I think we're going to be seeing, that's why I'm also fairly optimistic is because we're going to have that repricing occurring throughout 2023 and beyond. And alongside with those, between all of us here, the terms and conditions are also going to be on the table, right, on the docket for companies to present to find a way to not curtail but find a way to have a better risk sharing with their insurers when it comes down to other policy. So I guess for that reason that's what underlies is that sticker shock, not sticker shock, but good increase in reinsurance at the beginning of the year that we'll have to filter through all the plans and budgeting for all the insurance companies, including ourselves as we go forward in '23. So it's going to be a slow motion but it's going to happen, that's why I'm optimistic.
Yaron Kinar: And I apologize, I'm going to try and sneak one more in here. A clarification, when you talked about kind of targeting low 90s, high 80s combined ratio, was that a reported combined ratio in the insurance segment?
Marc Grandisson: That's policy year target effective [Technical Difficulty] it’s just expected, right, plus or minus, as you know, in our space, is volatility around the expected numbers, but this is long term expected.
Yaron Kinar: Because I think you've been running at kind of mid-90s. So where is that improvement coming from, is it mostly just better rates and in risk selection?
Marc Grandisson: Well, we're running -- we're running about 90 now, and I think that we still continue to see improvement in pricing. So that should help us get there somehow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous.
Ryan Tunis: First question, I guess following up on Tracy. Could you give us some indication of, I guess, how you're viewing your overall cat budget this year relative to '21 based on what you saw with 1/1 renewals? Should we expect to kind of the expected cat ratio to be higher?
Francois Morin: The cat ratio or cat? I mean, in terms of…
Marc Grandisson: Cat load.
Francois Morin: Dollars of cap, yes, we think will go up. No question. We've been targeting, we’re targeting -- I mean our cat load in '22 was, call it, $80 million a quarter. Now it's probably between $100 million and $120 million for the first quarter of '23 based on what we wrote, right? And we'll see how that develops for the rest of the year. I mean, depending on how the 41, 61, 71 renewals, how those kind of materialize, there is, I'd say, a good probability that it will keep going up throughout the year. But based on the in-force portfolio that we have currently for the first quarter, I mean, that's kind of how we see the exposure to cat losses.
Ryan Tunis: And then I’d one for Marc, I guess, on the man-made cat side, which isn't something we've talked about too much. But I would think that's one of the better markets right now on the reinsurance side. And I guess just trying to size that, whether or not maybe some of the rate increases post Ukraine, if that can move the needle relative to property capital, just looking at your marine and aviation premium, it's actually pretty chunky relative to property cat. So if you could just give us some indication of can that move the needle, is that something that we should be paying more attention to in terms of the markets you're seeing that are getting incremental firming that could help Arch?
Marc Grandisson: I think the one thing with an event such as Ukraine, which is a war event, there's actually a specific market for those kinds of risks. So it's not like it's included part of the overall coverages for cat or whatever else out there. There was some -- there definitely is a result of that event in attempt to exclude a lot of these war events and bring them back into the proper -- aviation war, on marine war market, for instance. So yes, there is a lot of -- obviously, a lot of activity there, a lot of rate increases there. We're participating in there, but those markets are to begin with pretty small. So that's why I think you'll see some improvement, but it may not be necessarily enough to move the needle for the industry, even though it's a very, very healthy proposition that rates have gone through the roof as you can appreciate for the right reasons in those types of business.
Ryan Tunis: And then just lastly, the acquisition expense ratio has been kind of hard to pin down at Arch over the past few years, but it's gone up. Obviously, it sounds like there were some changes in terms of ceding commission structures, things like that at 1/1. Is there anything directional you can say about maybe how the acquisition expense ratios could move in '23 versus '22, or do we just kind of expect something relatively similar?
Francois Morin: I don't think it's going to move a whole lot from where it's been. I think there's been a lot of shifts in the mix of business over the years, right, as particularly as our insurance book in the UK has grown, that's a bit higher acquisition ratio, different kind of that reinsurance purchasing decision. So there's a long list of reasons or explanations as to why it is where it is now. And obviously, what we focus about -- what we're focused on is the bottom line returns whether -- if we're going to pay a bit more acquisition, we certainly think we're going to get a lower loss ratio and that has been the case. But for your modeling, we kind of, I think, exercise. I assume something pretty similar to '22 as a starting point, and we'll keep you updated as the year goes on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I guess, is going back to the reinsurance margin discussion that came up earlier. So you guys have a flat PML and you guys are seeing 30% to 50% rate increases in cat. Wouldn't that triangulate into margin improvement coming through in the reinsurance book in 2023?
Marc Grandisson: Well, if I could just isolate. First, we wonder where you were, so good to see you there. Second, I think if you look at the property characters, I think the returns have dramatically improved. But as you know, for us, it's going to be incrementally, of course, accretive to our bottom line, but we're not -- it's not the biggest line of business for us. So that's what allows us, we believe, the opportunity and room to grow the way we think we could grow in 2023. So it's hard to say how much more, but the property cat itself, the market itself, has significant margin improvement.
Elyse Greenspan: Would you say, building on that, Marc, would you say that of all your business lines as you sit here today, the line with the best expected return in '23 would be catastrophe reinsurance?
Marc Grandisson: It's up there, but there are others that we don't advertise too much that are really, really healthy and getting better, as we speak. And as big, if not has been -- probably, some of them are as big as a property cat -- property cat writing. So we have quite a few who are giving us pretty high returns, but it is up there, you heard on the call, this is a good time to write property cat excel, a really good time.
Elyse Greenspan: And then you said, on the PML discussion, you had mentioned, right, that we need to kind of see how things come together at June 1 that, that could also be a good opportunity. What could derail this, is it just alternative capital and more capital coming into the reinsurance space as you think leading up to June 1? And even when we think beyond that, what are you guys concerned about that could derail the uplift that we've seen in the catastrophe reinsurance market?
Marc Grandisson: I mean it's hard to imagine, Elyse. I think the third party capital you mentioned, there’s still -- we're in a wait and see attitude. The US renewal, as we all know, is a small portion of the overall cat writing in the year, so more has to happen and as we all know. And in line with what -- our Tri-County was up, Florida exposure -- Florida is the biggest exposure. So it's hard to tell what could derail it. I'm trying to think out loud, the third-party coming in, I don't see it being a case. No cat in the first half of the year. While we better have no -- it would be great for an industry to take advantage of the less cat activity. No, it's hard to see anything at least, because I think that the psychology of the market is quarry of the kind of remediating what needs to be remediated in a property cat space at all levels. And from the C-suite all the way down to the underwriting system desk, I think it's clearly a recognition that we need more. I think the only thing I could say is, the one thing that I could say just to help you out here, I think that will make sense to you that we may have a bit less than perhaps some people have budgeted or maybe a bit more than budgeted price increase when we have a delta around what we see. But in terms of core capital needs and supply and demand, I don't see a major shift. I mean that was a long question, because I was thinking out loud here, but there you go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: I hope this one covered. I missed about a minute of the call. But I was hoping it would be dig into the nonrecurring transactions in reinsurance, I'm assuming this was a retroactive reinsurance. And I was hoping you could talk about specifically the sort of risks or the lines of business that you're assuming, and maybe give us an update on what that market looks like now?
Francois Morin: I mean to keep it at a fairly high level, those are general -- I mean, I consider them to be kind of capital relief, capital support transactions for a variety of reasons. Companies that have grown a lot under some rating agency pressures, aiming capital relief, companies trying to put some exposures behind them, et cetera. But just to clarify those are not retroactive so they're all insurance accounted transactions, insurance or reinsurance accounting, so that flows through our premium. They are across -- you saw it in our line of business, they did hit multiple of our lines of business. Some were other specialties, some were casualty, some are a little bit of property. So it's a spread. But it's all in a vibrant market. I mean there's a lot of pain that some companies are experiencing right now, and they're working for solutions. And again, we think we have strong balance sheet and capital to support them. So I think -- we don't know if they're going to happen again, those are lumpy. But if and when they are presented to us, we're happy to consider them and once in a while, we end up writing a few of them.
Meyer Shields: Second question on mortgage insurance, and I don't even know how to phrase this, but you put up very conservative reserves for mortgage insurance over the course of COVID. And I'm wondering how much of that unusual reserve is still there because clearly, speaking at least for myself, we haven't done a great job of forecasting reserve releases in that unit.
Francois Morin: Well, it's a great question, which is becoming harder and harder to answer, because in the early days, no question that we had adjusted our -- because so many loan, the delinquencies that were in our inventory were in forbearance and trying to make the distinction between kind of forbearance and non-forbearance delinquencies and how much of that worth was -- a new concept or new kind of reality we were basing. Over time, I mean it's been three years now. I think the reality is like the inventory is somewhat kind of commingled. So we don't really think of loans and forbearance kind of that differently than we look at the other loans, even though we know there's still a few of them in the inventory. So I mean long story to say that it's not something we tend to quantify directly every quarter anymore, but we still perceive that there's a bit of risk with COVID related reserves, and that's why we've been holding on to the reserves up to the point where we think we just don't need them. And right now, this quarter was an example where I think the data kind of suggested that we were -- it is the right time to really that there are no other reserves that were set up in those years.
Marc Grandisson: And Meyer, quickly, I think what Francois is saying is true for all lines of business and historically, while we'll try to take a prudent stance on reserve to ensure we have enough and will let data speak for itself. And this one is very unusual, Meyer, right, the dynamic [indiscernible] something unlike anything else. It's when we have another one, we'll have a better playbook to use, but we just didn't know. And we still don't know, it’s still not over [indiscernible] are forbearance. So it's still coming back in the -- it's not totally gone yet. So that's what leads us to be that much more. From the outside it looks like we're conservative, but we think we’re being prudent and the data speak for itself. And mostly, if it happens that we don't need it then we'll adjust it based on the data we see.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: I'm wondering what your outlook is on professional lines within your insurance segment? And particularly, what stage you would classify that business in when you went through your stages?
Marc Grandisson: Tracy, would you -- do you include D&O there, or you just wanted the ex-D&O, which lines specifically -- professional lines is a really broad market…
Tracy Benguigui: So my focus is more on D&O.
Marc Grandisson: D&O, okay. So D&O, we expect similar trends that we saw in the last fourth quarter, it may change a little bit as a result of the overall thing that's happening in the marketplace. But the trend in the large commercial, for instance, have been neutral to negative, actually, for the last three, four years. So I would say that even though we may hear -- you hear, I know rate decreases on our D&O for large commercial, there's rationality behind it. So we expect rationality specific to this. It’s not -- there's a lot of data that points to -- that validates what kind of price points we're seeing on the D&O side. On the smaller D&O side, which we do a fair amount of -- to remind you, we do fair amount of D&O. We still see a very, very stable, very good marketplace. But again, the smaller D&Os are not the big ticket items that you would expect, but a lot of them are going to be not for profit small policy. So minimum premium is really -- a lot of times what happens and that 5% increase might be $50, right? So these are the kind of things that we do [indiscernible] and we have grown dramatically over the last four or five years, it's becoming a big section of what we do. That market is healthy from a [change] perspective, right, to go back where it said about the large commercial, the SCAs are down 25%, 30% over the last four years. So it's a pretty good market to be there. The IPO market has stabilized. It was pretty hot for a while, pricing got crazy. We took advantage of a lot of opportunity that's not crazy, but it was a very acute needing capacity. We expect this to sort of renormalize again. So I think I would say, D&O is normalizing for the large commercial, sort of a Stage four. I meant Stage 3 we’re recognizing some of the overreaction, but the smaller D&O is probably early stage or Stage 3, which is still very profitable and a little bit of decrease here and there or a slight increase.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Well, spend a good day with your loved ones, and we will see you in the next quarter. Thanks for listening, guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Third Quarter 2022 Arch Soft Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session. And instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this call may be recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sir, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, and welcome to Arch's third quarter earnings call. Our investors know that with Arch, you're getting a diversified time-tested active capital allocator. Are we on now?
Operator: Yes.
Marc Grandisson: Okay. Let me start again, guys. Sorry about this. Our investors know that with Arch, you're getting a diversified, time-tested active capital allocator that understands that how you navigate cycles is crucial for long-term success. Hurricane Ian gave us a stark reminder of the importance of insurance. And our hearts go first to all those lives or property. As we turn to 2023, our agility is never more important. As an insurer, we provide protection for our clients during times of uncertainty. The reality for our industry is that big events like Ian almost always result in opportunities for the company that actively manage their capital and have the ability and the decisiveness to act when markets need their capacity. Arch is one of those companies. The current environment presents Arch with the opportunity to enhance its relationships with clients as they seek out insurance and reinsurance solutions in these uncertain times. The cat activity in the third quarter has significantly increased pressure on property cat market, which could have ripple effects across all property and as we approach the 2023 renewals. Over the last several years, we've maintained that property cat rates have been inadequate. Now the market recognizes this as well. The events of the past 18 months significant interest rate hikes, repricing of investments, ongoing general inflation concerns and the increasing cost of capital, all point to the need for a higher margin safety in the premium with property being the poster job. We're pleased that the underwriting discipline of our insurance and reinsurance segments limited Ian's impact to a quarterly earnings event. As we have said before, our proactive approach to cycle management enables us to protect our capital over the long term. From Arch standpoint, as other insurers are reducing their overall participation, we have an opportunity to showcase our outstanding team, strong balance sheet, underwriting acumen and creative things. Our positioning should reward our shareholders with superior risk adjusted return in. I want to take a few minutes to call your attention to areas in each operating segment where we continue to make positive strides. In the third quarter, our insurance and reinsurance segments continued to grow premium and delivered solid current accident year ex cat combined ratios. 89.5 for insurance and 85.5 for reinsurance. In our insurance operations, we continue to see strong net premium written growth in the third quarter, up approximately 19% in the same period in 2021. Some of the most significant growth came from professional liability, including cyber as well as a strong increase in travel lines. Our excess and surplus lines business, both property and casualty, also continued to achieve rate increases of trend, and we are optimistic about the opportunity for further growth in 2023. Competition in P&C is robust, but rational, and the markets are taking a more technical approach to pricing and a project suits Arch's underwriting commodity. Cyber insurance has become increasingly important to our insurers globally, and we have substantially increased our support because quite simply, we believe that today's cyber market has changed for the better. The most important development over the past several quarters is that the alignment between clients and insurance companies have significantly improved as insurers have become more vigilant in their efforts to mitigate cyber risk. Additionally, insurance terms and conditions have sufficiently tightened, retentions have increased and rates have reached a level where we believe we have an opportunity to earn an appropriate return for the assumption of risk.  Next, our reinsurance segment once again delivered excellent top line growth of the specialty businesses, including property, property cat and other specialty lines. Since inception, a hallmark of our reinsurance group has been its ability to quickly adapt to changing market and reallocate capital to earn better risk-adjusted returns. Excellent market conditions and the likelihood of capacity constraints were to likely create an eventful January 1 renewal period, and our teams are actively planning to meet the demands of our clients. Now to the mortgage group or, as I call it, our beautiful business. They once again provided proof of their sustainable earnings model by delivering $299 million of underwriting income that is essentially uncorrelated with our P&C operations. Although higher interest rates affected new origination volume, they also improve the persistency of our portfolio, which rose 4% in the quarter to 75.4% and allowed us to grow our U.S. primary mortgage insurance imports to nearly $295 million. Our embedded book is in great shape. Credit quality remains excellent. Unemployment is still at the historical low and the average borrower had a superior FICO score of 748. Homeowners equity, a key factor in protecting against claims is very high with 90% of policies having at least 15% equity in the home. In addition, the MI market is being proactive, increasing rates to adjust to the evolving environment. We continue to be thoughtful in how we manage our mortgage portfolio and because of our diversified model, we have the ability to take a measured view of the business as just one component of our diversified enterprise. In the near term, better returns will most likely come from our property and casual segment and we would expect that our capital allocation will bear this out. Although investment returns were challenged again in the third quarter, it's important to note that rising investment yields even after adjusting for claims inflation should help boost our return on equity. Obviously, with the Fed attempting to inflation, when we continue to see negative investment markdowns, a significant amount of which we would expect to recover as our fixed income securities mature over the next several years. Ultimately, the relatively high quality and short duration of our portfolio, combined with strong cash flows provide an opportunity for us to reinvest in new money yields that are substantially higher than our current book yields. In conclusion, outperforming in the P&C insurance market is always a challenge and the most recent paradigm where the property cat market was supported by cheaper alternative capital had increased the level of difficulty. However, many of the investors in ILS funds have recently seen their becomes underperformed and are beginning to leave the market. Without an obvious source of cheaper capital, our industry is nearing an inflection point. There appears to be a shortage of players with the capacity and willingness to participate, creating possible supply shortfall. Fortunately, for our shareholders, we have both the capacity and the willingness to deploy more capital in that space for as long as the reward justifies the risk. We're optimistic with regards to the opportunities ahead of us in the fourth quarter and into 2022. We talk about our principles of set cycle management and capital allocation at almost every opportunity because they're truly part of our DNA. We have remained disciplined over time and kept our focus on fundamentals when it came to underwriting. The market needs companies like us to rise to meet their needs. And as I like to say to our team, Arch is open for business.  With that said, I'll turn it over to Francois to go through some of our financial details before returning to answer your questions. Francois?
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. As we communicated in our release earlier last week, our third quarter results were adversely impacted by the effects of Hurricane Ian and other global catastrophe events. in spite of the severe nature of Ian, which we believe will end up being the largest single loss in our history, we reported after-tax operating income of $0.28 per share resulting in an annualized operating return on average common equity of 3.8%. Year-to-date, our annualized operating ROE is 11.6%. This result demonstrates once again the value and the resilience of our diversified platform. Now on to catastrophe and losses, where we wanted to provide a bit more color on our assessment of Hurricane Ian. We all know it's still very early in the claim adjusting process, and the final determination of our ultimate loss exposure will likely not be known for quite some time. Our initial estimate of the ultimate losses is based on an industry loss of $50 billion to $60 billion. We believe this range is appropriate at this time given the unknown impacts of inflationary trends, potential supply and demand imbalances and labor and material costs. The newly introduced Florida Property Insurance Reforms and the extent to which storm search claims may end up being covered by insurers, among others. Overall, we believe our estimated market share of the event will be comparable to prior or large events of a similar nature. In the insurance segment, net written premium grew 18.6% over the same quarter one year ago as our underwriting teams continue to find new business that meets our return expectations. Overall, underwriting performance was excellent with an excellent year combined ratio excluding cat of 89.5%, a 100 basis point improvement over the third quarter of 2021. In line with the last few quarters commentary, an ongoing shift in our business mix and structure of our reinsurance programs resulted in a slightly different split between the loss and expense ratios compared to the same quarter one year ago. In the reinsurance segment, net written premium grew by 73.6% over the same quarter last year. It's worth pointing out that in the third quarter of 2021, we had a cat up in seeded premium the Somers REIT, significantly reducing our net written premium. Absent this impact, the year-over-year increase in net written premium would have been 37.9% and much like the insurance group reflects an environment where we are better able to write business that meets our return thresholds. The segment produced a next cat accident year combined ratio of 85.5%, 230 basis points higher than the same quarter one year ago as a result of an elevated number of large attritional claims in our property other than property catastrophe book and also an increase in our expense ratio due to an ongoing shift from excess allowance to more proportional business. We believe this movement in the loss ratio is well within our expectations of the inherent variability of the underlying claims activity in our book of business. Our mortgage segment had an other excellent quarter with a combined ratio excluding prior year development of 39.9%. Net premiums earned decreased on a sequential basis as we continue to see the effects of higher recessions on our U.S. MI book and lower levels of single premium policy terminations. Persistency of our in-force insurance now stands at 75.4% at the end of the quarter. It has continued to increase due to the rising mortgage rates which considerably reduces the attractiveness of mortgage refinancing for most borrowers. We recognized $126 million of favorable prior year development across the mortgage segment this quarter as delinquencies continue to cure at a higher rate than expected. Over 80% of the favorable claim development came from our first lien insured portfolio at U.S. MI mostly related to the 2020 and 2021 accident years. The remainder of the favorable development came from recoveries on second lien loans and better-than-expected claim development in our Australian operations and our CRT portfolio. Income from operating affiliates stood at $8.5 million and was generated from consistent results of offset in part by underwriting losses at Somers Hurricane Ian. Net investment income was $0.34 per share, up 21% from the second quarter of 2022 and 55% from the third quarter of 2021 on a per share basis. The strong positive cash flow from operations over $2.8 billion year-to-date, combined with the proceeds from maturities and sales of securities, deployed in a rapidly rising yield environment underpinned this improving results. Going forward, with new money rates above 5% and a growing base of invested assets, we should have a good opportunity to further enhance our operating income through solid investment income results. Total investment return for the investment portfolio was negative 3.01% on a U.S. dollar basis for the quarter in a challenging environment of rising interest rates and weak equity markets. We remain cautious relative to our duration, credit and equity risk with our investment portfolio, and this defensive strategy helped minimize the mark-to-market hit to book value. Our investment duration remains relatively unchanged compared to one year ago and is slightly underway relative to our liability duration. Turning to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis stood at $851 million as of October 1 or 7.7% of tangible shareholders' equity, again, well below our internal limits at the single event 1-in-250-year return level. Our peak zone PML is currently the Florida Tri-County region. On the capital front, we repurchased a minimal amount of share this quarter, approximately 236,000 common shares at an aggregate cost of $10.1 million. As our prospects of seeing meaningful opportunities in the business remain very good for the remainder of the year and into 2022.  With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamminder Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jamminder Bhullar : Hey. Good morning. So first, I just had a question on -- obviously, on pricing in the reinsurance market. Obviously, cat pricing hardening a lot with after Ian, how do you think it will affect pricing in non-cat lines? And where do you see the best opportunities for growth for Arch?
Marc Grandisson : So thanks for the question. I think it's still early. I think the Ian is one part of the equation. This is what I think we should probably see an impact on other lines of business because aside from Ian, we also have the markdowns and inflation concerns and whatever else is out there. So it would be reasonable to expect dripping effect through the other lines of business. I also want to remind everyone that the market has gone through a hardening outside of cat for the last three to four years. So I'm not sure we would see a similar or furthering or hardening the same level that we saw. But we're at a really, really good level right now. So anything that is incremental above that is hugely accretive to us on an industry certainly in Arch.
Jamminder Bhullar : And then how do you think about capital? Because a lot of companies, total equity has come down a lot because it marks on AOCI. And I noticed you bought back very little stock this quarter. Not sure if that has anything to do with capital or just preserving capital ahead of cat season. But how do you think about capital overall for the industry as well as for you guys and specifically, how that's affected by declining total book values?
Marc Grandisson : Yeah, I'll start with the overall industry, and I'll turn to Francois for specifics for Arch. I think that the capital going out in the industry is a big deal. We are an industry that rights against the surplus. And unlike 2008, when the markdown has recovered pretty quickly. We don't seem to be right now at this point in time, at least in a position where it will recover soon. So there's pressure on the capital in terms of how you write the business and how much you're allowed to write or the rating agencies or the regulatory agencies. So I think we'll refresh that pressure is not going to be short term. We think it's going to last for a while. And as an underwriter, capital is one of the main ingredients you have to create underwriting decisions and provide service to your clients.  So it's a big deal. And we're talking some companies using 20% to 30%, 35% except these are big changes. And I would add, as you know, Jammie, that in initiatives, we have an environment where there are a lot of uncertainties, inflation, recession and whatever else is out there. So -- and I think we're all collectively bracing for interesting several quarters ahead of us. Francois?
Francois Morin : Yeah. The one thing, Jimmy, I'll add to specific to our Trey, and that's really part of our history. We've always operated with the principle that we wanted to have a strong and conservative balance sheet, right? And why have we done that? Why are we thinking that route? It was always with a mindset that we wanted to have optionality. We wanted to be able to take advantage of improving market conditions when and if they come around, right? . And what I mean consistent and strong and conservative balance sheet, it's, a, the investment portfolio, you saw that in our markdowns, we got some like everybody else, but I think we're probably more on the low side. And also in terms of leverage, we don't have a very levered balance sheet. Even today at 9/30, we're below 25% the right at 25% on a just-to-capital basis. So those are the reasons why we feel like that's -- again, that's been our strategy. And this may be a moment in our history that tells us that and we'll be able to enjoy the benefits or reap the rewards of maintaining such a strategy. So I think we're in a really, really good position. We're positive. We're optimistic about the market going forward. We're still not there yet, and we'll see what happens at one to one, but at least from the balance sheet point of view, we're in a really good position.
Jamminder Bhullar : And any color on the sort of minimal buybacks this quarter?
Francois Morin : Well, again, it's twofold. I'd say, a, we typically don't do a whole lot in the third quarter ahead of the hurricane season. So that's very consistent with our history. There's always -- the stock price matters, always, as you know, in the short and stock buybacks. So going into the quarter, we just wanted to see how things played out. And also with the expectation that we would -- the hard market, even before Ian, we still thought that the hard market would be -- go well into 2023. And that was one of the reasons why we felt maintaining the capital base that give us the ability to write on that business in '23 was critical to us.
Jamminder Bhullar : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan : Yeah, thanks. Given your expectations for pretty strong price increases at January 1. Obviously, we have some time right until Florida and other business renews later next year. But where would you think -- based on the growth you think you could see in reinsurance? What do you think your PML will shake out next year?
Marc Grandisson : At a really good question, Elyse. And I think it's obviously dependent on the risk-adjusted return that we would see in there. Like I just want to remind everyone that we're underweight at 7.7%. So we have room to grow if we see the opportunity. We did grow a little bit in 2022, seeing opportunities. We would do the same thing if we were to be presented with the same situation.  I think we have the capital, the appetite and the expertise to really participate in the upcoming market hardening. I think at least the -- if it continues to shape up the way it's designing itself, we're going to be part of a solution. We're going to be part of creating new solutions and providing meaningful capacity to our clients. What I like about what we are is we have a diversified platform. As you know, it is a lot of flexibility and as Francois Morin mentioned, we're in a very good position. What I could say is, if you tell me what the returns were, I would tell you how much we would be willing to take. But you would expect to hear from Arch that the way we think about building up the risk in the tower is incrementally as we would go up on the PML, we would the expected return to increasingly improve over that period. So it will be really, really highly depend on how much the rates go. And you might -- I think it's too early to tell. What it's going to be, right now, what we think it could change, but it should be significant.
Elyse Greenspan : So based on what you think could transpire and you think about putting your capital to use next year, insurance, reinsurance, mortgage, I mean it sounds like more will be on the P&C side. And then do you see more going to reinsurance versus insurance, because it sounds like you guys are still seeing some good opportunities on the insurance side as well.
Marc Grandisson : Yes. Well, I'll tell you, Elyse, if you look at this is the beauty of our platform, right? When you had a reinsurance company and an insurance company, was to participate in the upswing of the market that is reinsurance is a really, really quick and proactive way to do. So we think in the early stages of this hard market gets there, that we would be deploying more capital more quickly into our reinsurance unit because it's also what I think most of the need is going to do, right, on the insurance portfolio, at least as you know, fiscal year to turn over our portfolio, whereas a reinsurance portfolio could be done much quicker. So I think it's going to be in steps like it always has been. It's the same in 2002 when we were formed. We were really, really reactive and very quick to market on the reinsurance side as we saw our insurance business building up and getting traction and take via a hard market. So I think over time, we then where does it land in 2024 and beyond if we have this opportunity, again, as I mentioned, then it will be relative returns. It will depends who gets a better risk-adjusted return. They will have to go in front of Francois and I and argue their case. These are our prospective units. And this is what we're going to go through. We go through this on a quarterly basis to make sure we're keeping all the returns in the same -- the most optimal as possible.
Elyse Greenspan : And then 1 number is one. Francois, you pointed 230 basis points in the reinsurance segment, I think from elevated property claims. So if we're thinking about that kind of the run rate, I'm assuming we should ex out that $230 million and then assume as the business shifts more towards property and property cat that there would be underlying loss ratio improvement driven off of mix and rate in that business?
Francois Morin : Yeah. I think that's the third way to think about it. I mean, we've said before, I think looking at loss ratios on a quarterly basis is not something. It's not how we think about it. We like to take more rolling 12 months or even maybe longer periods to have a view of the long-term performance of the book. Again, I was just making a point that just to let everybody know that we're not worried about this little blip in our quarter, very much part of the normal volatility of our business. But going forward, if the market ends up being very constructive, let's say, on the short-term lines. Specifically, yes, the loss ratio presumably could come down a little bit.
Elyse Greenspan : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski : Good morning. I guess just sticking with capital. Is the -- I know we don't -- I don't want to spend too much time about this S&P capital model. But I remember checking my notes from the spring when they were all using them as a punching bag or at least I was. And they were supposed to release a new version soon before year end, I thought. And there was always the issue of kind of the Bermuda senior debt, maybe not getting credits. I don't know. Any thoughts? Is that something you guys are thinking about? Or does that issue kind of not a tail risk we should -- or anything we should be thinking about?
Francois Morin : Yes. I mean I think we -- many of us thought we haven't answered all those questions by now. The model proposals that they perform were substantial and broad. So I think it impacted most -- I mean most types of companies, Europeans, North Americans, life B&T, et cetera. They did get a lot of feedback. So the current thinking and what they just let the world know recently that there -- call it, their second version of their proposal will be out in the first quarter.  So there's a little bit of uncertainty there as to what changes they may make to what they suggested initially. We've had discussions with them. Many others have as well, specifically in the Bermuda debt issue. We'd like to think that's going to get resolved reasonably well. We don't have finality on that. But we're somewhat positive that we'll get a good resolution there. So from that point of view, I'd say our capital base is strong, and we don't see a need to make any changes to it at this point.
Marc Grandisson : If I may add, Mike, one of our key things on capital and we allocate capital on an economic basis, S&P is definitely an important piece of the puzzle, but it's not the only thing that drives us. So we're carefully paying attention to it. And we'll see what happens.
Michael Zaremski : Okay. Understood. Appreciate it. Maybe switching to your primary insurance operations, which I know are diversified among a number of businesses. But I guess a lot of good commentary in the prepared remarks. Could you give us an update on kind of where pricing has been trending? And maybe just a broad question on the primary insurance marketplace and maybe it's just -- maybe it's tough to put a paint with a broad brush. But if we thought about the angry insurance life cycle clock. Just kind of curious where you -- what time you think it is?
Marc Grandisson : It's a great question. I look at the clock many times a year and looked at it last week, we're about 12 noon, 11:30, 12 known on the P&C side, I would say. And probably 8:00-ish on the property cat space. But the clock can be turned back. So I'm not sure that 11:30 is going to stick. So that will be my comment and sort of alludes to the first question -- the first question I answered.  I think that overall, most lines are getting rate over trend. We're still seeing plant. The fact that this is a broad statement, right, you're rightfully point that were specialty product company were many different products and every one, every one of these products has different characteristics, different exposure base, different attachment points, different geographies. Broadly speaking, most lines are clearing rate over trend. I think some others have said that in other calls this week. But I think that as an every hard market, this is what we're sort of observing in a few areas. We've -- there's been a lot of -- they have been for the last 3 years, almost over correction in some certain pockets. And I think that appropriately and rationally, people are looking at the history and the experience and they're seeing the difference is much improved. One example is [indiscernible]. I think it's a line of two here and there that have smaller rate increase or smaller rate decreases. The thing is it gets recorded broadly, gets a lot of headlines in the papers, but it's just not really a true reflection of the wider market. I think that by virtue, if you look at the way we operate on the insurance and reinsurance on the P&C and mortgage for that matter, we're really focused on risk-adjusted returns. And if we -- if you see us grow, it's because the risk-adjusted return is and the profit is there. So I think overall, the market is still very, very -- is presenting us with a lot of opportunity, both on insurance, P&C and reinsurance.
Michael Zaremski : And maybe -- I think you brought up the excess in surplus lines marketplace. Any maybe you can remind us how large of a business that is for you all? And is that -- is that -- are the dynamics different in that marketplace versus kind of the picture you painted in terms of the primary insurance marketplace clock?
Marc Grandisson : No, I think that -- no, actually not. It's actually an area that is still very, very active and very interesting for us. A lot of our growth actually comes from those E&S property and business. But to be selective, not all one line and all one monolithic subline as you can appreciate,. But certainly, we're participating in the ones where we like the risk return. Our E&S premium right now in the U.S. because it's hard to decipher what's in London. But in the U. S., it's about 28% of our premium that we write at E&S is almost double from what it was three or four years ago. So we have really leaned heavily into that marketplace and continue to do so. I think that what's happening with Ian and the acute need for capacity, specific kind of property should mean more E& S property opportunity and potentially some E&S casualty opportunities as well. I want to remind everyone this is a beautiful business to have as a specialty insurance company because you have a little bit more freedom of form, freedom of great -- and I think this is where really our underwriting acumen and underwriting expertise could showcase itself.
Michael Zaremski : Thank you. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Good morning. My first question is with regards to the changing reinsurance market. do you see that leading to changing retention rates in both insurance and reinsurance? And if so, what impact do you see that having not only on the top line but also on potentially lowering the attritional loss ratio and increasing the acquisition costs?
Marc Grandisson : That's a broad question, Yaron. It's a great question. And I think we're all incurring intently observing. I think -- maybe the best way to -- if I could allow me for 1 second to sort of draw a parallel with Katrina and the way it evolved back in. It's not exactly the , but let's go there for 12th and we'll back and come again turning back the insurance level.  The insurance company took a long time, took 1.5 years to really repurpose and re-underwrite and reform, reshape their insurance portfolio to make sure that it was better. So risk -- not risk off, but readjusting the risk that issuance companies are taking is something that I believe they will be doing for the next 12 to 18 months. But as I said before, it takes a long time to do so. In the meantime, you still have the exposure.  So typically, what happens is the reinsurance companies come in, say, well, we're going to need more returns for the capital capacity that we're providing to you the portfolio hasn't changed last two months is going to take a little while. We want to see what impact, what you're going to do in the portfolio. That was '05, right? So -- and then what happened, as you get into the New Year, as a buyer, of where our interest group is no exception, you still need to buy reinsurance and cat reinsurance. It's still a volatility that it's appropriate and prudent to purchase.  So the purchasing still occurs. There might be some push and pull on the retention. Presumably, your retention would have to go up somewhat, maybe constraints and have a constraint on what limit is available. So I think if you put it all back together, there'll be shifting and changes in the reinsurance side, more likely at 1/1, as I mentioned. And as we go towards the Florida renewal of the year, the insurance portfolio will sort of be reacting to what the reinsurance market is telling them, that it's more costly from a cat perspective. So might take a long time to develop. I mean, it's not like a one renewal and done. 
Yaron Kinar: Right, but do you think, I guess if we focus on the entrance segment for a second, so ultimately, I would think with maybe lower or higher retentions maybe you actually see some improvement in the attritional loss ratio, but at the same time, some headed to the acquisition ratio.
Marc Grandisson : Sorry, that's your question apologize. So there the answer is the second viewpoint. As you see the reinsure side gets more expensive, it's a change so perhaps you can buy reinsurance. The insurance team now know that they need to charge more to make up for what they lost or to get the protection because the reinsurance market is also telling them something very, very, very informative as to what is the price of cat chart and you need to chart for cat with.  So you are right. So overall, we'll have pricing increase on the primary insurance portfolios, which to your point will lead to -- should lead to a lower attrition or loss ratio, because it's the same kind of losses from an attritional perspective with our agreement. So yes, that is a fair assessment for verifications.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then a follow-up statement you made earlier on the marks, I had always thought of rating agencies as largely looking through interest rate related marks, maybe with some exception with S&P. And I also thought that stat accounting doesn't really account for interest part. So why would that led or become an industry capital issue?
Marc Grandisson : Well, I think it's -- there's the official pronouncement or what -- the official view of how people look at certain things. But let's be honest here. I don't think anybody totally puts it to the side and doesn't consider it at all. There's companies that have lost, 20% plus of their capital base so far this year. If rates go up another 100, or 200 basis points over the next 12 plus months, at some point, there's -- you can't write a diversified book of P&C business at three or four or five to one.  I mean, that's just -- people are going to push back and you got to have a plan to either remediate or have a view on when those markets are going to revert back. So rating agencies are, I think, in that camp. I think they'll give us and others some latitude, but it's not infinite. It's not like they don't consider it at all. So that's really our point here is that, it like it or not, some capital has evaporated, not permanently, but for the time being. It's something we need to work through.
Yaron Kinar: Got it? Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is open. 
Tracy Benguigui : Thank you. I have follow-up questions on your ability to grow prop cat risk and capitalization. So I feel like your 25% target of 1 and 250 PML at tangible equity is an easy way to communicate your appetite to the Street. But I realized a large consideration is allocating capital on a risk-adjusted basis. So can you remind us, how do you view diversification credit or covariance between MI and catastrophes? Or said another way, does your risk adjusted capital consumption from MI restrict your ability to take on prop cat risks even if there is diversification credit?
Marc Grandisson : Also Tracy. Very good question. But we won't divulge what I already know what economic model is. But if you look at an economic model, there is a large amount of lack of correlation between MI and P&C doesn't mean that they can go back and there's not really some non-correlation between the two. There's also a lot of correlation benefits that we derive from the multitude of stuff going on around the world. So we have a very, very diversified portfolio.  I think the way that we look about this is, you know, the way you look at the curve, your economic curve, you know, again, we have to be careful, it's a mathematical exercise. We're not beholden to only mathematics. But if you look at the way you flex the P&L, if you put the pressure on an increase in currency and see what could happen if, do what if scenarios, and -- but you always have the eye on the maximum downside that you're going to take, combining both of these, or two or three of these really like 45 curves that we have.  That's -- I'm going to leave it at that for now. I think that this is an exercise that we do all the time. We're going through it right now, and it's ever changing because pricing is moving. And it's one thing that is, I want to remind everyone is that we all only look at the loss itself. If you look at what premium you charge for the risk, and what really is working, the combined ratio and the profit level is very, very important. And every time you have a line of business that provides more profits, when margins improve or increase, it helps the overall balance sheet, the overall portfolio that you have on the reinsurance.  Having said all this, with having a proper hard stop on the downside potential, we don't want to get a suspension of the balance sheet because we still want to be able to take advantage of the next market, if and when it does present itself.  On the mortgage side, I will remind everyone that we buy a fair amount of quota shares that sort of protects a lot of downside. It's also part of our considerations. We buy quota share, we also buy excess of lots. So we have some protection. That's also a good example of how we manage the risk even if we like, we still very much like the MI risk, but we also are very prudent. And making sure some of the downside is somewhat protected, again, for the same reasons that as I mentioned earlier on the call. Thank you.
Tracy Benguigui : Yes, thank you for reviewing the process. I was just trying to get at, do you think that gives you an advantage to grow property CAT risk given the diversification credits?
Marc Grandisson : Absolutely. There's no doubt in my mind. But it's not -- again, it's not the worst application this diversity. We always are conscious, as I mentioned to make sure the process is improving. And I guess on the property cat the one thing that should be clear, I mean we it's reviewed. So now the charges, that's what we talked about, having an higher need -- higher charge need to take a commensurate or similar risk that we would take let's say in [indiscernible]. We need to be cognizant of those things. And I think yes, it is. It is really a fact that, in addition, our earnings power to your point, I mean, that's what you are sort of alluding to the fact that we have earnings coming from MI, definitely help us as we redeploy capital into the other opportunities that we see ahead of us.
Tracy Benguigui : Okay, and also want to go back to the conversation on negative mark and capital in a way, why does it matter? I know, S&P would penalize you for that. But don't you have access of up to $1.3 billion line of credit, so you shouldn't actually crystallize any unrealized losses by being a forced seller? Is that fair? I'm just wondering if investors should pay more attention to liquidity.
Marc Grandisson : Well, I mean, it's a fair point. We again, we're not constrained. I think that's the most important thing. Leverage ratio is down, but we also have access to other forms of capital or line of credit is one that you mentioned. There are others. So if the opportunity is there for an additional growth in our P&C lines, and maybe mortgage, whatever we'll see them as we move forward, I think, my view is that it's hard to write on, on call it, you know, capital, that's just not on the balance sheet. Right. So it's got to be in the balance sheet somehow. And our view is, yes, we see recovery in the unwinding of that mark to market hit so far.  But the capital base, has to show that it's real and solid to get credit, and write on it. 
Francois Morin: And Tracy, the argument, that you're pushing us, I mean, you could take it to the extreme, right, because the way they handled was up by 80%. But at some point, it starts to matter. It's not as important as 5% or 10%. It's more important at 30% and becomes progressively more important, because in the end we have to pay our policyholders. And then once we're out of reserves did a cat loss, we need to take care of our capital. And it does matter in the big world. So I think it's --I'm not saying it shouldn't matter 100% now, because at some mark and it's still capital available. But it has to make a difference somehow over time, because the argument would fall, right, at what point do you think it starts to matter, 50, 60, 80? I think it's matters just a different degree through the capital stack.
Tracy Benguigui : Okay, just one last one really quickly, given the higher reinvestment rates. How long will it take Arches market to creep back to book value?
Marc Grandisson : Well, I mean, there's -- we've done some rough math. I mean, you can kind of look at it like portfolio, turning over in the following two years on average. So let's call it eight quarters. And you can do get a rough now by that. But the reality is, we're going to also I think we're going to get -- we do have plenty of free cash flow coming through. And that's going to be reinvested at pretty significant levels. So we think that overall, the book value should start growing pretty quickly beyond just the recovery of the markets.
Tracy Benguigui : Thank you. 
Marc Grandisson : You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yes, thank you. I wonder if you can give a little outlook on the mortgage insurance sector? Are we at the bottom of the issuance cycle here for opportunities? Does this last for a little while? Are there even fewer mortgages that are going to be purchasing insurance over the next year? Where do we stand right now?
Marc Grandisson : Sorry, Josh. In what sense -- on the primary side of MI or are you…?
Josh Shanker: Yes, primary, MI. I'm clearly like new home sales are down. And so obviously, we're going to expect less flow. Is it going to continue to decline from here? Or is this kind of what a -- I guess a holiday from mortgage issuance looks like for the MI business?
Francois Morin: Well, we've said it before. I think, and it still holds. I mean, the in-force book is where we're going to generate most of our underwriting income for the foreseeable future, right for the next two to three years. Doesn't matter really materially whether production is stable, declining increases, increasing the in-force books, is going to drive the underwriting income for the next three years or so. And we are very comfortable with the level the performance of that book right now, because as we know, and as we've said before, depreciation is a big part of that, refinancing refinance activities coming down. And so persistency is up, etc. So there's a lot of things pointing us in the direction of saying yes. That in-force book is doing well and will keep doing well, we think.  Over time, no question that if new production kind of keeps declining to levels, very low levels for an extended period, then a maybe starts to show on the numbers, but we don't think that's anytime soon.
Marc Grandisson : And on the INW, which Francois just mentioned about new production, if you look at the NBA numbers, the purchase market, which is by far the most important one, for the MI business, is a lot more stable, there's not as much of a decrease. So we're still fairly positive, that we're still going to get some nice production from our team over the next several quarters. And again, I remind everyone that as you know mortgages is up north of 7%. So it does make it a bit hard to get into a home. But fact is, there's still pent up demand for housing if the purchase market should stay pretty active for the next several quarters, which bodes well for our INW, just forward-looking.
Josh Shanker: And if premium yield declines on insurance in force. I mean, is there a bottom that we should be expecting? Or does it continue to tick down in the coming years?
Francois Morin: Yeah, I think I just mentioned it in my comments, the industry always like everyone else here on the call talking about what's happening around the world, some uncertainties, discussions, whatever else. The potential thing that could happen and the industry is raising rates is right, is raising premium rate as we speak on the mortgage, the mortgage sector, which is good news, which speaks I believe, volume for the new environment, that we have in MI, an industry that, is a lot more disciplined and deliberate in what it's doing. It's something we would have expected, but it's good to see it happen in life, in real life case like that we are seeing right now. 
Josh Shanker: Pending what happens at 1/1 is mortgage insurance still the highest ROIC of your opportunity?
Francois Morin: Right now we have a lot of discussions about this. Right now. We believe that our P&C operations are slightly gaining and getting ahead of it, don't tell our MI group that. But it seems that the ENC units are squarely taking the lead.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much.
Francois Morin: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Phillips : Thanks, good morning, everybody. Just looking -- the questions on the no discount in the current times we're in with property, cat and massive hurricane on the heels of what's going on with interest rate environment and everything else and mark to markets. But and even lots of movements around property cat pricing, obviously. But to what extent do you think we're in a period, very early innings of more respect for property cat, and this will continue actually, over the long term, which clearly has not happened in a very long time?
Marc Grandisson : Well, the answer is we don't know, right? I mean, this is protecting the future. I mean, there's a lot of modeling out there that is trying to address it. We certainly are on the cutting edge ourselves with neurologists and everyone else we have on staff to make sure we're on top of it. But again, it's like everything else it's a prediction. And we try to put as much cushion or a little bit of extra level of conservativeness, to make sure that you're on the right side of the equation. And if things keep on going, and you're getting worse, getting better than you adjust and you're fighting the last data point into your next year's expectation.  I think that if you take a step back, I talked about it on my comment, what is also -- what's also going on is that we sort of disregarded the true expected cat -- expected cat losses, if you were to just allocate without putting a lot of weight or a lot of increase into some of the factors that that go with cat pricing, we as an industry should have priced more, for which we are charged more for the cat risk and we didn't. And I'm always reminded of the law of large numbers which says, over the long run, you get what you deserve, in results.  So it's not far from my mind to think that perhaps, just perhaps not a necessarily a change, a climate change but that could be the case but it could also be just by virtue of not charging enough over time that you sort of get -- you reap the reward of that mispricing.
Michael Phillips : Yeah, that's kind of what I was alluding to. But okay, perfect. Thank you. That's all I had. 
Marc Grandisson : Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thanks. Yeah, I thought I'd take this opportunity to follow-up on something you mentioned in the script, cyber. So maybe two questions there. First, on the attritional side, my understanding is that it's really about active management. So not just the annual questionnaire at the time of renewal, but really identifying and managing wheel time vulnerabilities. As a traditional insurer, what capabilities do you have on that front from a tech angle? Are you partnering with third party vendors to achieve this?
Marc Grandisson : Yeah, so the answer the great question, yeah, I think number one is we're partnering up with guys who are cutting edge really, on top of the latest technology, and latest forensic work for our clients. And that's a really good place to be. We also have a team. But funny enough, a lot of our teams were on the tech side for cyber risk are not part of the underwriting team. So we have a lot of people within the underwriting units who are actually more IT people than cyber specialists, and they themselves also contract with other third party vendors as well to make sure that we're on top of it.  In addition to other third party vendor that we have ourselves within the company, so we also want to look out and understand it more and more. It's a big investment. 
Yaron Kinar: Got it? And then the other question I had on cyber. Actually one of your competitors was talking about this today as well, the need to get more comfortable with the tail, before really pursuing more significant growth in this line. So how are you thinking about the tail? And how are you --are there actions you're taking in order to manage it and allow yourself to pick up the comfort to grow?
Marc Grandisson : That's a very good question. This is harder to manage at a technical level as you can appreciate, right? Because it's really the cloud and other systems. I think what we do right now is listen, instead of in lieu of adding this technical structure infrastructure, which we think at some point, should come [indiscernible], is that's the shortfall I'm realistic about what a worst case downside scenario can be. And we have various scenarios that we run every quarter to make sure that we're on top of it. And again, there's the downside to everything we do in life. But again, we're weighing it with the returns that we're seeing. And we think the risk reward is fairly in our favor. We like the odds of that business. 
Francois Morin: And one thing I'll add to that Yaron is to us, we think of it as an earnings event, not a capital event. So we -- some of these kind of, we think pretty severe, widespread events would not hurt our capital base.
Yaron Kinar: That's probably also because the book is still relatively small and the overall portfolio if it does grow tech could become a capital unless you have proper exclusions or risk protection, and so on. 
Marc Grandisson : Yeah, we'll also have reinsurance that we buy and other things that we can do there as well. So yes.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Best of luck.
Marc Grandisson : Yes, thank you.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. I'd like turn the call back over to Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson : Thank you very much for your listening to our call. Looking forward to talk to you again in the New Year with perhaps more exciting news. We'll see what the market gives us. Thank you very much.
Operator: In today's conference, this concludes the program. You may now all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2022 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found on the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks Elizabeth. Good morning, and welcome to our earnings call. Arch delivered strong results this quarter headlined by an operating return on equity of 17%. Our results were driven by excellent underwriting performance across all three operating segments as we continued our focus on growth opportunities during this hard market, as demonstrated by the 27% increase in P&C net premium written over the same quarter one year ago. These results demonstrate how our company is positioned to capitalize on market opportunities across the many lines that we underwrite. We've said it before, but it bears repeating. We are committed to agile cycle management predicated by a focus on risk adjusted returns. And it has enabled us to accelerate our growth through the deployment of meaningful capacity to our clients. Because we invested in capabilities and reserved capital during the soft market years, we are in the enviable position of being able to maximize to these opportunity. Increasingly Arch is seen as a provider of choice by our distribution partners and clients, which allows us to take on leadership positions, some in the industry retrench. P&C rate hardening continues in many lines. It's important to keep in mind that for the vast majority of the P&C lines, we've been able to achieve compounded rate increases meaningfully above last cost trends for the last two or three annual renewals and as such healthy margins of safety have been created. We believe this attractive level of expected returns should remain in place for the next few years. I will now offer a few highlights on our business units. In the quarter, our insurance and reinsurance segments both had excellent operating results, largely because of how we leaned hard into the improving market early on. We also have invested in improving our data analytics while broadening our market presence. In our North American insurance operations, premium growth was broad based with net premium written up 29% from the same period in 2021. Some of the most significant growth came from our E&S lines, both property and casualty, professional lines, including cyber and a resurgent travel and accident sector. All our lines of business where we believe risk adjusted returns are most attractive. Our specialty international insurance business, which includes our Lloyds and UK regional businesses, also delivered strong growth in the quarter with net premium written up 23% from the same period last year driven primarily by specialty, casualty and property. Our investment in building the UK regional small business is gaining traction as well. When looking at the improved results of our insurance business, it's apparent that the work of our teams over the past several years is paying off. We have developed a platform that responds swiftly to opportunities presented by the hard markets while at the same time building more sustainable positions in lines that are less cyclical. We have the capital, the people and the desire to lead in today's environment, as long as attractive opportunities are available, Arch will be there to write them. Our reinsurance segment continued to deliver excellent top line growth and bottom line earnings this quarter because of the diversified and specialty focus of our reinsurance business. The strong growth reflects our increased writings of quarter share treaties which allow us to participate in the rate increases experienced by our [indiscernible]. The 61 and 71 renewals showed a property [cap] market in transition and while I hesitate to make predictions, we are cautiously optimistic that this momentum will continue in January 1, 2023. The general psychology of the market appears to have shifted to requiring substantial rate increases to accept cat exposure. As an example, in Florida, where capacity remains constrained, property cap rates were up in excess of 30% and our P&L in a one and a 250 year events increased as we selectively expanded our writings. Rate pressure was evident also beyond Florida. However, we will need a few more quarters to confirm we are facing a hard property cap marketplace. Turning to our mortgage segment. The group continues to deliver the consistent underwriting results we projected when we began building our EMI business a decade ago. Our embedded book of high credit quality risks as well as continued on price increases have been key elements to our exceptional return this quarter. All the rising mortgage interest rates have slowed the volume of new originations, the purchase market remains strong, as housing demand continues to outstrip new supply. Rising rates also mean that persistency is increasing which allowed Arch to grow its U.S. primary mortgage insurance in force to $292 billion and all time high. The forbearance programs continue to roll off and cures have brought our delinquency rate down to 1.77%, which is consistent with what we experienced before COVID. Last and perhaps most important, the credit quality of homebuyers remains excellent. And we believe our portfolio is well-positioned for a variety of economic scenarios. We will continue to be deliberate in managing our mortgage portfolio, benefiting from a diversified business model that gives us the flexibility to focus on credit quality and profitability, not on volume. Briefly on investments, where rising interest rates and market volatility are setting the stage for additional investment income contributions over the next several quarters. We're seeing the benefits of not chasing yield during the past several years as well as the work done to reposition our portfolio in response to the changing interest rate environment. Earlier this year our investment team reduced our equity exposure in our fixed income portfolios shorter duration has allowed us to quickly move our investments into higher rate securities that provides further cushion against potential inflation impacts. This year surge of inflation has been a call to arms to underwriting teams across the industry. And by and large the industry has proactively incorporated higher trends into its models. We believe that the uncertainty surrounding future inflation should keep upward pressure on rates. At Arch, we manage inflation by business segments as we said before. We believe inflation is a net benefit to our MIS portfolios performance while our P&C exposure to inflation is mitigated by many tools available to us. Overall, we're very pleased with our underwriting results and returns in a quarter. And we are optimistic about the rest of '22 and into '23. As always, our objective remains to generate profitable growth and deliver long term value for our shareholders and this quarter's results are another example of our ability to do just that. I want to thank the Arch team for everything they've done this past quarter and over the last several years. Our people have made Arch into an employer and insurer of choice and have us well-positioned to sustain our growth trajectory into '23 and beyond. Francois? 
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc. And good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. As you will have seen by now we had a very strong quarter and with very few unusual items to discuss or highlight to you. I have kept my prepared remarks relatively brief to allow for more time for the Q&A session. So here we go. For the quarter we reported after tax operating income of $1.34 per share, resulting in an annualized operating return on average common equity of 17.1%, two excellent results. In the insurance segment net written premium growth of 27.5% over the same quarter one year ago, combined with excellent underwriting performance resulted in an excellent year combined ratio exploiting cats of 90% a 140 basis point improvement over the same quarter one year ago. Like last quarter, a change in our business mix resulted in a slightly different split between the loss and expense ratios, compared to the same quarter one year ago. In the reinsurance segment, net written premium grew by 25.7% over the same quarter one year ago. The segment produced ex-cat accident year combined ratio of 82.8%, 430 basis points lower than the same quarter one year ago. Here also a reduction in the accident year ex-cat loss ratio was partially offset by a slight increase in the expense ratio due to growth in areas with slightly higher acquisition expenses, and targeted personnel expansion to support our growth. Losses from 2022 catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums stood at $82.4 million, or 3.5 combined ratio points compared to 2.4 combined ratio points in the second quarter of 2021. The losses were split approximately 80% to reinsurance and 20% to our insurance segment. It's worth noting that approximately two thirds of the estimated losses came from events outside the U.S. including Australian floods, South African floods, a directional storm in Canada, and other miscellaneous natural catastrophe events. Our mortgage segment had an excellent quarter with a combined ratio excluding prior development of 39.2%. Net premiums earned increased on sequential basis due to increased persistency of our enforce insurance, which now stands at 71.3% at the end of the quarter, and growth in our CRT portfolio. Production levels also increased from last quarter consistent with the seasonality of the business. We recognized $118.1 million of favorable prior year development across a segment this quarter. A meaningful benefit to our bottom line, as delinquencies cured at a higher rate than expected. Close to 80% of the favorable claim development came from our first lien insured portfolio at USMI mostly related to the 2020 accident year. The remainder of the favorable development came from recoveries on second lien loans, and better than expected claim development in our CRT portfolio in our international MI operations. In all our segments, we maintain a prudent approach and setting loss reserves considering the uncertainty we face in a variety of factors, such as macroeconomic conditions, inflation, both monetary and social, and lags and settling longer tail liabilities as COVID related delays get worked through the legal systems. Income from operating affiliates stood at $4.6 million. It was generated from good results at Coface mostly offset by the negative mark to market impacts on the summer's portfolio for those securities that are accounted under the fair value option method. Gross investment income before investment expenses increased 20% from the first quarter of 2022 to $123.6 million driven by the reinvestment that higher yields of proceeds from the maturities and sales of investments and securities and the presence of floating rates investment floating rate investments in our portfolio. Total investment return for our investment portfolio was a negative 3.02% on a U.S. dollar basis for the quarter hurt by mark-to-market losses due to rising interest rates and weak equity markets. As you know, it is worth remembering that while mark-to-market impacts are fully reflected in our financials, a significant portion of this decrease hasn't been crystallized through the selling of securities and has the potential to reverse itself over time, in particular for our fixed maturity investments as they mature. As we discussed on the first quarter call that defensive investment strategy we have employed for a number of quarters with high quality investments and a short portfolio duration has helped minimize the impact of rising interest rates and the mark to market hit to book value. Our investment duration remains slightly below three years at the end of the quarter and slightly underweight and relative to our liability duration target. The performance of our alternative investments remained very solid this quarter, as we benefited from the returns generated by a number of funds that outperformed broad market indices. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cap P&L on a net basis stood at $888 million as of July one, or 7.7% of tangible shareholders equity. Again, well below our internal limits at the single event one and 250 year return level. Our peak zone P&L is currently the Florida Tri county region. On the capital front, we repurchased approximately 7.1 million common shares at an aggregate cost of 320.7 million in the second quarter. Our remaining share authorization currently stands at $600.6 million.  With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, my first question is on the rate versus trend discussion which we've had a lot so far this earnings season. Marc, you started off your conversation by saying you continue to see hardening and many lines. Where would you place when you think about your insurance business where you place price and loss trend? And how do you think that could go from here as we think about higher inflation levels? 
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I think the pricing, nice hearing from you Elyse, I think the pricing in the market is definitely clearing the last round. You've heard us on some of the calls that we would concur with that conclusion.
Elyse Greenspan: And you think as you're thinking out the next year, do you think that remain as especially right to your comments when we've heard about weight on top of weight on top of rate. Or do you see dynamics? They will keep talking about that for the next year or so?
Marc Grandisson: I see what you mean. So I think I would answer by saying the perceived risk in the marketplace has actually increased. So there's all this on the property categories. I mentioned briefly, my comments. And also on the liability side as well. I think that the uncertainty about the social inflation, and what it could mean and also geopolitical risks, just a lot of stuff going on in the world, I would expect this to continue well into 2023. But I've been wrong before. So I have to be careful the way I tell you this. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then on the investment side, where are you putting new fixed income money to work in terms of rates and then how much of the portfolio is turning over the next 12 months?
Francois Morin: Good question. I think we don't plan specifically how much of it we're going to turn over. But we've been less than that. Our investment team has been pretty active trying to make sure that a first of all, we did take a lot of investments. So offer risk in the first half of the year. And then it'll all be about how much of what kind of opportunities we see as with the environment we're in, but we certainly with a short duration that we're at three years, you could certainly think that a meaningful amount of it, there's going to turn over the next 12 months.
Elyse Greenspan: And then what's the new rate today?
Marc Grandisson: Well, new rate want to be a little bit careful here. Certainly corporates you've heard it we're calling for approaching 4.5% in some places and the corporates investments on and corporate securities that we made in the month of July. With the Fed announcement yesterday, I mean, the risk for you the treasuries I think everything is going to move up a little bit from there. So that's kind of where what we're seeing today, it's going to evolve as we move forward. And that compares to an embedded book yield of 2.2% or so at the end of the quarter. So it's meaningfully higher than what we're the portfolio has been at.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks for the color.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jimmy Bhullarn: Hi, good morning. So first just had a question on the mortgage insurance business. How are you, what's your view on the operating environment in the business, but just as the threat of a potential recession and then its impact on margins, and then just with the higher interest rates, and how that's going to affect top line growth in the business?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, and I think it's quite answered a bit more specifically, I think that as I mentioned in my comments that we mentioned more than once on the calls, you're going to hear some of the other I believe, competitors is that the credit quality of the borrowers that we see right now is exceptional. By and large, the credit quality has actually improved through the pandemic. So we're very, very pleased with this. And I'm saying this, because the biggest driver of default in distress is a credit quality of the borrower. It's by far and it overwhelms the risk possibility. We also are in position where we have substantial equity buildup in the housing stock. So that's also helpful. So we're very comfortable with the way the portfolio is position. And I think it's, we're not recession proof. But I think we have a lot going for us if there were to be a recession. Now, the top line, as you know, if there's less production, there's some indication that the third quarter might be a bit slower than usual, then that would mean no production that's less than positive for the industry in that quarter. But the impact on your premium will take a little bit longer to be felt because as you know, monthly premiums are written through a longer period of time and most of what we write and earn at this point in time comes from prior underwriting years 2020, 2021 and 2019. So we're not going to see a huge impact immediate impact. It's not like a property casualty portfolio. So, again, it's a somewhat of a tempered impact on top line, we believe. 
Jimmy Bhullarn: Okay. And then on share buybacks, you've spent, I think it was $321 million this quarter, $255 million last quarter. And if I look over the past year and a half, they've averaged almost $300 million a quarter. Do you expect to be at the same pace going forward? Or should we assume a slowdown? 
Marc Grandisson: That's a good question. I think, yes, we've been active. I think we, it's part of our evaluation of all the alternatives in front of us when we buy back stock compared to how we deploy the capital in the business. The one thing that I want to make sure as you're aware, I mean, realizes and we're bullish on the market, right, we think the market that we see today is strong and has some potential for even getting better. Time will tell. We certainly need to put odds on that. But the reality is, if it gets better, and we have the ability to deploy more capital in the business at one-one, will certainly want to do that. So the -- we'll reevaluate that daily and weekly, like we always do, but I could see a scenario where we have to pull back a little bit on the share buybacks really just to have the capital base that we need to fully execute on deploying the capital in the business and the three segments which are, as you see all humming and growing at a very good clip, make sure that we can execute on that opportunity in '23 and beyond.
Jimmy Bhullarn: Okay. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Tracy Benguigui: Good morning. I also had a loss turn question. Marc you've said in the past that your view of last trends, your book is roughly 250 basis points above CPI. And for access layers, it could be even higher. Can you just share your latest take on that? Because I think when you talked about these levels, CPI was below 2%?
Francois Morin: Yes, I think it's on a long term basis, right. These surge and inflation may create distortion in that spread over this but over the long haul. I still maintain this and seen another statistics recently that concurs with that sort of analysis. I think that the CPI we've fitting it right now in the shorter lines of business, shorter pay lines of business and property specifically, as you know, we've had all collectively a lot of labor and cost material that went through hire, very significantly. I think in some lines of business, we're not seeing evidence of yet of trend above the CPI significantly above the CPI. So I think our position has been to maintain, as we said before, Tracy, a longer term view of the loss trend. And when we had indication, perhaps zero to 1% in certain years, we probably have higher from a longer term perspective. So that helps on a cumulative basis when you buy the business not having to do as much catch up. It keeps you a little bit more balanced through to changes in inflation sometimes we see right now.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay, so it's more of a view, not what you're seeing today.
Marc Grandisson: Correct. 
Tracy Benguigui: Okay. Also started a conversation yesterday on the intersection of investment yields and combined ratio targets typically combined ratio targets we share with underwriters is informed by ROE. And I believe you guys, when you come up with these targets, you're actually looking at new money yields on a risk free duration match basis. So not your portfolio yield. Are those the right clicks and takes of your pricing model? I guess, ultimately, could hire new money yield risk free in your case change your indicated rate need?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it's a great question Tracy. And I like the way we've built our compensation scheme for our underwriting team. It's actually self correcting and self adjusting as we go forward. Number one, when the prize the business, this is our underwriting underwriters. They actually look, they used to look in the Wall Street Journal at a three to five year equivalent treasury rate. And that's what they would ascribe to the cash flow in terms of investment income, that he could earn on the premium that we could earn on the premium. So it's really a treasury return. This is what you get credit for their compensation plan. So as interest rates go up their interest yield go up on their on the floor that they create, or help generate for Arch from the insurance perspective, but as a counterpart to that our targets is also in flux and actually moves in lockstep with that treasury equivalent. We have actually set a target that 950 bips above treasury for the target. So while at the same time they're getting more investment income, you can see a higher margin, they're going to have a higher threshold on the target that they're that they're looking at. And we do this continuously. I know our reinsurance folks, because it's portfolio based, it's almost a daily occurrence, they actually look it up every day, on their own insurance, on the insurance basis, we actually look at it through a portfolio on a quarterly basis. Unless there's a big change that we just saw, then they'll be like immediate changes made to the pricing model. So everything is linked together. So interest rates go up. Yes, you get more investment income, but hey, guess what, we need to have a higher return.
Tracy Benguigui: Okay, that was excellent color. If I could just speak and this was really quick. What is your new insurance rate in MI go up this quarter sequentially? 
Marc Grandisson: Can you repeat the question again please?
Tracy Benguigui: Sequentially, yes, sequentially what is your new insurance written for mortgage insurance went up?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Okay. Yes. [indiscernible] it's $23.5 billion versus $20 billion in the first quarter. And largely, as you know, Tracy, it's a very seasonal marketplace. A lot more origination takes place in the second quarter. The school year finishes, people move, the size of summer gets around. That's why there's other people moving and buying houses and refinancing even, not so much these days, but certainly purchasing houses in the second quarter. So historically, the first and fourth quarter are about the same. They're lower than the middle two quarters. So that's sort of a, it's just a by virtue of the market origination. There's nothing in our pricing or appetite has changed in the border.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. 
Marc Grandisson: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. A couple of them here for you. First Marc just curious. Big growth in Florida property cat. How do you get comfortable reinsuring some of the less credit worthy companies down in Florida?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, we have a very good question, Brian. I think probably like other competitors of ours. We have a very, very extensive list of clients and we've done auditing of all of them even if they're not our clients throughout the years. Two aspects that we will look at the claims paying ability how good they are adjusting claims because as you can appreciate, Brian is very important. And secondly, we're looking at the financial situation. So we have rank order them in two or three buckets. And we actually tend to focus our limit in the ones that are healthier, and the ones that we believe have better claims adjustment processes and teams and expertise. So but having said this does mean that we won't do a business with someone who's a bit more fragile from a financial perspective, but you probably heard it already that there are conditions that put in a contract such as prepaying reinstatement premium to make sure that we don't have to run after two credit risk. So there's a lot of things you can bells and whistles. So we treat, different clients different way based on our assessment of claims, paying ability, and then expertise and credit worthiness.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Thanks. And then second question, just curious, professional liability premium insurance still really strong growth. That's the one area we've actually been hearing some concern from some companies may not concern to the right word for it, but are you seeing some competitive pressures in the public market DNO area? Maybe talk a little bit about what's in that professional liability line for you all and are you seeing the same type of trends?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, the excess DNO I think is a little bit more stable, more sideways, some go down, some go up, but it's clearly not as -- as heated as it was three or four years ago. But one thing I want to mention, Brian, that people forget, race and excess DNO are two, three, four times what they were three or four years ago. So it's extremely, still a very, very healthy marketplace. I think we would argue that capacity is stable. There's not much -- no longer any dislocations. I just think that for the right company, for the ride experience, no claims or very good quality, there's a tendency that there's a willingness on the marketplace to give more credit to those companies, which is sort of normal. And given where we are in the market after four years of extreme rate pressure. I think on the second question, with our growth a lot of our growth isn't a cyber products. We actually have put cyber in a professional line. And that's one area which we said before, we're very keen to develop and grow as we're seeing really great opportunities there as well. And much needed. Capacity is much needed in that in that marketplace actually.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Josh Shanker: Thank you. I'm understanding your answer to Tracy correctly, you have a long term view of inflation and the changes in inflation wouldn't cause you to change your the inflationary outlook embedded in your in your reserves. Now, if that's correct, does that mean some years you're going to run a little hot because inflation will be higher than you expect? And in some years lower. And would you need would you or any other insurer need to take a charge in order to shore up higher inflation for an extended period?
Marc Grandisson: No. I think that what I say is when there's lower interest rates, lower inflation rates loss trend, we tend to take a longer term view. And as you know, Josh, we had multiple years of, I would argue depress loss cost trend, which was great for the industry, but we still maintain a healthy skepticism as to how we can last and over the long haul. So that makes us maintain a pricing actually higher, during times of, I would argue softer times. What I think it means is that our bright line as to where we think we can make a great return or a good return is doesn't move as much around as we go forward. Right. Because we have a property, we believe we want to have a healthier or more conservative, if you will view of the loss cost trend as we price the business going forward.
Josh Shanker: So your loss cross trend assumptions are already higher and inflation [indiscernible] has been meeting the loss trends you already assumed?
Francois Morin: Yes. I think that's fair. Let me add a bit more on your question. I think Josh, specifically on reserves, I mean that's where the feedback loop comes into play where we do start with more long term assumptions around trend. And as Marc said, we've been through a period where inflation has been pretty benign. So we effectively over time, because we've been pretty, I guess we're slow to react. The good news has been that that's been an Arch kind of philosophy for a number of years forever, really. We effectively end up building a little bit of a cushion that may come in handy if things do pick up again. If there's a bit of a spike in inflation, which depending on the lines of business and some lines of business property, short tail, no question that we're seeing a little bit of higher inflation on labor and goods and materials. In some other lines of business, we're just not seeing it. So it doesn't mean it's not there, it doesn't mean that it won't happen. But for the time being, we have built up this again, buffer that we would call or a little bit of cushion in the reserve base, which would prevent us or what actually, we use up first before ever having to take a charge which in our 20 year history, we've never had to take charges. And we certainly hope to keep it that way.
Josh Shanker: That makes sense. I'm trying to understand mechanics. So you have a high, I don't mean to repair it, but you have you have a high assumption going in, nothing has changed that assumption. If something were to happen, that would change the assumption, by definition, it would mean you need to carry more reserves. But you have a buffer in there. And so you don't need to?
Marc Grandisson: On the old years. On the new years, we right. So the new business that we priced today, we will increase, we have increased. And again, it varies by line. But in some lines of business, no question that we've raised our assumptions, our pricing assumptions and loss cost trends so implicitly that when we reserve those new business, those new years '22 and moving forward they will start at a higher level reflecting the inflation assumptions that we put in place today. When we worry about reserves on the older, [in force] the old years, right '21 and prior, the fact that we priced them with more conservative assumptions on loss cost trends gives us that buffer that we think will be a mechanism to absorb some of the volatility.
Josh Shanker: And in terms of buffers, could you update us on your IBNR reserve for COVID?
Marc Grandisson: Our total reserves for COVID are still at $160 million, 75% of which are either IBNR or ACR within a reinsurance segment.
Josh Shanker: That's very complete. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Ryan Tuniss: Hey, good afternoon. Just one question from me. Can you talk a little bit about the impact that global minimum tax would have on the MI tax rate?
Marc Grandisson: It's pretty mature Ryan to analyze all this. There are so many moving parts of these global minimum tax right now whether it's going to take place, whether it's going to happen, which country is going to enact it? So way too premature. I mean, of course, our tax folks are working always every week, there's a new notion, something new coming from all the various governments and agencies and treasuries around the world. But right now, it's still a moving target. Too early, too premature to say what it would mean for us.
Ryan Tuniss: Understood. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Good. Thanks. First, I want to follow up on Brian's questions if I can. Nothing much in terms of the quality companies in Florida. But given the sort of bizarre litigation environment there, how do you get comfortable that even the good companies are with reinsurance?
Marc Grandisson: It's a very good question. I think that in general, that's why we actually ask and want a higher margin of safety in Florida. So I think if you look at our expected pricing in Florida reflects all of these. And we need a healthier margin and you will find that the margin in Florida is higher than most other jurisdictions around and I think we've increased a little bit in Florida. We know we didn't go as Francois mentioned the P&L went up slightly in the Florida Tricounty area. But these prices, the prices that we saw as well Myers at some point, they're not necessarily sort of settled market, they might be sort of harder to place or a layer that needs to be fun finalized. So the pricing will be quite a bit better than you would expect than the average market would be. Again, Meyer there is no guarantee in this slide specifically an insurance as you know. I think we tend to think about having a higher margin of safety in Florida and several deals gave us that opportunity this year.
Meyer Shields: Okay, no, that makes perfect sense. Second question, if I can look over your shoulder on the reinsurance side. You talked a little bit about the industry recognizing faster rates of inflation. How much does that vary when you look at potential feedings?
Marc Grandisson: Wildly, it varies wildly. I think now we probably have more consensus building in the industry. But it does vary wildly, because to be fair to our clients, they have different books of business, they have different lines, they have different focus geographically or line size. So it does vary a lot. But there's clearly among our clients that we can see and sense that there is development coming, there is some of that inflation taking up a little bit, which they have, by and large, already understood and appreciated would come. But I think like, it's, I would say it's varies by [sitting] company, the level but I think the general direction of pricing for more and recognizing more is there than [sitting] company clearly. They've been very, very proactive, most of them if not all of them.
Meyer Shields: Okay, no, excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: I am not showing any further questions. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much, everyone. We're looking forward for the second half of this year and there we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:04 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2022 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. 00:29 Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time-to-time. 01:03 Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. 01:19 Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. 01:37 I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: 01:45 Thank you very much. Good morning, and welcome to Arch's earnings call for the first quarter of 2022. Arch delivered a strong first quarter, as our dynamic capital allocation and cycle management strategy combined with strong underwriting skills delivered a 13.6% annualized operating ROE. This past quarter provided yet another reminder that we live in a world of uncertainty. The war in Ukraine has affected countless lives and initiated a humanitarian crisis that is still unfolding and the pandemic continues now into year three. 02:23 In addition to the war in Ukraine, global inflation and supply chain issues pushed interest rates up, which in turn led to investment markdowns in the quarter. In spite of these headwinds for our industry, we demonstrated the effectiveness of our diversified platform as: one, we grew premium above market average again. Two, repurchased 5.6 million shares; and three, generated a strong operating ROE. Our objective remains as always to deliver long-term value for our shareholders using all the levers available to us. 03:06 The underlying fundamentals of our businesses continue to improve as we benefit from better market conditions in the P&C industry and execute our cycle management strategy where we actively allocate capital to the most attractive sectors of our business. Our P&C operations generated $2.3 billion of net written premium in the quarter, which represents an increase of 18% from the same quarter in 2021 and speaks to our confidence in the improving underwriting conditions in our P&C operations. 03:44 Mortgage insurance contributed substantial underwriting profit in the quarter and insurance in force grew modestly again highlighting that mortgage remains a positive differentiator of our business model. Now, inflation is top of mind for everyone in the P&C industry, which to its credit has historically been adequately respond to inflation trends. Inflation is not a new phenomenon and in fact it permeates discussions in evaluating claims all the time in an insurance company. 04:21 As such, our focus is always on proactively incorporating new data into our reserving and pricing. We believe that this focus in addition to increased future investment returns and reserving prudently will help mitigate inflation's impact. As far as our mortgage business is concerned, inflation mainly has a positive effect, as it increases homeowner equity, which again mitigates potential losses. 04:51 I'll now share a few highlights from our segments. Across most lines our P&C units remained in a growth phase of the underwriting cycle according to falling rates insurance clock. In the quarter, our P&C net premiums earned grew by 25% over the first quarter of 2021, as we continue to earn in the rate increases of the past 24-months. Our data indicates that we are still experiencing average rate increases in excess of expected loss cost. 05:25 In Specialty Insurance, underwriting conditions remain very good, as pricing discipline, terms and conditions and limits management are stable across most markets. This stability combined with the uncertainties, I mentioned at the beginning of this call should help keep the market discipline and sustain rate increases. 05:46 Our specialty business in Lloyds and our UK regional business delivered strong growth in the quarter as our European insurance operations now represent 30% of Arch insurances total net written premium, up from 20% pre-pandemic. We are pleased to see the positive results of the investments we made into this platform prior to 2020. 06:11 We also created meaningful growth across our U.S. operations in the quarter, primarily in professional liability, including cyber, as well as travel where we believe relative returns are attractive. On the reinsurance side of our business, the emphasis remains on quarter share treaties over excess of loss reinsurance. This allows Arch to participate in the rate increases on primary insurance, while improving the balance between the risk and the return. 06:42 Overall in our Reinsurance Group, growth opportunities remains strong. Since it's been a talking point on prior calls, it’s worth noting that although property cat rates have improved in response to elevated loss activity in the past few years, we have remained disciplined and have not allocated material additional capital to this line as we maintain our view that other lines of business have better risk-adjusted returns. 07:10 Turning now to the mortgage segment, which once again delivered excellent underwriting results as we continue to benefit from strong housing demand and excellent credit conditions. Delinquency rates on our MI portfolio continue to trend to a historically low levels and cures on delinquent mortgages in our portfolio resulted in favorable prior development in the quarter. 07:35 The increase in mortgage interest rates currently at 5% for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages is a steeper rise, then we have seen in decades. These higher rates have dramatically curtailed refinancing. However, our MI business is far more geared to the purchase market, which continues to benefit from strong demand and limited housing supply. Of note, the decline in refinancing activity improves persistency which in turn should improve returns on our in-force portfolio. 08:07 While the rise in mortgage rates may ultimately cool demand and slow the rapid home price appreciation of the last year. So far, we have yet to see demand weaken and we expect home prices to continue to rise, albeit at a slower pace. Again, as mentioned earlier, rising home prices increase equity for homeowners, which ultimately reduces the risk of claim in mortgage insurance. So our perspective is that this expected future equity buildup and the strong credit profiles of borrowers should strengthen the resilience of our in-force mortgage portfolio. 08:44 Moving forward, our diversified platform and cycle management philosophy, will enable our MI team to continue to make measured responsible decisions with our capital. Our MI Group has the flexibility to grow or moderate the business they choose to right based on their view of market conditions. 09:02 A few brief notes on investments, were net investment income was down from last quarter, as we reduced risk positions primarily equities given increasing market volatility. Rising interest rates also caused mark-to-market losses in the quarter. However, the relatively short duration of our investment portfolio, as well as our healthy cash flow will naturally allow us to reinvest at higher interest rates, which should be reflected in future quarters. 09:30 In closing even with current uncertainties, opportunities exist. In the quarter, Arch was able to deliver strong results with positive growth across its businesses and we're well-positioned to sustain our growth trajectory in this favorable P&C market. We've consistently demonstrated our ability to allocate capital effectively to the areas of our business with the most attractive returns. As you know, with Arch, we are constantly looking for and seizing the opportunities that offer the best returns for our shareholders. Francois?
Francois Morin: 10:06 Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. As Marc shared earlier our P&C units remained on their path of underlying margin improvement, while the Mortgage Group delivered another quarter of strong underlying performance, which was supplemented by solid cure activity in their insured loan portfolio. Overall our results translated into an after-tax operating income of $1.10 per share for the quarter and an annualized operating return on average common equity of 13.6%. 10:42 In the insurance segment net written premium grew 21.3% over the same quarter one year ago. Growth was particularly strong within our professional liability and travel business units and was achieved both in North America and internationally. Underwriting performance was excellent with an accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 90.8%, a 250 basis point improvement over the same quarter one year ago. 11:12 Similar to last quarter, a change in our business mix as a result of more pronounced growth in lines of business with lower loss ratios helps explain some of the 470 basis point improvement we observed in our underlying loss ratio. This benefit was slightly offset by a higher acquisition expense ratio. Increased contingent commission accruals on profitable business and lower levels of ceded business for lines with higher ceding commission offsets also slightly increased the expense ratio. 11:46 As we have said before, our focus remains on improving our expected returns through a variety of levers. And we are encouraged to see that our efforts are paying off for our shareholders. In the reinsurance segment, it's worth mentioning that reinsurance agreements that were put in place at the time of the closing of the Somers acquisition in the third quarter of last year made comparisons from the current to prior periods imperfect. For example, while our reported growth in net written premium remained solid at 14% on a quarter-over-quarter basis, it would have been 26.6% after adjusting for the Somers session. The growth came primarily in our casualty and other specialty lines where rate increases, new business opportunities and growth in existing accounts help increase the top line. 12:40 The segment produced an ex-cat accident year combined ratio of 82.7%, an excellent result, as we continue to enjoy healthy underwriting conditions in most of the lines we write. Losses from first quarter catastrophic events, net of reinsurance to recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $85.8 million or 4.0 combined ratio points, compared to 10.5 combined ratio points in the first quarter of 2021. Approximately two-thirds of the estimated losses came from the Russia invasion of Ukraine with the rest coming from other global natural catastrophe events including the Australian floods. 13:26 Our mortgage segment had an excellent quarter with a combined ratio of 3.1%, due in large part to favorable prior year development of $105.6 million. In line with last quarter's results net premiums earned decreased on a sequential basis, due to a combination of higher levels of ceded premiums a lower level of earnings from single premium policy terminations and reduced US primary mortgage insurance monthly premiums, primarily from recent originations, which remain of excellent credit quality. 14:04 Production levels were down slightly from last quarter, but certainly in line with seasonal trends and new purchases and diminishing refinancing opportunities for borrowers. As we have discussed on prior calls, one of the benefits of higher interest rates as an improving persistency rate, which now stands at 66.9% and should continue to increase throughout 2022. Ultimately, higher persistency benefits our insurance in-force and should result in a stable base of premium income to help drive underwriting income for the rest of the year and beyond. 14:40 With respect to claim activity, approximately three quarters of the favorable claims development came from our first lien insured portfolio at USMI as we benefited from better than expected cure activity mostly related to the 2020 accident year. The remainder of the favorable development came from recoveries on second lien loans and better-than-expected claim development in our CRT portfolio in our International MI operations. 15:08 We maintain a prudent approach in setting loss reserves in light of the uncertainty we are facing with borrowers exiting forbearance programs and moratoriums on foreclosures. Income from operating affiliates stood at $24.5 million and was generated from good results across our various investments, including Coface, Somers Re and Premium. 15:32 Total investment return for our investment portfolio was a negative 3.07% on a U.S. dollar basis for the quarter, which explains the decrease in our book value per share to $32.18 at March 31st down 4.1% in the quarter. The decrease was primarily due to the mark-to-market impact for our available for sale fixed maturities portfolio, resulting in a $1.55 hit to our book value per share. 16:02 This quarter, the meaningful increase in interest rates and negative returns in the equity markets contributed to the negative total return. As you know, we are maintaining a relatively short duration in our investment portfolio for some time and this strategy help temper the mark-to-market hit to book value in the first quarter. While still relatively short, we have extended our duration slightly to 2.93 years at the end of the quarter in order to get closer to our duration target. 16:31 The change in net investment income this quarter on a sequential basis was mostly due to a lower level of dividends as we shifted out of some equity positions and higher investment expenses related to incentive compensation payments as is normal for us in the first quarter of the year. 16:49 Going forward, we would expect net investment income to increase over the next few quarters as our portfolio gets reinvested at higher yields. At the end of the quarter, new money yields were approximately 145 basis points higher than the embedded book yield in our fixed income portfolio. Alternative investments representing approximately 15% of our total portfolio return to 1.4% in the quarter. The performance of our alternative investments is generally reported on a one quarter lag. 17:24 I wanted to spend a brief moment on corporate expenses and what you should expect for the rest of the year. As you know, the first quarter is always elevated relative to the other quarters due to the timing of incentive compensation accruals. This year you should also expect a slightly higher amount in the second quarter, again due to our accounting policy for non-cash compensation for retirement eligible employees. As a result, we expect corporate expenses to be approximately $25 million in the second quarter before coming down to a level closer to the 2021 amounts for the third and fourth quarters. 18:04 Turning briefly to risk management, our natural cat PML on a net basis stood at $768 million as of April 1 or 6.4% of tangible shareholders' equity. Again well below our internal limits at the single event, one in 250 year return level. Our peak zone PML is currently the Florida Tri-County region. 18:27 On the capital front, we repurchased approximately 5.6 million common shares at an aggregate cost of $255 million in the first quarter. Our remaining share repurchase authorization, currently stands at $927.2 million. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: 18:49 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with J.P. Morgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: 19:14 Hey, good morning. So I had a question first just on the expense ratio. And I guess if you could discuss a little bit more how much of it is just, because of a mix shift in the business where some of the lines that entail a higher loss ratio or lower loss ratio, but higher expense ratios are growing faster versus incentive comp or other expenses that might sustain through the rest of the year.
Francois Morin: 19:39 Well, I think to me, it's -- the way to think about it is to -- I mean, if you want to focus on operating expenses is where all the incentive comp payments or expenses will come through. So that, that you can easily see that our track record the last 12-months where you see in Q1, there is higher and then it levels off of the second through the fourth quarters. So that should give you a good idea of how to project that out. The rest, I would say, I'd like to think of it in combination. In loss and acquisition to me or -- we can't think of them separately. They have -- they go together, there's offsets, they -- we think about it when we write the business. So ultimately, the way we certainly think about the whole kind of underwriting performance is the combined ratio. And that's how I suggest you maybe think about it.
Marc Grandisson: 20:34 I think from a perspective of acquisition expense, I think that the mix has shifted over the last couple of years. So I think I would probably look at the last one quarter or two quarters as an indication for the future, because our mix is shifting in that direction. So it's clearly -- and as a result of that, you see the loss ratio expectations actually coming down, which makes sense based on what Francois mentioned.
Jimmy Bhullar: 20:57 And then on your cat losses, I think you mentioned that the majority of the cat losses that were booked this quarter were Russia-related, and I'm assuming most of those are IBNR. But if you could give some color on that? And then relatedly you've in the past indicated what you had in terms of COVID reserves, and I think most of those were IBNR as well. But if you can talk about what you would need to see to be able to start releasing some of those reserves related to COVID?
Francois Morin: 21:28 Yes. I'll start with Ukraine. I think Ukraine, again, very early to me. It's somewhat similar to COVID two-years ago when -- it's still ongoing, right? So we took a fairly -- we think, a prudent approach at this point based on what we know. We think we're going to have some losses, but it's all IBNR, right? So the question really, we don't have any claims yet that our certain or we have to set up case reserves for. It's highly preliminary at this point, and it's based on kind of some assessment of what we think the overall exposure might be. So we think we're in a good place right now, but we're going to have to monitor it and see how it goes in future quarters.
Marc Grandisson: 22:13 And I believe our COVID losses, we're about 70% IBNR at this point in time. So it's still not finalized by any means.
Jimmy Bhullar: 22:20 And what's the magnitude?
Francois Morin: 22:24 Well. Our numbers haven't changed, so total reserves, right? So with total reserves for COVID is about $160 million and 70% of that is COVID. Sorry, not COVID.
Marc Grandisson: 22:34 IBNR.
Francois Morin: 22:35 IBNR.
Jimmy Bhullar: 22:36 Thank you.
Francois Morin: 22:37 You’re welcome.
Operator: 22:40 Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: 22:45 Hello, everyone. I recognize that the 10-year anniversary for mortgage insurers setting up their contingency reserves is approaching where these reserves will be released on a first-in first-out basis into unassigned statutory funds. And I believe Arch has about $3.1 billion of such contingency MI reserves. I'm just wondering, if this anniversary is of any significance for Arch, like does this orderly reserve relief improve your ordinary statutory dividend capacity or improve your view of capital allocation in any way?
Francois Morin: 23:23 First of all, I mean, the fact -- the contingency reserves, no question or a statutory requirement. They're part of our overall way of operating, but I would say they haven't really been a constraint in the sense of how we deploy capital, where we deploy it, their ability to come in and out of market. So I think it's certainly something we watch and are aware of, but I wanted to make sure that everybody understood that it's not -- it hasn't been really -- it caused a major issue for us at this point. 23:55 You're correct. The 10-years, though we're going to start getting closer to our ability to release contiguity reserves. And yes, no question that, that effectively shifts the money from contingent reserves that available surplus to -- and it gives us more ability to declare dividends upstream from the MI companies. That said, we are always looking -- and it’s -- and we've been able to do a little bit of that with the regulators in the last few years though -- on an exception basis and have kind of submitted some plans to them to make it so that we can actually access some of those funds maybe a bit earlier than would have been, I guess, officially the case with the contingency reserves, but we're still -- something that we're constantly working on.
Tracy Benguigui: 24:48 Got it. I'd also like to touch on the negative marks in your investment portfolio. So I noticed in your proxy, your key KPIs like growth in book value per share or ROE, these are metrics that Arch doesn't adjust for unrealized gains or losses will from your peers do. So my question basically is do these negative marks change review deployable capital in any way?
Marc Grandisson: 25:12 No, not really. I think that the operating income -- the way we look at the operating ROE, it's more of like a run rate as to how our business is performing. Fully recognizing that a lot of the mark-to-markets will eventually recover, so it's really the way we've chosen way back in our history to get a better reflection for and how we're performing from a core business perspective, letting the bigger of the market volatility find their way over time. That's really our way to be a bit more forward thinking and looking at how we present our returns and our performance.
Tracy Benguigui: 25:47 Got it. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: 25:49 Thanks.
Francois Morin: 25:50 Welcome.
Operator: 25:51 Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: 25:57 Yes. Thank you. If I go back in time about nine months ago, when I asked you about opportunities you have to deploy capital, we look at it as mortgage insurance, reinsurance, share buybacks, acquisitions. The mortgage issuing pace was hot, and reinsurance is attractive. It still is, but ceding commissions are up now and maybe with where rates are going, mortgage issuance is going to be declining? Does that make insurance and buybacks more attractive on the relative slate of things you can do right now? And what's changed about the ROI in mortgage and reinsurance over the last six months?
Marc Grandisson: 26:42 Yes. I think over the last year, Josh, good question. In terms of the rank ordering our opportunities right now, I think you’ve -- that the growth in premium speaks for itself. It's really an indication of where we think the value proposition is for our shareholders. I think that clearly, reinsurance and insurance are close to one another. Our reinsurance team would argue that they have a better return perspective. We'd like to have these discussions internally, but certainly, the P&C has moved up in the rank in terms of top return. 27:13 I think MI is a close second and as you saw on the share repurchase, I mean, it's clearly another way for us to deploy capital that's very attractive for our shareholders. So we have a lot of levers that we can deploy at that point in time. But having said this, our focus right now is really to grow the business, because we have so many good opportunities ahead of us.
Josh Shanker: 27:34 And the Ukraine crisis has caused a skepticism about the value of trade credit, which has hurt the valuation of Coface in terms of your view of the attractiveness of that asset post Ukraine and whether the diminished pricing opportunity. Do you have any thoughts there?
Marc Grandisson: 27:57 Well. I think, first, the Ukraine and Russia area is not a big portion of what companies such as Coface, would be playing into. So that certainly is a smaller footprint. And a lot of the losses that could have emerged or are emerging, they'll be short tail by and large, right? It's definitely a shorter term, even though we're not out of the woods yet in terms of developing losses broadly, I think on trade credit, I'm confident that our Coface team has a good handle as to what their exposure is. 28:26 And I think if I take COVID as an example for how resilient they are, even absence on the government scheme, I think that we like the resilience and the diversification even within Coface themselves, what they provided to the shareholders. So let's just say we're not overly concerned. I mean, I think the numbers are going to come today or very recently. I think they'll have way more and more insight into this. But at this point in time, our expectation is that it's -- it will have an impact on their result, but not the extent that, as always, it seems that the market expects way more downside than actually meets the eye. Because it's a line of business that I believe is largely misunderstood. And the way that Xavier and his team has developed and deployed risk management is underappreciated. I think Coface, they do a very, very good job in risk managing the portfolio.
Josh Shanker: 29:17 And if I can sneak one more in. You said that 75% of COVID reserves are still in IBNR. Is COVID a long tail or a short tail risk? And what would you be waiting for to get better comfort on the use or lack of the IBNR reserves?
Marc Grandisson: 29:39 I think on a short and long tail, I would say, yes. So it's both, right? I mean, there's a lot of things going on. And I think we certainly saw some of the BI losses, right, Josh, last year or even early, in middle of 2020. I think some of them are being resolved as we speak. I think we're of the mind that this is a big event, things have happened, people are still trying to figure out as they recover into this new market, this new environment. And it's still being thrown into it some inflation and more -- it seems more dislocation. So I think that we may have things coming through potentially on the liability side of things, eventually. It's hard to know what it's going to look like. But it's clearly, clearly, a lot that we've never faced before. So that's why we will tend to be more prudent at Arch, as you know us. There's a lot more uncertainty than the average loss that we've seen so far in our history.
Francois Morin: 30:31 And even the short tail that you would think a short tail coverage’s are going to be litigated, then that will take time to resolve itself. So I mean, we're keeping an eye on it, but we think it's going to be with us for quite a bit longer.
Josh Shanker: 30:47 Thank you for all the answers.
Marc Grandisson: 30:48 Thanks, Josh.
Operator: 30:51 Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous.
Ryan Tunis: 30:57 Hey, thanks. Good afternoon --
Marc Grandisson: 31:01 Ryan. Are you still there, Ryan? We can't hear you.
Operator: 31:12 Ryan, you may be on mute.
Marc Grandisson: 31:14 Yes. Yes, I think Ryan just came out somehow.
Ryan Tunis: 31:23 Can you hear me?
Marc Grandisson: 31:25 Ryan?
Ryan Tunis: 31:26 Yes. Yes guys got me?
Marc Grandisson: 31:28 Yes, we got you now. Great, we got to you, we got you and we got you.
Ryan Tunis: 31:31 Really Sorry about that. So yes, I had a MI reserve question. It's not as deep MI as the last one, I don't think. But -- what I was curious about is just like trying to get a feel for how 2020 that year has developed. Obviously, you guys released a lot of reserves from that year this quarter, and maybe it's something I can calculate myself. But yes, what have been the total number of reserve releases on the 20-years since you initially booked it?
Marc Grandisson: 32:01 But I don't have that number handy with me. It's most of it -- well, on the ones we just did, there will be most of it. Because most of the delinquencies and there was the largest cohort in April and May of 2020 second quarter. And those are the ones that are obviously coming out of delinquencies and being settled, so most of it is from the 2020 year.
Ryan Tunis: 32:26 But do you have a sense, I guess, Marc, for like -- I mean if we were to compare what that ultimate is now relative to kind of the years headed into 2020? Are we getting to a point where on a fully developed basis that year looks like -- some of the years? I'm just trying to understand like how much more reserve potential there could be?
Marc Grandisson: 32:49 Yes. Well, I have to be careful the way I answer it. I think I would say to you that 2020, '21 may turn out to be more like an average year. There's a good possibility for that to happen. It's still uncertain, because we're still going through the forbearance exiting as we speak. It's accelerating really as we speak literally. So I think 2020, 2021 will turn out to be much more of average years than we had maybe feared when we talked about it in the second quarter of 2020.
Ryan Tunis: 33:22 Got it. And then on the P&C side, I guess, I might be wrong on this. But I don't remember there being quite this much volatility with the acquisition cost. It just seems like something that is kind of ramping, like as you said in the past two, three quarters. Could you just give us like maybe a little bit of a better understanding of why are we seeing more of that now? Is it because of the amount of loss ratio improvement that's going through the business? Is it the way you've structured reinsurance. I'm just kind of trying to kind of lately understand what might have changed.
Marc Grandisson: 33:56 It's a good question, and I would just welcome you to Arch's way of cycle management, which is moving and pivoting to where the opportunities are. So it will be probably surprising to you as Francois and I don't really know what kind of acquisition expense we'll have in one quarter, because our team just make the best evaluation possible as to what's ahead of them. And I think on the reinsurance side, right, we mentioned in our commentary, is that quota share focus, definitely over time, will increase the acquisition expense ratio. 34:26 And on the insurance side, the travel, for instance, right, was really went down in premium written as you remember, Ryan, in 2020. It's coming back up and that has historically a high expense ratio. We also have some programs, new programs that we've entertained on the insurance side. And those will naturally come up with higher acquisitions. So I think that it's a really dynamic market. I don't think we've seen that kind of market where we can shuffle around and really pivot and make capital allocation or decision to write more of one or the other. I think you had more of a -- to your point about not having more volatility this quarter than ever before is because we had a very stable, frankly, doll market for about five or six years, we were defensive. There was really no need for us to shift and we're sort of across the board shifting down our involvement on the P&C side. Now I think its way more dynamic, and that's why you have this shift around. 35:22 So -- but to your question about the loss ratio, the loss ratio itself will find its way naturally, whether we write quota share or excess of loss. So the higher the expense ratio, frankly, the lower you should expect the loss ratio to be. Because it's really a combined ratio gain, as we said before. So I understand that it's not easy to pin down, we understand. But it's really due to the cycle management and where we are in this marketplace.
Ryan Tunis: 35:50 Understood, that makes sense. Thanks guys.
Marc Grandisson: 35:52 Thanks.
Operator: 35:54 Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: 35:59 Thanks. I want to start with one underwriting question, and maybe it pertains to what you were just talking about, Marc. We've seen year-over-year written premiums and programs actually go down after some very solid growth in the first three quarters of 2021. And I was hoping you could talk us through what's going on there?
Francois Morin: 36:18 Yes. [Matt] (ph), there's a bit of noise. I think it's really related to the timing of a renewal of a program and when we onboard one. So I wouldn't kind of read too much into that, Meyer. I think it's very -- it's a one-off.
Marc Grandisson: 36:33 I think the earned premium is a better indicator of the trajectory of where we're going here.
Meyer Shields: 36:38 Okay, perfect. That's very helpful. The second question, I'm sorry.
Marc Grandisson: 36:43 Go ahead, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: 36:44 Okay, so you talked a lot and very helpful in terms of the guidance for corporate expenses. Is there the same sort of accrual trend in the individual segments, because I'm asking because of the year-over-year growth in other operating expenses?
Francois Morin: 37:02 Well, I mean it's the same general -- I mean the timing is the same. It's just that, obviously, the corporate -- in the corporate segment or what you see in corporate expenses, it's -- I mean, it's a very -- I mean it's, A, there is, some more non-cash comp that comes into play, right? And that is, again, more tilted to the first quarter. And it's just -- that's basically all it is. I mean, for the most part, it's just comp and benefits versus the OpEx in the segments has a lot more to it, right? There's systems, there's IT, there's a lot more things that -- so you'll never have that much impact or more -- as much volatility in the segment. 37:49 But the rules are the same though. I mean, when we have people that become retirement age eligible, it triggers that different kind of accounting or immediate expensing of the non-cash comp, and that's part of it. Related, I think, just the growth in the OpEx dollars, no question that went up. We stay -- I mean, and we look at that. We certainly -- I want to make sure that premium is growing faster. So I think the ratio, as you saw in all the segments, certainly, insurance arrangements went down. 38:26 And I think the important message here is that we've been performing well, and we need to pay our people. And our people is basically all we have, we need to retain that talent and that came through in Q1 as we kind of made incentive comp decisions.
Marc Grandisson: 38:44 Meyer, what I would add to this is you can look at that line item either as an expense or as an investment item. So I think from our perspective, we also are investing in our people, as you heard from Francois. And investing in other things, right, that will improve the results over time. And that's -- this is a good time to invest. We have -- it's a growing platform, money is coming in. So it's a good time to invest. So we're really also spending some money to make it more sustainable as a platform.
Meyer Shields: 39:12 Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Marc Grandisson: 39:14 Welcome.
Operator: 39:17 Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle: 39:22 Hey, good morning. Just a couple of questions, you've already covered a lot of ground. On the Russia-Ukraine losses, what lines of business or products were impacted there? Was it your own trade credit or war or marine whatever?
Marc Grandisson: 39:40 Yes. It's the traditional lines you would expect. I think that most of our losses come from our exposure at Lloyd's, either through from the insurance platform, the reinsurance platform. And that's what you would expect, right, because this is where the specialty lines have been underwritten. So either through the Lloyd's of the London really operations. So this is where we're expecting it from. One the trade credit is part of the considerations. Again, like I said, so it's also part of that as well. So we look across our lines of business. But I would think London, Lloyd's, aviation, marine war, the classic Lloyd's exposure.
Mark Dwelle: 40:17 Okay. And then building on that, you -- I'm just trying to make sure I understand it correctly. To the extent that Coface incurs losses, you're picking those up effectively on a one quarter lag basis. So whatever they have, you'll get your proportional share of how those run through in the second quarter and so on going forward, correct?
Francois Morin: 40:42 100% correct, yes.
Mark Dwelle: 40:45 Okay. And then the last question, I just wanted to clarify, you made a number of comments related to the investment portfolio. Am I understanding correctly, so you're both extending the duration and getting a higher new money yield on both the reinvestment, as well as, I guess, any new money that you're generating?
Francois Morin: 41:08 Yes. New on yield, no question. I mean I mentioned the 145 basis points. That is comparing your embedded book yield on the portfolio at the end of the quarter or two what we're currently seeing in the market. And we extend the duration is really a bit more of a strategic thing. I mean we were short -- I mean, relative to our benchmark, we got a bit closer to the benchmark, just being a bit more of a defensive move, we want to make sure we weren't too far off from the target.
Mark Dwelle: 41:39 In terms of thinking forward, which will have the greater impact on rising investment income, it will be the -- I would assume it would probably be the higher new money rate more so than the duration extension.
Francois Morin: 41:52 Totally. Yes, we -- listen, we don't know how quickly the portfolio will turn over. But certainly, as Marc mentioned, the free cash flow coming in and also how quickly the portfolio will churn or either mature and/or will trade in and out of certain securities, we'll be able to reinvest that. So it will take certainly a few quarters. But as I mentioned, I think we'll start seeing some benefits starting next quarter and by the end of the year, it should be hopefully somewhat measurable and meaningful.
Mark Dwelle: 42:28 Okay, thank you. I appreciate the thoughts.
Francois Morin: 42:30 Sure, welcome.
Operator: 42:33 Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: 42:37 Hey, good morning everybody. My first question, and maybe it's more of just me rephrasing and making sure I'm thinking about it correctly. Am I to understand that really your focus or your myopic focus is on getting the loss ratio better, and you're kind of agnostic as to whether the expense ratio goes up or down as long as the combined ratio comes down because the loss ratio improves more?
Marc Grandisson: 43:04 Yes, I think you're right. I think the combined ratio, which leads to return on equity is what we're focusing on. Yes.
Yaron Kinar: 43:10 Okay. And I should probably be careful with how I phrase this, we talk industry here. At some stage, you expect -- in the cycle, you expect to see some adverse reserve development and then probably followed by some favorable development. I guess where do you see the industry at today? And maybe at what point do you start seeing the reported combined ratio improve and coming more from favorable development as opposed to the accident year loss ratio improving?
Marc Grandisson: 43:42 Yes. I can't speak really to the level of reserve in the industry. I mean everybody -- it's like beauty is in the eye of the beholder, right? It's kind of difficult for me to opine on this. I think in terms of earnings versus pricing cycles, I think it's true that the pricing cycle peaks and then the earnings cycle peaks probably a couple two to three years after. So I think that, that historically has been the case. So I would expect earnings to -- if pricing is -- I don't -- I'm not saying it's peaking, but once it peaked, we should probably have earnings still getting better for a couple of years after that. So we're still very much in the margin improvement still in the market. So it's a tough question to ask as opposed to what right, Yaron, where it's going to come from, prior development or current accident years. So that's a different -- it's probably different also for every company.
Yaron Kinar: 44:35 Fair. I'd be happy for you to opine on Arch specifically, if you want.
Marc Grandisson: 44:40 We're doing pretty good.
Yaron Kinar: 44:42 Okay. If I could sneak one last one in. So two-thirds of cat losses are related to Russia. Is that true for both the insurance and reinsurance segments?
Francois Morin: 44:56 It's a good question. It's -- I mean, directionally, it's about that. Yes, I mean we might have had a bit more -- the non-Ukraine cat losses were mostly reinsurance, so Australian floods is where we can -- that we picked that up a bit more from the reinsurance side. But it's -- directionally, it's about -- not a big difference.
Yaron Kinar: 45:17 Got it. Thanks so much.
Francois Morin: 45:18 Thanks.
Operator: 45:21 Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: 45:26 Hey, thanks. A couple of one’s here for you. First, Marc, can you talk a little bit about what you think about the opportunities maybe in Florida with the renewal season, a lot of turmoil and stuff going on down there.
Marc Grandisson: 45:37 Yes, I can only tell you right now what we hear from our team. And what we hear from our teams, and including our colleagues and brokers and friendly brokers out there, is this is going to be a tough renewal. There's a lot of question marks, a lot of decision that needs to be made. It's too early, Brian, to call what it's going to look like. But people are expecting, I think you may have heard this on other call, a difficult renewal. There's a lot of things that need to be fixed between the recognition of the litigation that hasn't really stopped as much as we would have wanted. Some of the companies are struggling to even survive, do you get paid your reinstatement. And I understand that the state is also trying to find solution. We probably have an impending discussion from the Department of Insurance as to what they want to do or the direction, what they want to do in Florida. So we're like you, Brian, we're in a wait and see kind of mode. We have -- the one thing I would tell you, which all our shareholders should hear is if there's an opportunity, we have capital to deploy there. We're very bullish.
Brian Meredith: 46:38 That's what I wanted to know. So you've got the company. And then, Marc, another one, so a couple of stories out last night and this morning about companies looking potentially sell themselves. I'm just curious what your thoughts are on M&A, kind of Arch's view with respect to the M&A environment? Is the organic growth opportunity is just too good right now to distract yourself from potential M&A opportunities?
Marc Grandisson: 47:03 Listen, we're a broadly equal opportunity kind of company, right? We'll look at what can be done and what should be done and what makes sense for the shareholders. We're not looking for transactions necessarily. But our history show that when a transaction come that's accretive to our shareholders, we'll entertain and look at it. We certainly have look at what's out there, what has been discussed, as you would expect, Brian. So I think we have probably the best position possible, which is we don't have to do anything. We have plenty of opportunity. And we are in a seat where we can just like wait for the pitch to come to us. So I feel very, very fortunate to be where we are at Arch Capital Group. So we'll look at it. We'll look at it, pitch, if we like it, we'll swing, if not we'll just go back.
Brian Meredith: 47:47 Great, thank you.
Marc Grandisson: 47:48 Yes, sure.
Operator: 47:52 Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: 47:57 Hi, thanks. My first question, if I look at your insurance segment, it's been six quarters in a row where you guys have grown by more than 20%. It seems from your comments you guys are still pretty bullish about opportunities there, even with perhaps a little bit less price. So Marc, does this feel like an environment where you can continue to see pretty robust levels of growth within your insurance segment for this year and beyond?
Marc Grandisson: 48:26 The answer is yes, Elyse. I wonder where you were for the call. The answer is yes. Broadly, it was probably more of a broad market opportunity probably two years ago. Now it's refining itself and turn more certain lines of business. As we mentioned before, some of the programs, we're seeing a better pickup in pricing and property as we speak right now, it's getting hard again on the heels of failing to get the value right as an industry. So listen, I think that it's a bit more of an opportunistic. I think we still have the ability and the willingness to lean in hard if we see opportunities, and we are seeing opportunities, so yes. It's just not as broadly based perhaps as it would have been two years ago.
Elyse Greenspan: 49:08 And then as we think about some stuff that's come up throughout the call, right, we're dealing with higher inflation, also higher interest rates that you guys mentioned could be a tailwind on the investment income side. So where would you put the ROE within the P&C business? Where do you think that's running at today when you think about how 2022 could come in? I know you've talked about, right, kind of targeting the -digits in the past. Where do you think things are now?
Marc Grandisson: 49:38 I think we can speak for our book of business. I think we expect our ROE on a policy year basis, but we write currently to be close to the mid-teens. I mean, we're really getting there inching every -- possibly every quarter since the end of 2019. So yes, this is sort of where we are, Elyse. Yes, pretty much. Was there another part of your question? I want to make sure I think you had something else. No?
Elyse Greenspan: 50:04 No. That was the event. And then another one just on buybacks and I think this came up a little bit earlier when you guys were talking about ROEs in general. I know in the past, we've used some rule of thumbs with book value, right? But you guys, it seems like bought back your stock, right within range of one-fourth of book in the Q1. I know the shares are a little bit higher today, right. Partially, that's a function of the mark-to-market in the quarter. So obviously, would -- buybacks would depend upon the growth opportunities, but it seems like you guys would still be willing to buy back your stock given the valuation today?
Francois Morin: 50:44 I think that's fair. I think -- listen, I mean, again, the multiple is not something we focus when we look at it. But again, I think on the heels of Marc's answer to your earlier question, I think we like our prospects. I mean we think the forward-looking ROEs that we have in front of us are very attractive. We think the stock is priced relatively attractively for us. And depending on what opportunities come our way and how we can deploy the capital, share buybacks are always part of the solution or part of the -- how we deploy our capital.
Elyse Greenspan: 51:19 Thanks for the color.
Marc Grandisson: 51:21 Thanks.
Operator: 51:23 Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: 51:29 Thank you so much for it takes me on again, I noticed that you increased your reinsurance prop cat writings by 10% this quarter, and I recognize you're underweight on PMLs relative to peers. But still, can you break down how meaningful -- is this growth driven by exposure increases versus rate increases? And if you could just comment about your overall risk appetite or prop cat risk, you are balancing pricing inflation and your exposure management.
Francois Morin: 51:56 Yes. In terms of -- I mean, appetite, we've been relatively neutral for the recent last few quarters. I mean we haven't grown. I mean this -- again, this is a bit of a slight one-off in terms of the -- you saw the growth in the premium, just the timing of a renewal. We have like a 14-month premium that program that fell in different quarters. So again, I wouldn't read too much into the dollars of growth in the quarter. But we still -- we're still players in the space. We still say and believe that we need to get a bit more to really put the pedal to the metal. And we'll see where it goes.
Marc Grandisson: 52:35 Yes. On the cat exposure, Tracy, I think that we look at how we deploy it, right? We could deploy it through cat Excel or you could do it through [indiscernible] quota shares or some marine. It's coming from many lines of business. And I think that for the last 18-months or 24-months, because of the significant increases in TMC changes, improvements on the property, in large property segment in general, that our deployment of capital from the cat perspective has been more towards quota share reinsurance. And I think the cat Excel has been lagging, frankly, in terms of pricing. And we've said that more than one. So I think that -- and again, that's another one that -- the similar answer to the program that I answered to Meyer earlier, which is the earned premium is probably a better indicator of our relative growth or non-growth, in this case, in the property cat space.
Tracy Benguigui: 53:28 Okay. Great. And just one real quick follow-up on actually Elyse's question. I felt like last quarter, you kind of alluded that you could buybacks talk above the 1.3 times, just given your view of intrinsic value of your MI business. I don't know if those comments were fully appreciated. I don't know if it's possible, you could flesh out your view of what you think the intrinsic value of your MI book is and how that plays in.
Francois Morin: 53:54 Well, it's part of the -- I mean, forward-looking ROE. So no question that we -- there is significant embedded value that's built into the MI book, and we have good visibility on that. We're very bullish on it, and that gives us even more comfort that there's significant value in the stock. So as we think about buybacks, I mean, no question that from our side, it's fully factored in.
Tracy Benguigui: 54:19 Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: 54:20 Thanks Tracy.
Operator: 54:23 Our next question comes from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: 54:29 Hey, thanks. Just one follow-up for me, and it's back to MI for a second. Trying to marry your earlier comments on the rank order of capital allocation, and you put MI second behind P&C, which obviously makes sense given the fundamentals in the P&C book right now. But if we take that and then look at earlier comments and opening comments, which were pretty positive on the MI space. I'm trying to figure out how to think about -- any help you can give us on thinking about, I guess, growth for the MI business, given what we saw this quarter growth over the next year.
Marc Grandisson: 55:01 Well, I think we -- I mean, it's hard to see from the way we report, but I think the growth, we have a fair amount of growth through the CRT. We also have a very healthy CRT, which is the credit risk transfer program from the GSEs. We also have, as you know, taken on the mortgage -- the mortgage company that was owned by Westpac in Australia, so that's also seeing some growth. In the U.S., I mean, we expect -- I mean we have to remember the production was record for 2020 and 2021. 55:32 So it's kind of hard to grow from there significantly. So the market itself probably will -- might be decreasing a little bit, so we'll see where it shakes up. Definitely, the refinancing is very, very much, you know, pretty much behind us, because of the mortgage rate increases for the that six months. So I wouldn't say that new production is -- because by virtue of the size of the market, on the U.S. MI sort of shrinking somewhat from the refinancing perspective, but what is happening, because of this mortgage rates increasing, the premium written will be much more stable and actually could increase because of the lack of refinancing precisely, which means the insurance in force will increase, which will give some lift into our ongoing written premium. So even though we may not have a similar production from an NIW perspective, I think that the existing portfolio, I would expect the written premium to go up on a gross basis, definitely at some point, starting probably in the second half of the year, Francois, possibly, yes.
Michael Phillips: 56:39 Okay, well thank you, Marc, thanks for the color.
Marc Grandisson: 56:42 Thank, Mike.
Operator: 56:46 I'm not showing any further questions. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: 56:53 Yes, thanks everyone for being here today. Great questions and we look forward to see and talk to you again in July. Thank you.
Operator: 57:02 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference, this concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Arch Capital Group's Fourth Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require assistance during the conference, please [Operator Instruction] on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company get started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call, may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities.  So federal securities laws, these statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby.  Management also, will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished by the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference. Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks. Atif. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. We ended a good year. Here with a great quarter on the year Arch generated a return on net income of 16.7%. And importantly, book value per common share grew by 10.7% with net earnings per share of $5.23. We accomplished these results despite elevated CAT activity, and a short-term effect, that substantial share repurchases had on our book value per share. Our ability to effectively allocate capital also contributed to our 2021 results. Whether opportunistically investing more resources into the most profitable pockets of our business or buying back $1.2 billion worth of our common shares fully, 7.7% of the shares outstanding at the start of the year.  We remain committed to a capital management strategy that creates value for shareholders. I'd like to begin by sharing some highlights from our operating units. In our P&C insurance segment, net written premium grew 24% and earned premium grew 34% over the fourth quarter of 2020 as we earned in the rate increases of the past several quarters. Growth occurred across many lines with profession lines and travel exhibiting the strongest advances. Overall submission activity and rate momentum remained healthy and rate increases were above loss trend. A change in business mix led to a slightly higher acquisition expense in the quarter.  However, we believe that this increase belies the underlying return potential of the segment. More accurately, it is a reflection of the insurance group's outstanding job or positioning itself to act on the better opportunities available in today's market. Turning now to reinsurance, our shareholders continue to benefit from the extraordinary talents of this group, which grew gross written premium by 88% and net written premium by nearly 45% from a year-ago. On haul, the reinsurance group grew in nearly every line, a reflection of our diversified specialty mix of business and our larger participation in quota share reinsurance, which allows us to participate in the improved premium rates of [Indiscernible] more directly.  Briefly on renewals at January 1st, while property cut raise were up broadly, the increases were not enough for us to deploy more capital into our peak zones. However, we found many opportunities to grow in the other 93% of our reinsurance business, that its specialty in nature, including property ex-cat. Finally, onto the mortgage segment, which again delivered excellent underwriting results, even as written premiums declined in the quarter. Seasonally, the fourth quarter, as you know, it's lower for mortgage originations and rising interest rates further depressed refinance activity reducing new insurance rhythm. However, our insurance in fourth, the ultimate driver of earnings, still grew modestly in the quarter mainly due to the lower refinancing activity.  Credit conditions remain excellent in the U.S. with a strong housing market and demand for housing continuing to exceed supply. As most of you already know, home price appreciation remains robust across most of the country. This is a net positive for mortgage insurers as increasing borrower equity ultimately leads to a lower risk of default. Competition in this sector remains robust but stable, and we believe that the better credit quality of our recent originations compensates for marginally lower premium yields. We continue to focus on a more stable returns available in higher credit quality business, instead of broadly chasing top-line growth, a luxury afforded to us by our diversified model.  Turning to the fourth leg of our stool, investment income contributions were up materially for the year, primarily due to alternative investments accounted under the equity method. These investments are primarily fixed income in nature, but because of the structure of our investments, their contributions are excluded from net investment income and our definition of operating income. Notwithstanding, these investments contributed $366 million or $0.92 per share for the full year. Over the past five-years below the line investment returns have added between 75 to 125 bps to our net ROE. But taking a step back to get more of a big picture view, we like the way our businesses are currently positioned.  Within our P&C segments, we believe that P&C pricing and returns have more room to grow in this part of the cycle, and in the mortgage segment, insurance in force is benefiting from both solid credit conditions and good house price appreciation. Underwriting income for our P&C insurance and reinsurance segments expanded significantly in the fourth quarter. It's worth noting that if we were to include components of investment income that relate to the flow-generation farm underwriting. P&C [Indiscernible] contribution to arches earnings were roughly in balance. We believe that this balance improves the risk adjusted returns for our shareholders.  Our corporate culture of being patient in soft markets while maintaining an agile mindset is a key to our success and allows us to seize opportunity when the odds for success are more in our favor because different sectors have their own cycles, our disciplined, defensive underwriting during the softer parts of the cycles is what has enabled us to grow faster than many of our peers in the current environment. We have begun to read the benefits of the strong defensive posture we maintained from 2016 through 2019. The Winter Olympics are underway, and I found an analogy to our business in a somewhat unexpected place. The most exquisite and exciting game of Curling.  You may or may not be aware that Curling has been dubbed, chess on ice. And like insurance, it's much more strategic than the uninformed may realize. Curling is played over ten long ENS or rounds. A defensive strategy is most common, patiently waiting for an opening to pivot to offense. Unfortunately, defending is not exciting. It's about minimizing your opponent scoring opportunities and avoiding mistakes. But like insurance, patience is often handsomely rewarded because when her opponent makes an error, the SKIP knows that now is the time to pounce and all of a sudden, patient is out-the-door and action is in.  Most games are won in that one crucial reversal of fortune. That's how we play the insurance cycle. One year at a time, patiently waiting for the market to give us that opening. And once we see it, we're all-in, just like the last 2.5 years and counting. Don't ever let anyone tell you that curling or insurance are not exciting. For 20 years, we've been committed to taking the long-term view of the insurance cycle being thoughtful and balanced with our capital management strategy and differentiating ourselves by being committed to a specialty model, all with the aim of enhancing shareholder value over the long term. Although every year is different and markets aren't always predictable, we've demonstrated that we can succeed in any market. So we're looking forward to what 2022 has in store for us. Francois?
Francois Morin: Thank you Marc. And good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. As Marc shared earlier, our after-tax operating income for the quarter was $493.3 million or $1.27 per share, resulting in an annualized 15.6% operating return on average, common equity. Book value per share increase to $33.56 at December 31 up 3.5% in the quarter. For the year, our operating return on equity stood at 11.5% while our net return on equity was 16.7%, excellent results in deed. In the insurance segment, net written premium grew 23.7% over the same quarter one year ago. And the accident quarter combined ratio excluding [Indiscernible] was 91.2%, lower by approximately 240 basis points from the same period one year ago.  The growth was particularly strong in North America, where a combination of new business opportunities and rate increases supported this profitable growth. One item to note this quarter for the insurance segment relates to the acquisition expense ratio, which was higher than in both the prior quarter and the same quarter one year ago. As we mentioned in the earnings release, some of this increase is related to premium growth in lines of business with higher acquisition costs such as travel. But it also reflects increased contingent commission accruals on profitable business, as well as lower ceded premiums in lines with higher ceding commission offsets. As we have said before, our focus remains on the returns we are able to generate from all our businesses, and we remain positive on the current pricing environment and the opportunities that should be available to us in 2022.  For the reinsurance segment, growth in net written premium remain strong at 44.5% on a quarter-over-quarter basis. The gross [Indiscernible] the growth was driven by increases in our casualty property other than property catastrophe and other specialty lines where new business opportunities, strong rate increases, and growth in new accounts helped increase the top line. For the full 2021 year, the ex-cat accident year combined ratio was 84.4%, improving by approximately 160 basis points over the 2020 year, a reflection of the underwriting conditions we have seen in most of the lines we write. Losses from 2021 catastrophic events in the quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $72.3 million or 3.5 combined ratio points compared to 9.4 combined ratio points in the fourth quarter of 2020.  The losses came from a combination of fourth-quarter events including the December U.S. tornadoes, and other minor global events, as well as some development on events that occurred earlier in the year. Our estimate of our ultimate exposure to COVID related claims decreased by approximately $3 million during the quarter. We currently hold approximately $195 million in reserves for this exposure. Two-thirds of which are recorded either as ACRS are IBNR. Our mortgage segment had an excellent quarter with combined ratio of 11.7%, due in part to favorable prior-year development of $72.9 million.  The decrease in net premiums earned on a sequential basis was attributable to a combination of higher levels of premium ceded, a lower level of earnings from single premium policy terminations, and lower U.S. primary mortgage insurance monthly premiums, due to lower premium yields from recent originations, which were of excellent credit quality. While approximately two-thirds of the favorable clean development came from [Indiscernible], related to better than expected cure activity and recoveries on second lien loans. We also saw favorable prior year development across our other mortgage units includes our CRT portfolio and our international MI operations. Consistent with historical practice, we maintain a prudent approach and setting loss reserves, especially in light of the uncertainty we are facing with borrowers exiting forbearance programs and moratoriums on foreclosures. The delinquency rate for our US MI book came in at 2.36% at the end of the quarter, more than 50% lower than the peak we observed at the end of the second quarter of 2020. Production levels were down from last quarter, certainly a typical outcome given the seasonality in new purchases, and also partially, as a result of the lower level of refinance activity due to higher interest rates. Offsetting lower origination activity in the quarter is the improving persistency rate now at 62.4%. We expect persistency to keep improving throughout 2022 on the heels of lower refinance activity. This goes well for our insurance in force portfolio. And accordingly, the returns we can generate on our mortgage business.  Income from operating affiliates stood at 40.6 million. Again, an excellent result primarily as a result of contributions from Coface and summer's reef. We are pleased with the returns these investments have generated for us so far. Total investment return for our investment portfolio was 39 basis points on a US dollar basis for the quarter. And net investment income was $90.5 million this quarter up slightly, in part due to slightly higher dividends on equity investments. The duration of our portfolio remains low at 2.7 years at the end of the quarter, basically unchanged from last quarter and reflecting our internal view of the risk and return trade-offs in the fixed income markets. Alternative investments representing just under 15% of our total portfolio performed well this year, returning 12.6%.  The portfolio we have constructed has a slightly heavier bent towards debt strategies and should produce we believe, returns that are relatively less volatile over time given the level of diversification across sectors and geographies. Amortization of intangibles was $33.1 million up sequentially as a result of the acquisition of Westpac LMI and Somerset Bridge Group Limited which were completed in the third quarter. For your modeling purposes, we are currently forecasting an amortization expense of $110 million for the full 2022 year which is expected to be recognized evenly throughout the year. The effective tax rate on pre -tax operating income was 4.7% in the quarter, reflecting the geography mix of our pre -tax income and a 2% benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter.  That discrete tax items in the quarter primarily relate to a partial release in evaluation allowance on certain international deferred tax assets. For 2022, we would expect our tax rate on pre -tax operating income to be in the 8% to 10% range based on current tax laws. Turning briefly to risk management, our natural account PML on a net basis stood at $748 million as of January 1 or 5.9% of tangible common equity which remains well below our internal limit at the single event 1250 year return level. Our peak zone PML is currently in the Northeast U.S. On the capital front, we repurchased approximately 8.7 million common shares at an aggregate cost of $362.1 million in the fourth quarter.  And as Mark mentioned, we repurchased almost 31.5 million shares at an average price of $39.20 in 2021. Our remaining share repurchase authorization currently stands at $1.18 billion. Finally, I wanted to take a quick moment to thank over our over 5,000 colleagues around the globe in what has certainly been a challenging period. Without their ongoing commitment to Arch and its constituents, we certainly won't have been able to generate and report record earnings today as we closed the books on our 20th year. Your efforts and dedication are truly appreciated. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you if you have a question at this time, [Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Good morning. My first question follows up on just some of Francois concluding comments going to capital management. Recognizing where your stock is today, can we just get some updated thoughts at how you guys think about share repurchase at these levels? And if at some point the valuation continues to expand, would you consider the use of a dividend to return capital to shareholders?
Marc Grandisson: Well, as you know, the top of mine and top priority for us, is to put the capital to work in the business. And we're seeing plenty of opportunities to continue in our growth trajectory, so I'd say that remains the key focus. But as you saw last year, you had no question that we've accumulated a bit of capital that we didn't have the options to deploy and put to work, so yeah, we did return a fair amount to shareholders last year. What ends up happening in 2022 is a bit of an unknown. We'll keep looking at our opportunities.  Certainly, if you have the 1.3 times book multiple is something that we've looked at, and we talked about a three-year payback and how we look at share repurchases. But the business is doing very well, so I'd say that the current prices are maybe a little bit above where the three-year payback might come into play. But there's also other things, all other factors we consider and I'd say, that to your final question, like, would we think about a dividend, that's something we discuss with the Board regularly. And right now, as you know, we haven't declared a dividend, but things could change down the road.
Elyse Greenspan: And then Mark, I think you said that the earnings mix to allocate investment income between the segments is around [Indiscernible] was around 50-50. Sorry. If you think about them, that can for 2022. Would that sway more in the direction of P&C or mortgage? Or how do you see that earnings mix playing out over the coming year?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I think it will slightly go towards P&C. I mean, absent cats and everything else, obviously at least, as you know. But overall I would expect to be seen at 50. Maybe a bit more towards the P&C as we go forward. Okay. And then one last one at the [Indiscernible] the process of rolling out some capital changes. And I know we're in the middle of the comment per year, but I wasn't sure if you guys can just share with us just some high level thoughts just on what they put out there at how could potentially impact our Arch. Thank you
Elyse Greenspan: Sure.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah. Listen, it's comprehensive. We obviously are studying it pretty deeply. We've got a large team internally that's focused on [Indiscernible] because it touches everything, right? It touches mortgage, it touches cat losses, and it touches reserve risk, so all the risk charges investments. There's a lot of things that are being suggested by S&B as to how they want to move forward and we'll be ready and we'll certainly most likely respond to their RFC in the coming weeks. And we'll see how that plays out. But big picture, I'd say its [Indiscernible] there's pluses and minuses as you'd expect. There are things that we think are [Indiscernible] we've been working with them over the last few years and trying to address, and looks like there are some changes coming through potentially, and some that we, I'd say didn't expect and maybe a bit more punitive and we'll adjust as time goes on. But still a bit of a ways to go before we have finality, and have the clear picture on what this all will mean for everybody.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker: Thank you. I was hoping you might help us think about other going forward. We have summers, we have Coface. What's sort of thoughts can you give us about the run rate goals for that unusual line and even the P&L and what sort of volatility should we expect from it?
Marc Grandisson: Well, certainly I'd say, that this quarter maybe the first [Indiscernible] it is the first quarter where we, let's say, there's no I call it noise, right? It's more recurring business as usual for both of them and also premier and all the other smaller investments that we haven't had operating affiliates. We as you know, in the balance sheet, we've got over call it a billion dollars of investments or equity in those vehicles. There's a reason why we made the investments, we think they can generate good returns for us. And that's how I would think about it. On your side, I'd say what kind of ROE should I expect from those businesses over the last [Indiscernible] over the 2022 period, given there's a billion dollars invested? I will let you can make your decisions on that are model it out, but that's how we would suggest maybe you think about it, as an ROE basis given there's a billion dollars or so [Indiscernible].
Francois Morin: And Josh you actually have one that's coming from Coface, obviously, was a public company that's helpful to you guys and also in the rear. So you had a good sense of where we're going the next quarter. On the summers, which is the old walk through it I think, it's fair to say that it would track a P&C return. It would tend to stand at this looking like a P&C insurance company. So I will describe those return just to help you give you a sense of the magnitude and the relative magnitude between the two.
Josh Shanker: And then in a little bit of shrinkage on the mortgage side of things, if you can talk about your rankings, mortgage reinsurance, insurance, share buyback. They're all attractive I know, where are the best returns right now?
Marc Grandisson: I think from a cut-down I would say that mortgage is still just currency, right? Because longer-term they might have different, that's also why I'd explained a couple of quarters back that you maybe positioning yourself in areas where the returns maybe not as high comparatively but there's a longer-term reason for this. For the high level right now, Josh, mortgage is number one, number two, I would say is reinsurance and three is insurance but [Indiscernible] and the investment income potentials in the future improving will again bring up the insurance and reinsurance. But they're not very much different from one another. I mean, there used to be a lot wider difference between them three or four years ago as you know, but now the market the hardening market on the P&C side has made them all very, very favorable and very attractive. On the share repurchase you heard Francois say so, where [Indiscernible] what we bought it at, and what we think of it. So it's still always a possibility and I would say on the capital management, as Francois mentioned, [Indiscernible] only returns specific in [Indiscernible] in terms of returning it, if we don't [Indiscernible] if we can't find anything more interesting to work with, a higher return. But I think right now we have a lot of opportunity.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much.
Marc Grandisson: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tracy Benguigui: I would like to touch on the expense ratio. Francois, you mentioned increased contingent commission accruals on profitable business. And I'm assuming you mean with MGU maybe you could just walk us through how that structure works. I think there's a multiyear look-back period and where I'm going with it is essential, if there's a lot of in calculating that profit sharing component, should we expect this profit sharing components sticking around for a while to catch up with all the good work you've done on underwriting profitability?
Francois Morin: Well, as you can imagine, there is lots of different types of agreements with all our producers, U.S. international. And so going into the specifics would take a lot of time, but I'd say at a high level, no question that if we book a lower loss ratio on business in some situations that does trigger a higher contingent commission and that has to go hand-in-hand and how we accrue it, how we book it in the quarter. As long as the business is performing well and then yes, it gets [Indiscernible] the settlements take place over a period of time with true-ups, etc. But at a higher level, no question that, as long as the business performs well and the loss ratio has remained half the level they are at right now, we would expect commensurate levels of contingent commission to be there in place over time.
Tracy Benguigui: Got it. And then, on the same topic. I mean, basically, I'm just curious, what are you writing that cost you more besides maybe travel business? So I was looking at the changes in our business mix, basically something that pops up, maybe it's professional lines in insurance and (Re)insurance, it bounces around more quarter-to-quarter. So if you could just provide more context about the business mix changes that we're really driving at, as well as the direction of ceding commissions.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, absolutely. It's a very good question. I think that if you look at the structure on [Indiscernible] starting with the insurance group, it's [Indiscernible] similar phenomenon but different reasons on the reinsurance side. On the insurance side, programs is also something that we are growing, we also smolder risk. In the professional lines, we do a lot of private DNO and not-for-profit DNO, for instance, that comes with a much higher expense ratio than you would have normally with a larger commercial enterprises, so that's one example. We also are increasing our footprint in the UK, which also carries a higher acquisition cost. So I would tend to think on the insurance side is a size of risks, the fact that we trapped absent travel.  There is risk that we write some cyber as well, primarily small risks that's also carrying [Indiscernible] because it's primary and small accounts will have a higher acquisition expense ratio. So the size of the risk is what makes it on the insurance on the insurance side, accident, travel, which is also a small risk to be fair. On the reinsurance side, Tracy, as you know, it's a lot, a quota share is a big, big difference. You could have an expense ratio and acquisition ratio on the excess of loss, which is 10 to 15. It could be 30, 33 on the quota share basis. So that really will [Indiscernible] we've been growing both on the insurance side for the small risks and on the reinsurance side on our quarter share participation. So that is just the price of getting access to the business that we have to pay for.
Tracy Benguigui: So we're on the [Indiscernible] commission?
Marc Grandisson: Say it again?
Tracy Benguigui: And if you could comment on the ceding commission.
Marc Grandisson: The ceding commissions are [Indiscernible] have been stable to slightly up on the reinsurance but not significantly. They are a bit more stable for the last year and a half than they have been in other harder markets, that's one thing that's really intriguing, but I guess it makes sense in terms of the economic returns in the pricing that's coming through on the primary side. But the increase itself in ceding commission is not what's driving the acquisition expense ratio, it's truly the type of business in the mix that we are writing.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, great. Thanks. A follow-up on the maybe I'm reading too much into this, but on the increase in the expense ratio specifically, I believe probably the acquisition expense ratio, but maybe also the other portion of the expense ratio in the primary insurance segment. So I believe you said some of it was due to increased profitability or contingent commissions, but I guess if I'm looking at the overall combined ratio for that segment for the year, it was 96 and changed. And for the quarter was 93, I thought we were shooting for overall profitably being better than that in other years, or maybe even this year. So I didn't think profitability was much better than expected. Any thoughts there?
Marc Grandisson: Well, obviously, you got a slice it down by the lines and by line of business. So the agreements, they're not on the overall profitability. So sometimes we have [Indiscernible] we do have some books of business that are doing extremely well and commissions go up with that. The other thing that I mentioned and I think is not insignificant, is the fact that we are retaining a bit more in some lines of business, and that moves the economics, I'd say, right? So you're going to get a bit less sitting commissions that are maybe higher in some places. And you retain more net than that at a better loss ratio going forward. So that's something to [Indiscernible] that also impacts the overall acquisition. I'd say at a high level, there's no question that there's a bit of noise this quarter, but it's not something that has us extremely worried at this point. I think it's very much a quarterly kind of a bit of noise.  There's a bit of again, recovery from COVID like last year, quarter-over-quarter, we are still in the [Indiscernible] very deep into the COVID crisis with no travel, etc. So there's other reasons that impact all the our expense ratio in total, I'd say at a high level, we think it's a bit elevated this quarter, but not really a costs are concerned. And like you're quoting numbers that include cat events like actual cat events. If you do it ex-cat, which is probably a better reflection on the unloading margins, it's really going down from 95 to 91 for the year. So we are getting improved margin. One could argue whether it's will be more or less, but it's pretty much an improvement that we saw the last 12 months. So it's [Indiscernible] your numbers was cute somewhat with a cat events, I believe.
Mike Zaremski: No. You're right. I probably should have quoted maybe ex-cat too, but although the cats matter, but and also good point on the [Indiscernible] your net to gross is keeping.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And that's helpful. And maybe just switching gears to capital and inorganic growth, I guess one of the MIs hit the tape that they are potentially exploring a sale. If another MI buys another mortgage insurer is one plus one still less than two, or have come dynamics you think maybe changed over recent years?
Marc Grandisson: It's a good question because our understanding was that the GSEs and it's really [Indiscernible] you know, we have to talk to the people in Washington and Virginia to understand what they think about this, was that there was a preference to have more [Indiscernible] no, not lesser amount that they might provide us more diversification, so we'll see what happens. There's not much gain and benefit and scale in combining two MI companies, I mean, you still [Indiscernible] all the capital models and whatnot are linear. So there's not really a saving of capital.  I think there will probably be some net loss on a market share. I think we saw ourselves some of it from the [Indiscernible] when we acquired UG. So it's not one plus one is not equal to 1.5, but it was a little bit of a loss on the market share. So that's probably not 1 plus 1 equals 2 or plus. So I don't know what's going to happen. I don't know what people have in mind. I think to me, our core principle about MI and the way we've operated stays which is it's always better in a multi-line diversified platform, and that's not going away. I would say that some of the S&P new modeling is appreciating and recognizing that. So that's my view, at least. I think the more sensible thing would be for these MI to find another home somewhere else outside of the MI arena. But I'm not a predictor of this, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: So that's helping. So you mentioned the S&P capital model will the diversification get an increased benefits? So [Indiscernible]
Marc Grandisson: In general only MI, in general there's better diversity and credit, the more diversified you are, which again speaks to our model, which makes sense to us.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle of RBC. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle: Yeah. Good morning. Couple of questions related to MI. First in the quarter, it looked like the average paid claim [Indiscernible] average paid cost per claim was around 51,000, it's been lying more in the 30s. Is there anything in particular that accounts for the uptick, maybe some large claims or something. It's a one-off really, it's a settlement with a servicer that took place this quarter that was for pre -crisis claims. So definitely a one-off here. And then a second question related to MI, just really a clarification. The reserve releases that you did in the quarter are we don't understand that those related to the reserves set up when COVID began, or maybe where these reserves related to other time periods or other classes of reserve?
Marc Grandisson: We made the point in the past that we have a hard time to some extent isolating COVID from non-COVID claims, but still more than half is for reserves that we had set up before COVID. So I mean, the vast majority or the majority is if you want to go and just appear as a when they were set up is pre first-quarter 2020.
Mark Dwelle: Okay thank you. And the last question I had was really more of a general market kind of question. Maybe for Mark. Are you seeing any signs in the insurance or Reinsurance businesses of competitors taking more aggressive pricing stances? I mean, basically getting at is the insurance clock getting towards 12 o'clock or are we still firmly at 11 o'clock?
Marc Grandisson: Probably like the longest 11 o'clock that we'll see in our lifetime. I think that if you look at the risks that are ahead of us, you still have climate to deal with, you still have inflation concerns, which I guess leads to reserve, potential reserve questioning or analysis, cyber risk, and COVID reopening. There's a lot of stuff going on right now that sort of leads the whole market to be a lot more careful and thoughtful. So the market is always competitive, right? There's always competition out there. But right now what we are, it's a very disciplined market and we're not seeing anything. We haven't seen anything and we're not seeing anything percolating that would indicate that this would change for 2022.
Mark Dwelle: Thank you. That's all my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. If I go back to the contingent commission question, I guess it's clear that underlying profitability is getting better? So we expect that smoother recognition of contingent commission accruals in 2022?
Marc Grandisson: Not necessarily, because Meyer, the release of profit commission or contingent commissions is dependent on loss fix, so we tend to take our beautiful time to make sure we have all the data available to make those contingent commission so can be spotty. But we can make a decision to look at two or three underwriting years and have that adjustment made. And we accrue for some of it, but we don't always accrue to the full extent of the ultimate. The losses actually drive these contingent commissions. So this is [Indiscernible] so it's really spotty, it's very hard to predict.
Meyer Shields: Okay. So that's fair. I just want to understand the process. Second question, I think Francois had talked about maybe reducing the sessions on some quota share contracts in insurance, so less of an offset. Does that outpace or trail the loss ratio improvements that you should anticipate from keeping that business?
Marc Grandisson: Let me [Indiscernible] I make sure, so, are you saying that? Repeat your question differently, I'm not sure I got exactly where you want to get to Meyer. I apologize.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Let me try again. So [Indiscernible] is going up because you're ceding less business that has high ceding commissions.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah.
Meyer Shields: Just hoping that you can frame that relative to the last ratio improvements that we should expect because you're keeping more profitable business.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So if we're keeping more profitable business, the loss ratio would [Indiscernible] everything else being equal go down.
Meyer Shields: Right. By more than the increase in acquisition expense.
Marc Grandisson: Possibly. It's hard to say right [Indiscernible]
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Marc Grandisson: [Indiscernible] from the get-go. I think we made these economic decisions, it's kind of a hard one to pin down. Sometimes the [Indiscernible] what you see that's capital, capital with return, that's different than the pure combined ratio. So there's a lot of things going on. It's more [Indiscernible] it's not only about the pure combined ratio. The return is improving, that's what matters to us.
Francois Morin: Directionally, I think we're [Indiscernible] we don't disagree with what you're saying. I think the precision or the timing at which everything happens is less [Indiscernible] it's not precise, I would say [Indiscernible] I would assume. Directionally, I think its right, yeah.
Marc Grandisson: Better return.
Meyer Shields: Okay. I completely understand. And one big picture question if I can. Anything [Indiscernible] everything that you're saying Mark about the cycle lasting longer. Because of concerns on the loss trend side. I guess why rates are going up. Why do you think rates are still going up more than loss trends?
Marc Grandisson: Well, that's definitely question Meyer. That's one that we should probably have the BARDA corn and all kidding aside, I think that it's probably a recognition that this uncertainty is what creates the need for more margin safety. I think that when you're faced with uncertain pick-up in inflation, I mean, we had a 7% roughly inflation print this morning. When you have a high number that comes like this, it comes as the shocker. So I think that people are being preempting, preempting in making sure that they cover as much of the base as they can. I think the insurance industry for what it's worth has been very disciplined and is acting in a very profitable way and I think over the last 2 years, it recognizes that the risk is building up and need to price better, price higher because there's more risk of sliding a bit slide sideways. So I think it's an appropriate and very welcome change. A very [Indiscernible] if this is in the market is pretty good from that perspective.
Meyer Shields: Thanks [Indiscernible].
Marc Grandisson: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thanks. I got two questions for you guys. First one, I'm just curious, I know there was a block of stock of [Indiscernible] to trade and you all didn't bite. Was there any regulatory reasons you couldn't do it? Or is that just a capital allocation decision that, you don't want to own the whole thing?
Francois Morin: Well, not at all. I think the existing shareholder wanted to sell and very much [Indiscernible] very [Indiscernible] much easier for them to do it the way they did it. Then, to come to us and at which point, yes, we would've had to go to the regulators and that would take them weeks if not months. And the whole approval process would have maybe dragged on. So I think they wanted speed over maybe better execution and that's what they got deal in doing it the way they did.
Brian Meredith: So is that profit state less strategic for you than going forward?
Francois Morin: Not at all. To be candid, I mean, they even come to us offering it up to, I mean, they just went ahead on their own instead of coming to us and saying, would you be interested in buying the 10% or 12% we want to get rid of or we don't want anymore. They just went through their own process because again, they knew that we trip the requirements that we'd have to do a tender and all of that, which would have taken again longer. So that was their decision and we respect it. But going forward strategically, I mean, we still look at profiles and it's been very good to us so far, and we keep thinking about how we, if and when, or how we do things differently going forward.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then, first of all, let me just clarify one comment you made earlier in talking about kind of repurchasing your stock and I understand that you want that 3 year payback period, which is the other considerations and I understand that. But does that mean that with your stock trading just a little over one for book value right now, that you would not be buying back stock right now? It's your return profile doesn't fit that.
Francois Morin: Well. It's never black and white but I'd say that the forward-looking returns that we see for how we think about the business and better profitability over three years, it's higher than 10%, right? So you could kind of stretch it a bit more than 1.3 times book. And so it's [Indiscernible] I'll stop here. I'd say we could consider going above 1.3 times book, very much as a function of how we think about the business and what kind of profitability we see coming our way.
Marc Grandisson: I think Brian, I would say, you know this as well, right. I mean, there are a couple of things happening for instance, on the MI side that might change that what we perceive to be the real book value of the company. So these are also considerations that could be way outside of the return possibility going forward. That's one exemplary.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Well, thank you everyone want to thank our employees, as Francois mentioned as well, and sometimes they run the corners so make sure you take care of your loved one this weekend. On to the next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2021 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session and instruction will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also, will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Liz. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. We are pleased to have delivered solid results this quarter as our operating units generated a 9.3% annualized operating return on equity and a 12.5% annualized net income ROE despite an active catastrophic quarter. Premium writings and rate growth remains strong in our P&C unit, driving solid fundamental earnings while our mortgage insurance unit again produced excellent results. The current market condition allow us to demonstrate the value of our diversified platform and underwriting strength as they provide us with plenty of opportunities to deploy capital and generate an expected return on equity in the mid teens. In the broader P&C arena, we continue to see the market hardening along with ample evidence that our industry is addressing the adequacy of pricing across most sectors. The trajectory and market acceptance of rate increases reinforce why we remain optimistic that improved economics in the P&C market will be sustainable for some time. As you know, the P&C industry is facing many degrees of uncertainty; heightened care activity in four of the last five years, rising inflation, COVID ongoing influence on a global economy and enduring low interest rates. When faced with escalating risk, underwriters need both rate increases and conservative loss estimates in order to build adequate margins of safety into premium levels. With our agile underwriting, established teams and strong capital position, we are well equipped to grow into this improving market. Turning now to our operating units. We’ll begin with insurance, where our early focus on strengthening our underwriting capabilities and seizing recent market opportunities is working. Gross written premiums continued to grow substantially up 32% over the same quarter in 2020 and our accident year combined ratio ex-cats improved to 90.5%. This is another indication of the progress we have made in our specialty insurance business. We have been leaning into this hardening market for two years now as rate increases remain well above the long term loss cost trends and have spread to more lines than last year. Overall 2021 rates are up around 10% compared to 2020 and we expect that the benefit of higher premium levels will be realized well into 2023 enhancing our expected returns for that period. This quarter had many bright spots including positive rate increases have accelerated and lower limits account. These lines have previously lagged the increases in larger accounts that is no longer the case. Two, our early focus on Lloyds and business in the UK has improved our scale and our economics in this market. Three, some of our business lines that were most impacted by COVID, like travel are recapturing some of the lost volume, as both business and consumer travel increases. In summary, our specialty insurance group is making the most of the current opportunities. Pivoting now to our reinsurance group. It delivered strong growth in the quarter with gross written premiums up nearly 25% over the same period in 2020. On a net basis reported growth was only a modest 3% versus the same quarter in 2020 due to a catch up in sessions to Watford following the purchase of the company with our partners at July 1. Francois will provide more detail during his comments. But absent this one-off transaction, reinsurance net return premium growth was still very strong at 30% and our outlook remains favorable as similar to instruments, we’re experiencing broad rate increases in our specialty and casualty reinsurance lines. In the quarter our reinsurance segments reported a combined ratio of 106%, reflecting the effects of the third quarter caps, primarily Ida and the Central European floods. But reinsurance accident year combined ratio ex-cat is excellent at 83.2%. There are signs that property market rates could adjust higher due to cat fatigue, as you’ve likely heard on other calls this quarter. The recent five year period of elevated losses from catastrophes proves an important insurance adage. Losses don’t know the level of the premium. There are also early indications that retro sessional and aggregate excess of loss protections are becoming increasingly hard to come by and we believe that this will be reflected in higher property rates broadly. As you know, we were and remain judicious in the deployment of our cat PML, which was effectively flat in the third quarter. At less than 6% of our tangible equity, we remained under weighed in net property cat exposure and we will deploy more capital to the line as expected returns improve above our target. It’s too early to make a call on a January 1 renewal process, but pricing in this sector is heavily influenced at the margins and if ILS or other capacity phase, there is a possibility for significant rate corrections and increased engagement on our part. In the meantime, our reinsurance teams are demonstrating their agility and like insurance are leaning hard into the markets where returns are most attractive. Thirdly, our mortgage group continues to deliver exceptional returns. It generated $234 million of underwriting profit in the third quarter and continues its impressive rebound from last concerns associated with the pandemic. At September 30, insurance in force of $457 billion for the segment was up modestly. Further good news is that notices of default have declined to pre-pandemic levels at September 30, which is a good indicator of improved conditions. Additionally, loans in forbearance continue to decline as federal programs conclude and we remain cautiously optimistic that most of these loans will ultimately cure. Rising home prices have broadly increased homeowner equity and you will recall our position that equity levels are the best indication of whether a delinquency will ultimately result in a loss. We estimate that 98% of our loans in forbearance today have at least 10% equity, providing significant protection against potential losses. Overall, the MI market remains competitive but rational and our business continues to generate returns on capital in the mid teens. Mortgage originations continue to pay similar to last year’s record origination volume and credit quality remains excellent. As you know in all of our operations, we actively manage capital to enhance shareholder returns. The strong result in our mortgage segments have enabled us to optimize our capital structure via increased reinsurance sessions through our Bellemeade mortgage insurance-linked notes as well as traditional reinsurance. Additional reinsurance purchases enable us to reallocate capital towards faster growing areas and specialty property and casualty lines while enhancing our return profile and MI by reducing required capital. MI remains a very attractive business for us. Now a point of pride and interest to us and perhaps to you all is that last Saturday, October 23 Arch celebrated its 20 year anniversary. So I want to say to our investors, thank you for believing in us and to our employees past and present, thank you for your contributions to Arch for last 20 years and our client for showing support and conviction in our capacity to provide products to you. Finally, the PGA Tour is in Bermuda this weekend, so golf is top of mind. A golf tournament is interesting in that it takes place over several days and therefore consistency is critical. You have to be sure to pick your spot and lower your score. But if you want to make the cut, you have to limit the bogeys early so that you can play more aggressively in the stretch. And then once you get to the weekend, you can play with a bit more freedom and really try for the birdies and eagles. At this point in the cycle, we feel we’ve made the cut and now we focus on really taking advantage of our positioning to make sure we end up at the top of the leader board. Francois?
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc. And good morning to you all on this first day of the Butterfield Bermuda championship here in Bermuda. Thanks for joining us today. Before providing more color on our solid third quarter results, you will have observed that while our earnings release still makes a distinction between core and consolidated for purposes of comparison to prior periods, there is no difference between the two presentations this quarter. As we discussed on the last call the closing of the Watford transaction on July 1 gave rise to a reconsideration event and as a result of our updated VIE analysis, we no longer consolidate the results of Watford in our financial results. Our 40% share of Watford results is now reported in the income from operating affiliates line and there is no longer a need to make a distinction between core and consolidated results in our financials. As Marc shared earlier, our after tax operating income for the quarter was $294.7 million or $0.74 per share, resulting in an annualized 9.3% operating return on average common equity and book value per share increase to $32.43 at September 30, up 1.3% in the quarter, a very solid result in light of the catastrophe activity that was much higher than the long term average for this quarter, which we estimate that over $45 billion uninsured losses for the P&C industry approximately three times the average third quarter cat losses observed over the last 10 years. This quarter, I wanted to first give you some additional detail on the results of our reinsurance operations which were impacted by the Watford acquisition especially on the top line. As part of the agreement signed at the beginning of the year with our co-investors in Watford we committed to ceding varying percentages of the premium written by our Bermuda and U.S. treaty reinsurance operations to Watford effectively enhancing the existing business model to also serve as a sidecar for Arch. While their retrocession agreements were effective as of the start of the year, their signing was contingent on the transaction closing which delayed their recognition in our income statement until this quarter. As a result, the third quarter ceded written premium reflects a catch up of approximately 161.2 million from the first half of the year. The impact of the premium catch up adjustment on underwriting income for the reinsurance segment was minimal. Growth in gross written premium remained strong at 24.6% on a quarter-over-quarter basis, and growth in net written premium would have come in at 29.5% adjusting for the Watford catch up. The growth was observed across most of our lines but especially in our casualty, other specialty and property other than property catastrophe lines or strong rate increases and growth in new accounts helped increase the top line. The segment’s accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 83.2% compared to 83.1% on the same basis one year ago. On a year-to-date basis, the ex-cat accident year combined ratio has improved by approximately 250 basis points over the same period last year reflecting the improving underwriting results and most of the lines in which we write. In the insurance segment, net written premium grew 40% over the same quarter one year ago and the segments accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 90.5% lower by approximately 360 basis points from the same period one year ago; excellent results across the board, which demonstrate the progress or insurance segment has made over the last three plus years and improving its performance and provide us with optimism on the underlying quality of our franchise going forward. Losses from 2021 catastrophic events in the quarter net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums stood at $335.9 million, or 17.4 combined ratio points compared to 12.5 combined ratio points in the third quarter of 2020. As noted in our pre-release, our P&C operations were impacted by Hurricane Ida, the European flooding events of July as well as a series of other events across the globe. Our mortgage segment had an excellent quarter with a combined ratio of 26.2% reflecting favorable prior development of $48.4 million about half of which came from U.S. MI from better than expected cure activity in pre-pandemic delinquencies and recoveries on second lien loans. And the other half from our CRT portfolio and international MI. The decrease in net premiums on a sequential basis was primarily attributable to lower levels of single premium terminations in the quarter for U.S. MI business and to a lower level of call to CRT transaction than what was observed in the second quarter. Recall the second quarter benefited from higher earned premiums due to an unusually high number of CRT transactions being called which we highlighted as effectively being a non-recurring event. The delinquency rate for U.S. MI book came in at 2.67% at the end of the quarter, a material reduction from the peak we observed at the end of the second quarter one year ago. We had another solid quarter in terms of production, mostly from the purchase market and with refinance activity coming down from prior levels the insurance in force for our U.S. MI book grew slightly. The increase from last quarter in the insurance in force of our international mortgage unit is mostly the result of the acquisition of Westpac Lenders Mortgage Insurance Limited in early August. Although income from operating affiliates grew significantly to $124.1 million it is worth noting that approximately $95.7 million of the total is attributable to a one time operating gains resulting from the acquisition of a 40% stake in Watford which was offset in part by a realized loss upon deconsolidation with a resulting net income gain of $62.5 million. The remainder of the operating income from affiliates represents our share of the net income generated this quarter by our operating affiliates, which consists primarily of Watford, Coface and Premia. Total investment return for our investment portfolio was de-minimis on a U.S. dollar basis for the quarter. Net investment income was $88.2 million during the quarter down by $1.2 million on a sequential basis, driven by lower coupons on fixed maturities and lower income on consolidated funds. The duration of our portfolio remains low at 2.68 years at the end of the quarter, reflecting our internal view of the risk and return tradeoffs in the fixed income markets. Equity and net income of investment funds accounted for using the equity method produced $105.4 million during the quarter, more than half of the total income generated by our investment portfolio and a key contributor to the growth in our book value. As we discussed on prior calls, we have increased our allocation to alternative investments in the last few years and these funds now represent approximately 12% of our total portfolio at the end of the quarter. We are also very pleased with their performance so far this year which stands at 13% year-to-date. Of note, had we included income from funds using the equity method in our definition of operating income, our reported operating ROE would have increased by 3.2% on a year-to-date basis to 13.3%. While these funds returns are potentially more volatile than core fixed income strategies, we believe the incremental returns they provide more than compensate for the liquidity constraints and volatility that are usually associated with them. The effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was a benefit of 0.7% in the quarter reflecting changes in the full year estimated tax rate, the geography mix of our pre-tax income and an 8.2% benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. The discrete tax items in the quarter primarily relate to partial release in the valuation allowance on certain U.K. deferred tax assets. Now a quick comment on the two acquisitions that we closed on this quarter, Westpac and Somerset Bridge. You will have seen that in accordance with purchase gap we established approximately 337.4 million of intangibles and goodwill this quarter most of which will be amortized through our income statement going forward. To help with your modeling efforts, we now expect our amortization expense to be approximately $25 million in the fourth quarter of this year and $21 million quarterly throughout 2022. On the capital front we redeemed all of our outstanding series e-non cumulative preferred shares for $450 million on September 30. Separately we repurchased approximately 9.7 million common shares at an aggregate cost of $386.9 million in the third quarter. If we include the additional common shares we have purchased in the fourth quarter the year-to-date totals are now approximately 24 million shares or 5.9% of the common shares outstanding at the beginning of the year for $917.7 million. Some of the additional share repurchases in the fourth quarter were effectuated under the new share repurchase authorization of 1.5 billion approved by our Board of Directors earlier this month. As we have said since our formation 20 years ago, our core operating principles are anchored in active cycle and capital management. We believe this quarter results demonstrates our ability to execute on this philosophy and leads us to invest in opportunities where we believe the returns are most attractive. At recent prices and with the prospect of improving returns, we believe buying back our shares continues to represent another compelling value proposition for our shareholders without compromising or capital flexibility nor lessening the quality and strength of our balance sheet. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question Marc, you’re talking about the mortgage business you talked about buying more reinsurance. So there was more capital for growth on the P&C side, which I found interesting. In the past you spoken about mortgage running at around a 15 plus return and P&C kind of 10 to 12. Has the dynamics changed that that caused you to buy some more reinsurance to pursue more growth on the property casualty side?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I think all opportunities on the P&C side just have improved right over the last couple of years and I think we’re even more convinced of the length and that has legs for the foreseeable future. So that makes us be more proactive to balance, if you will, the capital allocation between more than one year. I mean, we did rely heavily on a capital deployed in MI for quite a while because the returns in P&C as release weren’t as attractive. But now that we have a new attractive and increase and improve returns in the P&C, it behooves us to balance the risk profile in the portfolio. That’s one of the reasons why we would do some more reinsurance and again, the reinsurance also helps our return on the net basis as well which is also another benefit.
Elyse Greenspan: But are the returned numbers I gave still kind of where you see the three businesses. So 50% plus and then 10 to 12.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I would say on the P&C side, at least I would say it’s getting up is north of that now. I think we have our prospects closing, the gap is closing between MI and P&C if you will. 
Elyse Greenspan: So north of a higher than 12%.
Marc Grandisson: I would agree. Yes, I would think it’s the case, yes.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, in terms of capital, you guys put in place a 1.5 billion authorization. It sounds like you’ve bought back a little bit under that so far this quarter going through the end of next year. I know obviously, what you buyback depends upon the market also for your shares and the trading over the course of the next year. But when you put that in place was that designed to set a mark of what you will buyback, or either just other factors that could cause you to either fully buyback that level, or maybe come in lower, just help us kind of think through that as we think about capital return through 2022?
Marc Grandisson: Well, I mean, two things. I mean, we bought, we’re close to a billion dollars this year. So we don’t want to go back to the Board every three months and ask for more. So we thought, okay, what may we need, could we need by the end of 2022, over the next 15 months effectively, 1.5 billion that’s just a number that nice round number, nothing special about it. But are we committed to that number? The answer is absolutely not. If the market keeps improving and we have the ability to deploy your capital, all the capital and then some in the business, we may not end up buying anything back. So it’s really, again, a function of the market conditions and vice versa. If the market doesn’t really generate give us a lot of opportunities to grow, we might be in a position where we buyback more than not. So it’s really, again, it’ll be a function of what we see in front of us over the next 15 months. And if we end up going through the billion and a half sooner than next year, then we’ll do something else. So again, it’s very dynamic, very real time I’d say and we’ll see where things take us.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: So first, I’ve question on just what you’re seeing in terms of pricing both on the insurance and reinsurance side. And to what extent do you think price increases are going to hold versus may be especially on the reinsurance market? Seems like things have been getting a little bit softer over through the course of the year. But how do recently high catastrophes affect your view of what one knows?
Marc Grandisson: Right Jimmy. If we bifurcate the market into property cat you agree, I would tend to agree with you that the property cat raise did not increase as much as we had hoped collectively as an industry I would say not only at Arch, it’s not a single Arch phenomenon. Therefore, that’s why you saw us right less property cat over the last nine months as a reaction to those rate levels. It’s still early, like I said in my commentary, but I think we should have a re-pricing, definitely re-pricing in Europe and in the U.S. even for the layers that have been impacted, that’s for sure. And I think it would start to spill out even on to those that have not sustained a loss because I think there’s a recognition of heightened cat activity. And I think that the market is sort of bracing for that as we go forward. It’s going to be a matter of degree. On the rest of the marketplace I think that overall since if you look at the liability lines in general, overall you can think of in terms of a quarter share if you’ve got quarter share of casualty or liability lines you’re benefiting from the rate increases in the business and I think the ceding commissions which were held high through 2020 are starting to come down a little bit. So there’s a recognition that so there’s a bit of an improvement from that perspective and a quarter share on the excess of loss in general for liability, the ratio is stable to somewhat and is more stable, but again, you apply those rate against a base that is increasing in premium level. So they are also getting some price uplift. And I think that big as soon I mean, the reinsurance market, Jimmy feeds off of the insurance market, right in a positive way, I want to make sure it’s a positive message. We actually, we on the receiving end of a portion of what the insurance market writes and to the extent that interest market writes premium at a higher level, we are benefiting from those rate increases.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then can you quantify how much you’ve got in terms of COVID reserves, especially for business interruption and I’m assuming they’re mostly still IBNR as you’d been quantifying last year and just discuss what the process would be and the timeline would be for releasing these given that for the most part, it seems like the courts have been siding with the insurance companies at least thus far in the U.S.?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I would say, I mean, we’re still very much, a lot of IBNR and our COVID reserves more than half, 60% or so I’d say, call it COVID reserves on the P&C side are still IBNR. So and how quickly do we, well, we know or not know whether we’ll need those reserves time will tell. I think it’s where we said yes I don’t disagree that so far there have been a couple of positive developments from the cores, but it's going to take a while. I truly think this is a very complicated and issue that will take years to resolve. So I wouldn't expect us to really take dramatic action on the level of COVID reserves on the P&C side for some time.
Francois Morin: And Jimmy in our industry and insurance you could win 95 lawsuits and lose 96 and it changes everything. So there's a lot of uncertainty in our space, even though we've been a good streak one change could change everything.
Jimmy Bhullar: And what is the rough number of or rough dollar amount of reserves?
Francois Morin: That's a good question. I don't have it in front of me. We can circle back with you. I know we booked a few 100 million dollars last year and we paid some of that. I don't have the current figure, but we can give you that.
Marc Grandisson: We haven't changed ultimate Jimmy over the last three quarters.
Jimmy Bhullar: But it's not something like that's more maybe 2023/ 24 as opposed to 22 in terms of potential releases on these?
Marc Grandisson: There are releases. I will say yes it will probably take another year, year and a half and we might hold a little bit more longer for the reasons I just mentioned in terms of the court decisions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Wolf Research. 
Mike Zaremski: Great morning, afternoon. I guess some of the prepared remarks, when you guys were talking about the primary insurance segment, talked about kind of seeing rate acceleration actually in the lower limits kind of the smaller commercial space. Any theories on why that's happening? Is it due to loss cost trend increasing, because we're kind of you're seeing a fading of rate a little bit or deceleration in the large account space. So kind of curious if, if you guys have any views, maybe broadly to, on kind of loss cost trend given all the uncertainty during the pandemic on the primary insurance side?
Marc Grandisson: Well, the loss cost trend as we observe it, and it might change is still roughly 3% to 5% it depends on lines of business. But we have already changed our view on this at this point. And we had a loss reserve review, I believe, a couple of months ago. So then it's not changing, although we are putting in a loss ratio pick an extra level of margin of safety to make sure we wouldn't be missing because it could be higher as you know inflation is certainly another concern that we all have collectively as underwriters. In terms of my theory about why the smaller accounts get those rates right now, it's just, the market is a human psychology market. And pricing gets more acutely needed in a larger capacity play. This is where the market starts focusing its first efforts as the market hardens. And this is not unusual. This is a very, very normal phenomenon and hardening markets. You'll tend to try and fix those are more important, meaning you can put a 10 million to 15 million to 25 million limit, these are the ones you're going to try to fix right away, because presumably those will have caused you a bit more pain over the last two to three years, you were expecting more pains coming from that portfolio. And it's just a matter of time before people start looking sideways as to what other lines of business need rate. And then you start dipping down into your overall portfolio and seeing where the liability trends for instance, might also be impacted. And this is sort of a second round sort of a rippling effect from the main capacity providing players into the ones who have lower players and at the same time, to be fair, and to be I mean, to be truthful, you also have development ongoing happening on the smaller account at the same time. It's just not as acute and as glaring and as obvious early as a larger capacity play. That's why.
Mike Zaremski: That's interesting. It's helpful. Let me switching gears to mortgage segment. Just curious I know the forbearance levels continue to decrease. If you could remind us I believe there's some extensions to the forbearance program or maybe even new kind of enhanced programs where the P&I could be reduced if the payment can be reduced by up to 25%. Is that correct? And if so, are you seeing your borrowers utilize those options?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So right now the program is done expires at 930, expired at 930 in terms of foreclosure but, the forbearance I'm sorry. The foreclosure, it's still unclear because they could also come back and extend it further if things were to change and the CFPB is also involved with the FHFA saying that we don't want to have any more, there's a moratorium on the foreclosure process as well. So I think both federal entities are trying to push to go back to your last point of the question, push the mortgage loan or the mortgage originator and provider of providing solutions to the borrowers who are still in forbearance or not current on their payments. And to your point a lot of it is going to be continuous same payment, most of it is going to be continuing the same payment as prior to the COVID forbearance program and is attaching towards the end the lack of what wasn't paid, or what was accrued as unpaid at the end of the loan. So this is roughly what it's going to look like. But it's going to be another three quarters before we have more visibility because even though the forbearance programs stopped in 930, and people should come now to the banks, and to the mortgage originator and trying to remediate their position from a forbearance perspective, it's still going to take another six to nine months, and I think the agencies are watching carefully. So everything is heading towards a happy resolution, if you will, of the overall forbearance programs like everybody is focusing on this as of this point in time.
Mike Zaremski: And one last one sticking to mortgage and I could take this offline with, but just to want to the increased premium ceded as percentage of gross, is that due to Bellemeade and I guess if it is, can you guys continue to upsize the reinsurance usage in the segment, if you thought opportunistically you wanted to ship more growth towards other lines of business?
Francois Morin: Yes. That's very much in that vein, I think Marc made the point earlier. We're always looking to optimize the portfolio and certainly a lot of that is focused on capital deployment. We I think, made the point, last call that we had increased our quarter share percentages on the U.S. MI book at 71. So that's starting to play through basically and that is reflected. We are still very active in the Bellemeade space. So we're purchasing quite a lot there as well and I'd say those two things combined really explained why we have more ceded premium starting this quarter.
Mike Zaremski: Got it and there is more appetite, if you decided to do more, either quota or Bellemeade or both in the future? Are you kind of reaching kind of a max? 
Marc Grandisson: I mean I'd say we certainly do a lot of Bellemeade as it is. So I don't want to say we wouldn't do more, but it's I mean, we already are very active in that space and made big placements. So I wouldn't expect us to necessarily increase that vehicle, that mechanism to transfer risk a whole lot. And on the quota share, yes we see more we could, but then it's a risk return trade off and whether the economics work are reasonable or work in our favor, too. So right now we're happy where we're at. But if things change in the market gives us better opportunities we could conceivably see a bit more. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: Yes, good morning, everyone. This may not be the best math, but it's rough. I think you guys had the inventory of COVID era Moore's claims, about 120,000, you had about 90,000 cures. I'm estimating that you guys have about $20,000 up or notice right now in the portfolio, may not be exact. Historically, you've had about an average of $5,000 up for notice. It seems like the reserves are stuffed particularly if you tell us that 90%, 98% of the claims have at least $10,000 in equity. So, I mean, I'm trying to rectify all this like, can you explain to me I feel so I've asked this question before I just don't understand what's going on there?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think the answer is going to be very similar. So very good question. Hope you are -- by the police in back here. If you look at the average case reserved for annuities it's exactly 23,500 I believe it's in the supplement, you can look into it. And you're right. It was it went up from last year. The run rate pre-COVID was roughly 10,000, 11,000, 12,000, so it did increase. And was about 110,000 for claims that we got as well a COVID in the forbearance and about 78% of them have cured so far, so we’ve about 20,500. So [Indiscernible] we have about 31,770, I think is a number in terms of an NOD outstanding. When you multiply by 23, you’re right it would look on the high side, a couple things I will say here, number one is the average severity of the policies that are facing the COVID-19 are starting from 1819, we'd have a higher phase than the one we had as an NOD back in 2019. Those in 2019, were largely pre-2008. So you have to adjust for the level of coverage that has increased over the last 10-12 years. So that explains one why the 23 would be higher than 1113 historically. The second part of your question, which was where should it go, and this is where it's more art than science. Josh. We hear you. We are cautiously optimistic that it may not come to pass in terms of needing the reserves, and hopefully some of it will cure better than we anticipated. But I just want to remind everyone on call and as we remind ourselves all the time, it's that this is a political positioning. Things could change very quickly from the FHFA, the GSEs, or the housing department. So we need to be really careful and we've never been through that kind of event. So we are Arch as you know, and we will take a cautious, prudent approach to reserving. And if we happen not to need those reserves, as we do, typically, we'll be taking them by the hand from the liability side down to the capital side. We're not going to have let them stranded for a long time. But again, so much so many uncertainties Josh. We understand your puzzling. This is a very unusual situation for the industry. Therefore we have to and that's what we appear probably to be a little bit unusual in that we're reserving it.
Josh Shanker: And my second question unrelated. Can you talk about the differential, I guess the new business penalty, between a new business you're putting on the book, and legacy customers who you have a deep sense of their risk factors on those accounts? Is there a gap? Is the business that you're renewing, at better margins at least the way you're booking it to new business, given that more about the business you already have?
Marc Grandisson: I believe Josh, you're talking about P&C right. 
Josh Shanker: Yes. This is totally primary P&C not more.
Marc Grandisson: Right. That makes sense to me. So it's a really very astute question Josh because we're keeping track of the renewal rate versus a new business rate level. And symptomatic or as a representation of the hardening market, the pricing of the new business is coming higher than the renewal business and that's sort of speaks to the fact that they need a new home and they need to be re-priced, and people sort of get tired of that relationship and that goes back through them back into either the ENS or the mid market. So right now, we're still seeing, on average, the new business price better than renewal business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tracy Benguigui with Barclays.
Tracy Benguigui: Thank you. Just a big picture question. I’ve seen this quarter with you and your closer peer group is that the insurance growth is outpacing the more primary market focus players without reinsurance arm. Are you seeing a lot of market dislocation where you feel like you just do a better job assuming displaced risks that still meet your risk adjusted return hurdle?
Marc Grandisson: I would like to think we're better than the average guy out there. But the truth I think, overall, the dislocation was much larger in 2020. I think you're still seeing some dislocation right now. It's certainly not, there is still some repositioning of limits provided the market by a lot of players still as we speak. And I think what explains our ability to grow is, first we have a really well established presence and we were very underweight Tracy, historically. We are really, really a good market for people that want a good security for products such as DNO for instance, right. We're really good home for someone to take on new as an insurer, and we're sort of better we're definitely benefiting from that as an incumbent with a good quality, good reputation as we do. And also, I think the other thing that I want to mention, we had said that last year, we were suffering a little bit from, from a travel, lack of traveling that impacted our travel portfolio. That certainly helps right Tracy, the fact that economy is reopening and people traveling a bit more. That also helps explain why we're able to grow a bit more than probably meet the average than the average would. Lastly, I would say that beyond just new business funding new homes I think they are programs were also going in programs, as you see this is very specialty, smaller risk. I think that again another example of programs, finding a new home going away from the existing incumbent, possibly because of our results in finding a new home and we're definitely on the receiving end of that relationship.
Francois Morin: Yes. And one thing I'll add quickly, I think, both depending on the mix of business of what you call the more established and the traditional insurers I mean workers comp and commercial auto typically will make up bigger shares of their portfolio. Auto is moving up nicely, but I would say that certainly comp is and had a really good period of excellent results. So rate increases on the comp side have been pretty flattish. So again that's probably worth adjusting for comp because it's such a big line for some of these carriers.
Tracy Benguigui: And I'm wondering how much of that is structural in nature like, are others raising attachment points, and you're lowering attachment points or offering lower deductible? 
Marc Grandisson: No. We don't do that. No, we don't play that game. I think we would just be replacing most of our play typically on specialty lines Tracy is mid access versus second access is sort of what we play a lot of times and high access, of course, in certain our areas. So for the record Tracy we're not seeing any of the deductible being played out in the marketplace. And that's been fact, there are deductible increases, if anything else. We just see a lot of shortening of limit toward in the stacking. We saw that in 2020. It's ongoing as we speak, instead of adding stretch of 25. I'm talking about a larger placements. You'll have stretches of 10 or 5 or 5 or 10, really in 15, perhaps till saying but there's a lot more players needed to fill up the towers. That's definitely happening more so. It's still continuing to some extent less sort of in 2020.
Tracy Benguigui: And then just shifting to reinsurance where are you seeing your favorable reserve development coming from? 
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I mean, the vast majority, and we'll talk to it obviously in the Q1 the vast majority is in short tail lines, I mean, I'd say probably 80% in short tail lines. Mostly property other than cat where we've grown a lot in the last couple of years, and while the tail is always a bit longer than we think it should be, it's still we have a pretty good idea to three years out after writing the policy or the account and we're seeing a lot of that coming through in this quarter, a bit of favorable development on prior year cats as well. And a bit on trade credit and surety from a few years ago where we had some reserves that proved out to be a bit more required. So we released those this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. This is a cycle management question, I guess for Marc. When if ever do we decide that there's never going to be an appropriate hard market and property patent just get out of the line?
Marc Grandisson: I think that by virtue of well, first, I'm an optimist. I've always been an optimist. I've heard so many times over the last 27 years from some of our own underwriters that there will never be a hard market again. And when I hear this it's music to my ears because that means we're cruising for bruises. So I think that things will get better and get at some point. It may not be this quarter, but might at some point. Numbers speak for themselves. If you lose money every year people just get disenchanted and just walk away from. It's happened early storms in Europe, 92 Andrews earthquake in California 94, terrorist attack Katrina, Rita and Wilma. I mean there's always changes and it's not I rattled by five or six of them. And you got to believe that the world is a dangerous place Meyer. So I think something will happen and again losses don't necessarily change the market pricing, but perception of risk will and would. So maybe we're on this place where people say, you know what, why bother? And if that's the case, then that's in the demand for cat as protection is inelastic. So if supply shrinks then the demand will stay as is and pricing will therefore increase. So I'm an optimist. I'm not sure when it's going to happen, but I believe it will happen at some point.
Meyer Shields: No, I understand. That's exactly what I'm looking for. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. A couple quick questions here for you. First, just want to follow up on the comment about new business pricing better than renewal pricing. And I've heard that from other carriers. I'm just curious, when you actually go to book the margin on that new piece of business are you booking a better margin than perhaps that renewal piece of business? Or do you have to build in some level of cushion because it is new?
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's that's a very good. I think the latter part is what we would do. But even we would also take a higher level of cushion margin of safety, if you will now reserving even in our renewal business. I think that we're reserving wise and loss ratio pick wise at Arch we tend to be more conservative and hope for the best. And hopefully, good news come down later. We're trying to figure out a way to have as much cushion as we can early on so that we're not surprised down the road. That's not changing. We say the same approach renewal or new business, right? Not much of a change.
Brian Meredith: Not much of a change. Got you. Second, just quick question here. Are we still seeing admitted market shed business to the ENS market? Or is that slowed? 
Marc Grandisson: That's slowed down a little bit, but it's still happening. We're not seeing a return back to the market quite yet. It's going to take a little bit longer, we think.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then one kind of bigger, I guess, philosophical question for you. I think with MI business clearly you've demonstrated that it is not a big of a volatility businesses maybe some perceived just given the results we've seen through this recent crisis. If that is indeed the case, in the amount of cash that business throws off, because it's not a growth business I guess I see you guys using share buyback as your means of capital management, and I completely get that where your stocks trading now. But what about a dividend? In the end, maybe remind us about your philosophy with respect to a dividend?
Francois Morin: Well, I mean, I'll take that, Brian, I think it's something we talked about with a board and between ourselves all the time. We had a pretty long discussion at our last board meeting on that. It's always on the table. I'd say right now I mean I think it's, I mean, the share buybacks that we went through this quarter were very attractive towards economics. We were very much I think they're easy to justify, justify sorry. But could we ever introduced a dividend? Certainly that's on the table. Not saying it's imminent, but it's something that we evaluate pretty much definitely regularity. And we'll keep looking at it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Just one additional question. You guys spend time highlighting that session to Watford in the quarter, given that that transaction close. So my sense is, they're going to become more arched like in terms of the business that you're receiving to them versus prior to this transaction. So as we think about your 40% stake, can you just help us think about the earning stream there? Because I would think that as we go through next year that that could become a meaningful contributor to your earnings as the underwriting income of Watford pick up from what we're used to?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think the 40% share would grow at an average sort of reinsurance market results. Why? Because we are writing business on the balance sheet of Watford. So you would expect that. I think that what you would also see is our collecting fees or for our efforts, a compensation for our efforts for Watford's that would be for the 100%. So I think that the overall return would be slightly better even though at least as you can appreciate with the accounting rules it might not show us such but I think that our results will be as good I would hope for if not better than our overall results. So it's definitely an a creative return generator for reinsurance platform. It's going to be hard to see.
Elyse Greenspan: And that should pick up within that other income line as we move through next year? 
Marc Grandisson: Yes, so a couple yes so 40%. Correct. The other income line is well, the fees are picked up by the reinsurance sector because it's for the underwriting services they provide to Watford. But you're correct in saying that the net equity picked up of the 40% that we own in Watford if you're modeling and what kind of combined ratio is it going to operate at, what kind of premium are you going to see in terms in the volume I would you're right. I mean, it's probably more and more over time, it's going to look more and more like archery, the reinsurance segment. The percentages we seed to Watford are not uniform across all our divisions, but directionally, I think that's a good way to think about it. And the other thing, too, which has somewhat been an issue with Watford is the performance of the investments. And that has, that's being a little bit as being addressed as we speak. I think there's a process underway to reduce the volatility from the investment portfolio of investment strategy at Watford. So think of it more as that, yes, a more less volatile stream of income with more reliance on underwriting income and less on investment income. And hopefully that gets you in a good place to start modeling out how Watford is going to play out for us or the 40% for Arch going forward.
Elyse Greenspan: And then maybe I'll squeeze one last and I'm not sure if you provided an updated tax guidance. And so I missed it, if you can just let us know that. And then we've heard about some potential tax changes whether in the U.S. and also abroad in relation to Bermuda, any kind of prospective tax loss and just some of what we're hearing in the market and how that could impact Arch?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I'd say first of all that question your fourth quarter, we're still in the 9% to 11% kind of tax rate for Arch in the fourth quarter. For 2022 and beyond and Marc will chime in its way too early. Unfortunately, we track it we look at all developments very carefully we're on top of things. And the reality is they change daily. So it's very hard for us at this point, to give you any kind of guidance or any expectations and what we think 2022 is going to look like. We will be more than happy to have a good discussion on the next call. But for now, it's we feel it's just premature to because we really don't know.
Francois Morin: At least just to make the point about daily, literally last night our tax director, or this morning just sent us like there's a new proposal on the Hill that brings back shield and then corrects other things and then dispenses of other areas of the tax proposal in [OECD]. So, again, a moving target. It's politics. We will react to it when we do, when we see it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Carletti with JMP Securities.
Matthew Carletti: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to circle back on the discussion about kind of pandemic reserves and Marc, you're pretty clear on the P&C side in terms of get 95 good outcomes, but the 96 can change everything. How about MI? I mean it kind of follow up to Josh's line of questioning, like things look pretty conservative there. Can you help us with a little bit the timeline by which things can kind of continue to unfold well the timing by which we might see things unwind?
Francois Morin: Well, let me start, I'd say we may see a little in the fourth quarter, but that will be, I don't think everything will be resolved. But I truly think that the first half of 22 is when you'll see most of the movement or the corrections and our assumptions and the link cure rates and mediation so I'd say we're going to start seeing some data as early as this month internally and the number of cures and people moving out of forbearance, but the way it's going to flow through our numbers, again, given some of the uncertainties that Marc talked about, I think will be first half of 22. And the reason also Matt has to be said and understood that they had 18 months of forbearance worth when you get into forbearance earlier in 2020. And some of them went into forbearance, came out of forbearance and went back in again, but they still get to get to do to benefit from 18 months was forbearance. That's why some of them will coming out of there 18 months in fourth quarter, and many of them in the first and second quarter next. So it seems like some of them were able to get back current for four or five months and went back to forbearance program. That's what we have this lengthy adjustment period.
Matthew Carletti: Alright. Thank you. That's very helpful. Thanks. 
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you so much for being here. We're going to be, going from watching some golf, Francois and I and happy 20 years and have a good weekend everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2021 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session and instruction will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also, will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Liz. Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2021 earnings call. At Arch our playbook remains simple yet effective. We protect our capital through soft markets and unleash our underwriters during hard market. We believe that this time tested strategy gives us the best chance to generate superior risk-adjusted returns over time. You should expect then from us at this stage of the cycle comes straight from that playbook. As long as rate increases support returns above our threshold, we will continue to grow our writings. We have seen this video before in the hard market of 2002 through 2005, when P&C results generated a sustainable stream of earnings for several years after market prices peaked and were fully earned. And so again this quarter, the power of Arch's diversified platform is evident in the strong underlying earnings in each of our operating segments. We delivered a 13% annualized operating ROE and aided by good investment returns, an annualized net income ROE of 21% this quarter. One item that stands out this quarter was our strong P&C underwriting activity. Our P&C insurance results demonstrate significant improvement in underwriting performance. Better market conditions allowed our teams to expand their overall positioning and grow net written premiums substantially over the same quarter last year. We are now in the sixth consecutive quarter of rate increases at plus 10% this quarter comfortably in excess of loss cost trend estimates. The higher level of premium earned from the post 2019 policy years is a primary driver of our improving underlying accident year combined ratio. About two-third of the combined ratio improvement was due to lower loss ratios, attributable to rate increases and underwriting actions, we have taken over the past several years. The balance of the improvement was driven by a lower expense ratio. Production increased across most lines of business and geography areas as pricing improvements spread. While rate increases have tapered off from previous highs in some lines, we're seeing increases in lines that had been immune to meaningful change. And in lines where price increases have eased, we're still getting rate on rate increases on an improving margins. We estimate that approximately 30% of our insurance premium growth reflects rate increases. About 15% is from higher net retention level and the remaining growth comes from new business and exposure growth with existing clients. Both our international and US insurance platforms continue to excel in the current market with substantial growth in professional lines, programs, property and travel and A&H writings. Our reinsurance group also had a quarter of strong growth while producing strong underwriting results. A large portion of this growth results from our ability to leverage our expertise and historical experience as a writer of quota share business. When markets dislocate our clients need capacity and capital as they seek to reshape their portfolio. That's why since 2019, we have been increasing our participation in side-by-side quota share arrangements. This has always been part of our reinsurance playbook and based on historical patterns, we believe a good place to deploy our capital for the next few years. As you may have heard, this market is notable as rate increases in traditional XOL reinsurance lag the insurance rate increases. So our current preference is to be closer to the primary rate increases through quota share with our clients. Property cat XL is one of the few areas where we have reduced premium writings. They are down 26%, as we are not finding enough opportunities that meet our return expectations. However, as you can see in our supplement, premium writings grew substantially in property other than cat and specialty segments. Casualty and marine also produced excellent levels of growth. As with insurance, we expect the ongoing rate improvements to be reflected in our underwriting results over the next several quarters. The Arch reinsurance story is one of providing creative capital solutions during hard markets that enables us to leverage our growth faster than in our primary insurance markets. We have considered this a core capability throughout our history. Our reaction to this market is no exception. All in all, it was a very satisfactory job of seizing hard market opportunities by our team. Carpe diem as they say. From a strategic standpoint, it's worth noting that we, along with our business partners successfully completed the purchase of Watford at the beginning of the third quarter and are focused on working to build a sustainable reinsurance franchise. Allow me now to switch to inflation fears which continues to be a hot topic for our industry. I want to reiterate our perspective on how we view inflation at Arch. As underwriters, we study inflation on a line-by-line basis to price the business and establish reserves. In some lines like workers' comp inflation remains low at this stage, I'd say 0% to 1%. However in other lines like high excess general liability, we're estimating inflation to be in the 8% to 12% range. As a point of comparison, loss cost inflation from the ground-up has been in a 3% to 5% range for around five years, broadly across our portfolio. It's important to consider line of business specifics when we discuss claims inflation. Second, it's worth noting that in every line of business the inflation rate increases as you move up attachment points. The key in pricing or reserving for an excess policy is to start with the proper ground-up trend and then apply the best curve to select a range for the trend in the upper layers. As is often the case in insurance, we are estimating and there is a lot of uncertainty around the correct number. Our philosophy is to keep this methodology consistent, through the cycle. Third, we also supplement our analysis with some subjectivity. In the current environment and in certain lines, we had to try and account for the increased uncertainty, including the possibility of the so-called social inflation. We are typically more willing to adjust the trend above our indications, than we are to reduce it, all with creating a margin of safety in mind. This is not a new concept at Arch, but a time-tested philosophy that has allowed us to navigate both, soft and hard markets, through our opportunistic cycle management approach. Let's turn now to our mortgage group, which continues to operate as a well-oiled machine, generating $250 million of operating earnings in the quarter. Our insurance in force remained steady at roughly $278 billion for US primary MI. Refinance activity has slowed and we expect improving persistency throughout the remainder of the year and into 2022. Delinquency rates are decreasing across our portfolio and we still expect a large portion of delinquencies to cure, based on many factors, including the strong equity position of our current inventory where more than 95% of delinquent policies have over 10% of equity. New notices of default, continues to decline and at 7,400 in the second quarter are better than pre-COVID levels. Outside of the US, we increased our writings in Australia as the housing market remains strong. We like the long-term opportunity in Australia as demonstrated by our announcement to acquire Westpac's LMI business, which we now expect to close later this quarter. Pricing remains competitive, but rational across the MI industry has rated our back to 2019 levels. However, the credit quality of borrowers remains strong, similar to 2016, supporting our confidence in the continued earnings from our mortgage insurance portfolio. As I close my prepared remarks, this quarter I'll borrow from cricket, which is top of mind because, this weekend marks Cup Match here in Bermuda, when the entire island goes cricket crazy for a four-day holiday weekend. I think of the current P&C market like being the first team to bat during a cricket test match. Test cricket is one of the few sports that isn't governed by a clock. Unlike games that must be completed in 60 or 90 minutes, test cricket is about scoring as any runs as possible, as long as you are getting favorable balls or pitches for baseball fans, and for as long as it takes for all of your batsmen to be out. The details are not critical, but the idea is that similar to this market, we're waiting for the right ball and scoring as many runs as possible, while we can. Rather than swinging aimlessly, we'll do what we always do, play defensively when we have to, but become aggressive and score as many runs as possible, when the opportunity arises. We're not worried about the clock running out. We'll just keep scoring runs. Now, I'll ball it over to Francois to run through the financials.
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc and good morning to all on this first day of the Bermuda Cup Match Classic. Thanks for joining us today. Before I provide more color on our excellent second quarter results, I should remind you that, consistent with prior practice, the following comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding the other segment, i.e. the operations of Watford Holdings Ltd. In our filings, the term consolidated includes Watford. As you know, we closed earlier this month on the transaction we announced late last year to acquire Watford in partnership with Warburg, Pincus and Kelso. Concurrent with the closing, we will be making changes going forward in how we report our equity interest in Watford results, which I will share with you in a few minutes. As Marc shared earlier, we had an excellent quarter with each of the three legs of our stool performing very well and our investment portfolio also producing solid results. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $407.2 million or $1 per share, resulting in an annualized 13% operating return on average common equity. Book value per share increased to $32.02 at June 30, up 4.8% in the quarter. In the insurance segment, net written premium grew 43.3% over the same quarter one year ago, 38.5% if we exclude the growth due to the COVID-related recovery in our travel, accident and health unit from the same quarter one year ago. The insured segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 91.4%, lower by 470 basis points from the same period one year ago. The improvement in the ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio reflects the benefits of rate increases achieved over the last 12 months and changes in our mix of business. In addition, the expense ratio was lower by approximately 180 basis points since the same quarter one year ago, primarily due to the growth in the premium base. As for our reinsurance operations, we had strong growth of 63.6% in net written premiums on a year-over-year basis. The growth was observed across most of our lines, but especially in our casualty and other specialty lines, where strong rate increases and growth in new accounts helped increase the topline. The segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats, stood at 87.1% compared to 87.5% on the same basis one year ago. As we have discussed in the past, we believe the underlying performance of our reinsurance segment is better analyzed on a rolling 12-month basis, which typically smooths out the impact of certain large transactions and/or claims that can have an impact on quarterly results. On that basis, the ex-cat accident year combined ratio stood at 84.3% over the last 12 months, lower by 660 basis points from the prior 12 months, where the improvement almost entirely reflected on the loss side, as a result of the rate increases we have observed over the last six-plus quarters. Losses from 2021 catastrophic events in the quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums, stood at $46.5 million or 2.4 combined ratio points, compared to 13.5 combined ratio points in the second quarter of 2020. The activity in the quarter was the result of a series of small events across the globe and some late reported claim activity from the North American winter storms Uri and Viola in February. Following up on the trends we have seen in the last few quarters, the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment remains very manageable. In particular, the delinquency rate, which came in at 3.11% at the end of the quarter, is now close to 40% lower than it was when it reached its peak during the pandemic at the end of the second quarter one year ago. We had another solid quarter in terms of production. And with refinance activity coming down from prior levels, we saw the insurance in force for our U.S. MI book remained relatively stable. Of note, this quarter was the exercise of call features by the GSEs on certain vintage credit risk transfer contracts, reducing the insurance in force for our non-U.S. MI portfolio. The overall impact of these calls was an approximate one-time $31 million benefit to our underwriting income, approximately two-thirds of which came from the release of prior year loss reserves and the rest from the call premiums received. The combined ratio for this segment was 26.5%, reflecting the lower level of new delinquencies reported during the quarter. Income from operating affiliates was strong at $24.5 million, mostly driven by an excellent first quarter at Coface. As a reminder, we report our ownership interest in Coface's results on a quarter lag into our financial statements. As regards to Watford, the closing of the transaction on July 1 gave rise to a reconsideration event. And as a result, we revisited our VIE analysis. Based on the new governing documents of the entity, we have concluded that while we will attain significant influence, we will not control the entity going forward. Accordingly, we will no longer consolidate the results of Watford in our financial results, starting with our third quarter financials. And our 40% share of Watford's results will be reported in the income from operating affiliates line, along with our proportionate share of other operating affiliates, such as Coface and Premia. As a result of the closing of the transaction, we also expect to report a one-time nonrecurring gain of approximately $65 million in the third quarter. Total investment return for our investment portfolio was positive 150 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis for the quarter. Net investment income was $89.4 million during the quarter, up $10.7 million on a sequential basis, driven by lower investment expenses and interest received on funds withheld transactions. The duration of our portfolio remains at one of its lowest levels in our history, 2.31 years at the end of the quarter, reflecting our internal view of the risk and return trade-offs in the fixed income markets. Equity and net income of investment funds accounting for using the equity method returned approximately $122 million during the quarter, a key contributor to the growth in our book value. The effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 7.6% in the quarter, reflecting changes in the full year estimated tax rate, the geographic mix of our pretax income and a benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis decreased to $676 million as of July 1 for the Northeast peak zone down to approximately 5.6% of tangible common equity and well below our internal limits at the single event 1-in-250-year return level. On the capital front, we issued $500 million of 4.55% perpetual fixed rate preferred shares in June. We expect to use the proceeds to redeem all or a portion of our outstanding Series E non-cumulative preferred shares in September 2021 and to use any remaining amounts for general corporate purposes. Separately, we repurchased approximately 7.8 million shares at an aggregate cost of $306 million in the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date share repurchases to over $485 million, or approximately 45% of our year-to-date net income, all while growing our book value and top line. As we have said since our formation 20 years ago, we are strong proponents of active cycle and capital management. We believe this quarter's results demonstrates our ability to execute on this philosophy and leads us to invest in opportunities where we believe the returns are most attractive. At current prices and with the prospect of improving returns we believe buying back our shares represent another compelling value proposition for our shareholders without compromising our capital flexibility. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question was on capital. Do you guys -- Francois, you just said, right, you bought back less than half of your earnings to start this year. And I believe going into the year you guys thought you had more than enough capital to support your growth -- the growth that you thought you would see. So should we think about a pickup in potentially capital return if that statement is true in the back half of the year? And can you just update us? Would you be willing to be active buying back your stock during wind season, just given that it seems like you have a good level of excess capital?
Francois Morin: Sure. On the second question, Elyse, yes. We're -- while in our early days and I'd say pre-mortgage years, we were somewhat more careful with share buybacks during the wind season. We're not -- we're now, as you know, a lot more diversified. So I think that constraint or that reality is maybe less applicable than it used to be. But, yes, certainly, as we think about share repurchases or capital deployment throughout the second half of the year, we certainly think that we could be buying back more shares. I mean our top priority is still to invest in the business and grow the business as best we can. But as you saw this quarter, I mean, we were able to do both and then some and like to think that, if things stay where they are or within reason, we'd be doing the same in the second half of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, in terms of your insurance segment, so you guys still seem pretty positive, right? 30% of the growth came from rate increases in the quarter, positive on pricing, a little bit concern of that inflation, which we've heard throughout the industry. So, broadly, as you guys are thinking about the pricing environment as well as, just what's going on with inflation, do you have a sense of for how long you think pricing should continue to exceed loss trend, just broadly across insurance recognizing, obviously, its many different lines that comes together?
Marc Grandisson: There's a question that will lead all of us, if you get the right answer to riches, Elyse. But I think it's fair to say that the market momentum is clearly there. I think you heard on other calls that, that push for rate and increase in the rate adequacy and getting to a better level getting to a better level is shared among most in the industry. I think there's recognition between some of the losses that have occurred in the past and cat losses included some uncertainty in such inflation cyber risk as well as no property cat events. Obviously, that have occurred, I think there's a -- and the interest rates being lower, I think there's a recognition that the prices need to go up. I think I will just give you a quick anecdote. Some of our folks are doing file audits, on the reinsurance side, that is with some of our clients, who are competitors of ours as well. And the common thread or theme that seems to come through the audit is that the underwriting community is recognizing that more needs to be done. And you can see this evidenced in the discussion that they have with brokers. So we're very secure. I think there's going to be quite a bit more run way to this pricing improvement.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last one on the reinsurance side, it sounds like, Francois from your comments that the deterioration in the quarter was more just kind of one-off. I guess, as we think about going forward, my question more is, as we've seen the shift to more, longer tail lines within that book and away from property, would you expect the underlying loss ratio to deteriorate, or was it just that there was just some one-off factors in the quarter, we could still see improvement in that on a go-forward basis?
Francois Morin: Yeah. If you're -- in terms of modeling I think it's going to go up and down, right? And I would say, the numbers we quoted in terms of the rolling 12 months is probably as good a -- it's a good starting point. The business mix, yeah, there'll be some fluctuations here and there. But -- yeah, we wrote more casualty but we wrote also a lot more other specialty which is -- maybe combined ratios there a bit better. So it's hard to pinpoint exactly, where everything -- I mean, what's going to happen obviously in the next few quarters. But I'd steer you to the kind of the rolling 12-month number that I quoted to be -- that should be a good starting point.
Marc Grandisson: Elyse, if I may add to that point. I mean, also bear in mind, at Arch, we tend to be prudent in reflecting all the margin improvement early on. So we'll have to wait and see where the data takes us. I just want to make sure we keep that in mind, as we go forward.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks for the color.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Francois Morin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: Hi. Good morning. So first just had a question …
Francois Morin: Good morning.
Jimmy Bhullar: …on pricing and -- obviously your comments are pretty positive. But can you sort of compare and contrast what you're seeing on the primary side versus what you're seeing in reinsurance broadly?
Marc Grandisson: Yeah. So on the insurance side, there's a lot more activity, more price pickup on the insurance side. And that's why on a quota share basis, even though the seeding commissions have not decreased as much as they would have, otherwise in other hard markets. I think that if you're on a quota share basis, you've essentially taken -- you're participating alongside your clients in terms of rate increases. So whatever rate increase I would have included in my remarks on the insurance you could ascribe, to the quota share reinsurance participation. On the excess of loss, it tends to always lag a little bit behind. There's some benefit from the underlying rate, because the excess of loss pricing typically is a percentage of the underlying portfolio. So to the extent that, some rate increase at the primary level, the excess of loss would get presumably a bigger percentage. But I think that, it would be safe to say, that the softer markets probably gave a little bit less adequacy or probably more of a need for price pickup in the excess of loss, in general. And we're probably expecting this to start to happen soon. I think there will be some recognition that is sort of a second derivative of typically of a hardening market. I hope that helps.
Jimmy Bhullar: And are you equally optimistic, or are there signs because you mentioned, property cat may be slowing down a little bit? But are you equally optimistic about the sustainability of the trend on pricing in both reinsurance and in insurance?
Marc Grandisson: Yes on the excess of loss. Because like I said, if I go back to 2002, 2005 market, I think that, the excess of loss market got probably a lot better. It took to like 2004 to get there. So you need a couple of years of primary rate increases to start to find its way or their way onto the reinsurance excess pricing. It's a very normal hardening market. So I'm very encouraged actually.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly you mentioned, credit quality on the MI side being strong. How are you, -- and obviously the labor market is very good as well. But how are you thinking about high property prices and just inflated values for homes? And how that factors into your view of the business that you're writing now?
Marc Grandisson: If you were in an equilibrium in terms of supply and demand or the supply was plentiful, we'd be worried. That would take us back to the 2006 and 2007 period. But the supply and demand on the housing is such that, it should help maintain the pricing for quite a while. We have 1.5 million to two million homes missing in the marketplace. It takes a while to find their way to the market. There's also under built, as you know as we all read in the press. So, from our perspective, the house price appreciation is there. We look at over or undervaluation. We also have these metrics from our economist. And we're not seeing significant national overvaluations. So that's not another -- yet another -- not a concern. And the interest rates are still pretty low at 3% -- the mortgage rate that is at 3%. So the affordability is still pretty high, compared to historical metrics. So all of these, put together, it's never one dimension, right? And Jimmy, I mean, if you look at, I think overall if you across everything it tends in a positive direction.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: So I think I've asked the same question like from the last two conference calls. I'm going to ask it again. I look at the reserve releases in mortgage. And I look at the reserves per new case, in the 2Q 2021 numbers. And you're reserving more than ever for new defaults or delinquencies, as you're releasing the reserves. Yet the housing prices are appreciating. I'm trying to figure out, what the math is, about why the potential claim per loss keeps getting worse?
Francois Morin: Well, you're asking a very good question, Josh. I think big picture, as you know, we're still -- there's still a lot that has to happen before we have more visibility until - in how the forbearance loans are going to pan out? How they're going to -- whether they're going to cure or whether they're going to turn to claim? And as you know, those are -- I mean, that's an 18-month process. So we -- if we look at the peak months of April and May of last year, their 18-month period will expire -- unless things change should expire in the fourth quarter this year. So that's when we'll certainly have again more visibility. And have a more definitive view on how to -- I mean whether reserves were too high or not. And so that's where we sit on that at this point. We're reacting a little bit to the data. But again we still feel there's quite a need -- a lot that needs to be settled before we take I'd say action on the current reserve levels. In terms of the new delinquencies, there's always tweaks that happen every quarter. You look at the average, the incidence rate and how severities and frequency assumptions that we put on the new delinquencies that get reported this quarter Again it's a smaller inventory of new delinquencies. So I wouldn't -- there's a bit more leverage in how those numbers play out. But big picture, I think we're still very comfortable with our reserve levels. Yes, I think you're implying maybe that we got too much. That's a possibility. But again we'll know more in the second half of the year.
Josh Shanker: So when I look at the reserves, I guess the $55 million in reserves for current accident year period put up in the fourth quarter, is that a strengthening of average claim for the entire portfolio, or is that a new -- we think the new claims being put on 2Q, 2021 have the potential to be worse in terms of severity than the average claim currently on the book?
Francois Morin: Yeah. I think it's the latter. We didn't really make any adjustments in terms of prior notices, so notices that were on the books before the quarter started. The thinking on the new notices is that the fact that they became delinquent this late in the game I'd say given that forbearance programs have been available for some time over a year, we think that there's a possibility that they could turn out worse than the ones that we got earlier. So there's a bit of a mindset or a philosophy that and time will tell. But given that they might have gone through all their savings and they might have tried a lot of things and now they finally turned delinquent. So that's a little bit of the -- I think the rationale behind these numbers.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you very much for the update.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon guys. Marc, I guess my first question. Can you hear me?
Francois Morin: Yes we can. Go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Sorry about that. So I had a cycle management question in with property cat. And I'm not being critical. I'm just curious. So a year ago, it looks like you wrote $118 million of premium. And this year you wrote $88 million. So you wrote less. I get the property cat is not the best place to be, but it feels like the rate environment was incrementally a little bit better. So I'm just I guess a little bit curious like what goes into the decision to as conditions improve actually decide that 2Q of 2021, we don't want to write as much as we did in 2Q of 2020?
Marc Grandisson: It's a really, really good question. So I think a couple of things happen, right? Number one, we probably like everyone else have a different perception on the riskiness of the cat book, right? There's a -- we just had a wind storm in January. So that will definitely make you take a different look at the non-model losses, right? There's a lot of non-model losses that seem to have percolated way more than we expected over the last two, three years. So there's an element of loss cost expectancy and also as a result of that needing a higher margin of safety for your return. That's clearly the number one consideration. And as a second one that is not to be forgotten is also -- it's an allocation of capital. They're saying well where is a better use of capital? Is a risk-adjusted of X in cat worth as much as a Y in other property for instance or in casualty? And those decisions are made on a quarterly basis, I would almost say almost daily. So as you get a broader range of opportunities on the reinsurance side specifically, you're able to manage your portfolio and reoptimize the portfolio as you go at least maybe in a quarter or two quarters ahead. So that's sort of a thinking beyond the stock management with a view of optimizing your return, not necessarily betting all out, right? I mean, that's a one thing that Paul [ph] told me way back when is that you don't want to be unlucky. Property cat, if you have all these great opportunities and not excluding out of the cat realm, it probably be who is your manager to taper it down a little bit also provided because it's not as juicy perhaps as the other lines are appearing at this point in time. So it's a bit of a window we think.
Ryan Tunis: Yeah, that makes sense. That's interesting. And then I guess just in mortgage insurance, seeing the attritional loss ratio, I mean yeah pretty much at pre-pandemic levels. I guess I was a little bit surprising just given there are some new notices and I felt like back in 2019 they're almost none. So is this sustainable, kind of, the 15% to 20% attritional, or is it something this quarter that was an unusual tailwind?
Francois Morin: Well, I mean attritional excluding PYD that's how we think about it. Again I think I mentioned it in prior quarters where a 20% loss ratio is plus or minus that should be what you should get over the cycle. And there's a bit of noise with the CRT transaction. So I mean, there's moving parts within that. But yes 20% is absolutely sustainable.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then just lastly just out of curiosity, I was wondering if you guys would be willing to share like an internal view of what your excess capital position is?
Francois Morin: Well, that's not something we've made public in the past. And I think we're -- because it's a daily a moving target right? I mean there's -- we don't know what the market is going to give us. So we could give you a number, but then next tomorrow will be different. So it's just -- we rather want to keep the flexibility there. And that's…
Ryan Tunis: I hear you. I thought I'd try.
Francois Morin: Yeah.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Thank you. Two I think basic questions. First, I know there's a lot of commentary at Arch and elsewhere about if that was like prudent reserves, because of current uncertainties with regard to inflation. Is that -- let me phrase it differently. Are you releasing reserves more slowly now than you would have in the past because of that issue, or is that a current accident year issue?
Marc Grandisson: I think, Meyer you're an actuary as I am. So you know that inflation impacts current accident year and prior accident year, right? So clearly we are -- it's part of the recipe if you will of establishing reserves. So we're trying to peg the historical trend as you know in a triangle is the best we can to the extent it's not captured within a loss development factors. So I think it's on both sides. Does that mean that we are releasing? Yes, I think that probably means that we historically have been a bit more careful in establishing our loss pick. If you look back at our history of combined ratio in the insurance group specifically, you'll see that we were much higher than what most people were in the industry. So I think that tells you that we were reserving at that point with a view of loss inflation that was more in the 3% to 5%, and we haven't changed our view really at this point in time except for, like I said in my comments certain lines, where it's probably appropriate to do a bit more. 
Meyer Shields : Okay. No I think that's the right call and it makes a lot of sense. Second question, in reinsurance. How should we think about the catastrophe exposure in the non-property cat, property book? 
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's part of the $676 million that Francois, mentioned. We're accounting for that but it's definitely less of a cat exposure. There is some in there but it's definitely not the driver of the exposure at all. So it depends on what kind of business you look at. The cat load on these premium, is anywhere from 5% to 10% sometimes a bit higher depending on the quota share you're writing. But in a lot of our other specialty quota share you had some but again much, much smaller. So I would say that, still the larger contributor to our PML is through the cat XL portfolio. 
Meyer Shields : Okay. Thanks, Marc. Thank you so much
Marc Grandisson: You’re welcome, Meyer. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. 
Phil Stefano: Yes. Thanks and good morning. 
Marc Grandisson: Good morning.
Phil Stefano: One or two focused on the MI business. So of the $44 million in favorable development it seems like just shy of half of that was due to the GSEs and the cancellation of the CRT deal. The other $24 million give or take can you give us a sense of the vintage years associated with that, or what's driving that development? 
Francois Morin: Well, I'll be -- yes I'll give you a bit more specifics. So yes you're right just about half of the -- under half -- just slightly under half of the total was from the GSE call deals. And about a third I'd say is little tweaks again in call it COVID assumptions that we've kind of brought down a little bit. And that's across -- it's across all our books. So it's like a US -- primary US MI. It's across some CRT deal that are still around that we've made some adjustments on those reserves and also on the international book. So that gives you a perspective. And then there's just -- call it just under 20% of favorable development on runoff businesses or second lien and student loan businesses that have been in runoff for quite some time. So hopefully, that gives you the split Phil, and answers your question. 
Phil Stefano: Yes, that's great. That's great. Thanks. And I think, the PMIER's efficiency ratio -- sorry go ahead. 
Francois Morin: No, you go.
Marc Grandisson: No. We're good. 
Phil Stefano: Yes. So the PMIER's efficiency ratio is pushing up near 200%. Maybe, you could talk to us about the ability to upstream capital? When the GSEs might let you do that, or do you go to the state regulators and contemplate getting permission for a special of some sort? 
Francois Morin: Yes. That -- as we discussed last quarter that's in the works. Second half of the year we are -- we've begun the process already to upstream. As you mentioned the dividend from our regulated entities to the holding company in the US It's -- some of it will have to be extraordinary and some of it is ordinary dividends. So there's -- we'll have to have some discussions with the regulators on that. I'd like to think that we can get them comfortable that with our current levels of total capital and some of it as you know a lot of it being trapped in within the contingency reserves I think they'll -- I think we'll be able to get them comfortable that the levels of dividend that we're talking about will be -- will meet their needs and ours. So stay tuned but I'd like to think that we'll be able to extract some dividends in the second half of the year. 
Marc Grandisson: If I can address for one second fill the GSE. The GSEs are allowing you to do a dividend without any approval at 150% or above right now PMIER. So at the end of the year it's going to go down to 115%. So we think we have flexibility even from that perspective even if you consider them as another gatekeeper of that dividend payout. 
Phil Stefano: Okay, Marc. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. A couple of quick questions here. First, the decline you saw in your property cat reinsurance I'm assuming that was just reduction in Florida exposure. And I guess, on that question what does your Southeastern kind of Gulf exposure look like today versus last year? 
Marc Grandisson: It's down versus last year. But the first question on Florida we had some decrease in flow. But if you look at premium it's not as -- it's not a one-to-one thing Brian. I think that the reduction was also as a result of buying a few things to if you will round of the portfolio. So it's not necessarily all like, because if we get into this market trying to get our net exposure to a different level because of returns we use also some reinsurance buying to take care. So it's not only Florida decrease. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. Got you. And then my second question, is now that the Watford deal is closed. It is in some private hands no longer a public company. Any material or any meaningful changes in strategy here that you're anticipating with Watford here going forward different types of business they could write et cetera et cetera?
Francois Morin: Yes, I'd say at a high level I mean still early days but at a high level I think you should think more of Watford, as a closer clone to Arch Re business or underwriting than what Watford was. Watford was -- didn't necessarily do all the same classes of business was very much focused more on the longer-tail stuff because of the additional pick up the assumptions that were in terms of investment returns that we're going to get. So, the call it the 2.0 business model of Watford makes it more similar to what the Arch Re portfolio or book looks like.
Brian Meredith: Got you. So, results should actually trend towards ultimately trend towards what Arch Re looks like?
Francois Morin: Much more so correct. Yes. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then I'm just curious on Watford, is there ability or any contemplation of maybe kicking on some of your mortgage insurance exposure going forward?
Marc Grandisson: We actually write some mortgage on Watford. Yes there is some already existing. It's actually been one of the things they've done for quite a while. That's also something that the Watford shareholders were very pleased with giving them the opportunity to participate.
Francois Morin: The only -- I mean that's an issue with ratings too like Brian. So, that's something that the ratings do matter for in terms of getting GSE and regulators comfortable. So, that's something that they're going to look into as well.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks for everyone to be here and listen to our call and we're off to Cup Match and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2021 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also, will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Liz. Good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call for the first quarter of 2021. The power of Arch's diversified strategy is evident again this quarter as we have strong underlying earnings across our 3 operating divisions and a 7.8% operating ROE despite the cat events. Pricing is attractive in almost all of our insurance markets and more than meets our cost of capital thresholds. As a result, we expect the next several quarters to continue to show improved underwriting margins, partially due to the compounding of rate-on-rate increases and the rebalancing of our mix. Importantly, the market is showing discipline in maintaining its momentum and the recent cat losses are likely to keep upward pressure on rates. Our 3 primary areas of focus for 2021 are: one, continuing our growth in the sectors where rates allow for returns that are substantially more than our cost of capital; two, optimize our MI mortgage insurance book as it transitions from forbearance to recovery on its way back to normalcy in the next few quarters, our notices of default are leveling and the quality of recent production is excellent; three, actively managing our investments and capital to enhance our returns over the longer run. The past quarter, P&C premium renewal rates increased across a broader spectrum of lines, including several that did not show movement as recently as the third quarter of 2020. We also expect to see exposure growth as the economy recovers more fully, which, in turn, should further spur increased revenues and profit. On the MI front, housing has emerged as one of the stronger economic sectors due to a combination of positive house price appreciation with good affordability for homeowners. Although mortgage interest rates have increased modestly, they remain low compared to historic levels and continue to fuel strong demand for the purchase market. Finally, it's worth noting, and Francois will cover in more detail, that there's also some good news on the investment side as yields have increased slightly in 2021. For Arch, every 25 basis points increase in yield should've result in about a 50 basis point increase in our return on equity. Now let's dive into the businesses a bit more. Turning first to P&C insurance. We are very optimistic about the prospects across our specialty insurance group for 2021. This past quarter, the higher level of premium earned from the post-2019 written period is one of the main reasons why our underlying combined ratio continued to improve. About 2/3 of the improvement was due to lower loss ratios as a result of the impact of rate increases as well as to underwriting actions we have taken over the past several years. The other 1/3 of the improvement was driven by a lower expense ratio. In Q1, we observed a plus 11% rate increase on a global basis, solidifying the momentum for improving margins in P&C. We are now in the fifth consecutive quarter of rate increase in excess of loss cost as evidenced by our current underlying combined ratio of 93.3% versus 97.1% in the same quarter last year. Adding to the rate improvement already mentioned, we've seen lower claims activity over the last 4 quarters. Nevertheless, we continue to be prudent by maintaining what we believe to be an appropriate safety margin in our reserving approach. One of our key principles is that we are cautious when recognizing favorable news but react quickly to adverse signs in the data. Next, on to our reinsurance segment. We had another quarter of improving profitability fundamentals. Our trailing 12-month accident year combined ratio ex cat has improved significantly from a year ago. We again had a meaningful increase in net premium written of 25%. In the first quarter, we estimate that our effective rate change or rate over trend was roughly plus 8%. As with insurance, we expect these rate improvements to continue to be reflected in our underwriting results for the next several quarters. As you can see from our total premium growth in property over the last year, we continue to believe that risk-adjusted returns are more favorable in a non-cat XL property arena. Our reinsurance group incurred $146 million of cat losses in the quarter, which was within our expectations given the type of event and where we have historically positioned our property cat exposures. Let me explain a bit more. Strategically, we allocate more catastrophe capital towards homeowners and smaller commercial portfolios because we believe, one, they have homogeneous risk characteristics; two, the data used to model their exposure is of better quality; and three, policy language tends to have less variability than with larger commercial exposures. We believe that there is less uncertainty in the expected cat load of homeowners and smaller commercial portfolios. As a consequence of this portfolio construction bias, on a medium-sized storm such as Uri, at between $14 billion and $16 billion in losses that affects personal lines more markedly, we would expect our market share to be around 1%. And last, but certainly not least, mortgage. Overall, our mortgage group is very well positioned to produce good earnings as a reinvigorated U.S. housing market is promising in 2021 and beyond. In the first quarter, Arch MI U.S. new insurance written was $27 billion, around 60% above the same period last year and new loan originations are tracking towards another very strong year. As you know, last year saw a refinancing boom, which meant significant turnover in our insurance in force. Our first quarter annualized persistency was up from the 54% we experienced over the last 12 months as interest rates rose earlier this year. If mortgage rates continue to rise, we would expect persistency to gradually return to the longer-term range of 75%, which will be a net positive as we would hold more of the recent higher credit quality, higher risk-adjusted return portfolio on our books for longer. Looking next at our delinquency inventory, we still expect a large portion to cure based on many factors, including the strong equity position of our current DQ inventory. 94% of delinquent policies have over 20% of equity. We also had good news in March as the run rate for new notices of default was nearly back to 2019 levels at about 10,000 new annuities per quarter. Outside of the U.S., we increased our writings in Australia as the housing market remains strong there. We like the long-term opportunity in Australia as demonstrated by our announcement to acquire Westpac's LMI business in March. The agreement allows us to free up capital even as we build our Australian presence and diversify our earning streams at attractive risk-adjusted returns. To borrow a sports analogy for this quarter, with a nod to our friends at Coface, this market feels a little like the last legs of the Tour de France. We just went through the muteness section, came out among the leaders and a lot of writers struggle to keep pace. Now as we roll towards Paris, we can continue to build on our lead while remaining mindful of protecting our position and energy. We can go all out and be reckless at several stages as several stages of the race remain. However, our team is in great shape. We have many great writers working together to ensure we're ultimately smiling in that beautiful yellow jersey on the [indiscernible]. As usual, our focus is on finishing the race with grace and winning for our sponsors, our shareholders. Now I'll turn it over to Francois.
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today. On to the first quarter results. As a reminder, and consistent with prior practice, the following comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding the other segment, i.e., the operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings, the term consolidated includes Watford. On the transaction, we announced late last year to acquire Watford in partnership with Warburg Pincus and Kelso. To use Marc's cycling analogy, our team has been peddling hard in anticipation of the closing, and we are down to the last few kilometers before we reach our final destination. I will provide a bit more color on its status in a few minutes. As you will have seen by now, we had a very solid quarter despite the severe winter storms with after-tax operating income for the quarter of $239.8 million, or $0.59 per share, and an annualized 7.8% operating return on average common equity. Book value per share increased to $30.54 at March 31, up 0.8% from last quarter. In the insurance segment, net written premium grew 20% over the same quarter 1 year ago, 28.4% if we exclude the impact of the pandemic on our travel, accident and health units. The insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 93.3%, lower by 380 basis points from the same period 1 year ago. The improvement in the ex cat accident quarter loss ratio reflects the benefits of rate increases achieved over the last 12 months and changes in our mix of business. In Addition, the expense ratio was lower by approximately 80 basis points since the same quarter 1 year ago, primarily due to the growth in the premium base. As for our reinsurance operations, we also had strong growth of 25.3% in net written premium over -- on a year-over-year basis, 40.8% if we adjust for an $88 million loss portfolio transfer that was recorded in the first quarter of 2020. The growth was observed across most of our lines, but especially in our property, other than property catastrophe line, where strong rate increases and a few new accounts helped increase the top line by 84.3%. The segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, stood at 84% compared to 91.3% on the same basis 1 year ago. Once we normalize for the onetime impact of the loss portfolio transfer, the improvement in the ex cat accident year combined ratio was 590 basis points, which is almost entirely attributable to a corresponding improvement in the loss ratio. The overall expense ratio remained relatively unchanged, again after adjusting for the LPT. Losses from 2021 catastrophic events in the quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $188.3 million, or 10.5 combined ratio points, compared to 7.4 combined ratio points in the first quarter of 2020. These were primarily as a result of the North American winter storms Uri and Viola in February and consistent with our earnings pre-announcement 2 weeks ago, close to 80% of the losses came from our reinsurance segment with the rest attributable to the insurance segment. We remain comfortable with our level of loss reserves for COVID-19 claims, which remained essentially unchanged from prior estimates. Approximately 65% of the inception-to-date incurring loss amount sits within our incurred but not reported IBNR reserves or as additional case reserves within our insurance and reinsurance segments. The key performance indicators we track to help us assess the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment keep trending in a favorable direction. Chief, of course, being the delinquency rate, which came in at 3.86% at the end of the quarter. Arch MI had another excellent quarter in terms of production. And with refinance activity leveling off from prior peaks, we saw our insurance inform remain relatively stable with an increase from our international book, offset by a small decrease in our U.S. MI book. The combined ratio for this segment was 42.4%, reflecting the lower level of new delinquencies reported during the quarter. Both the loss and expense ratio were slightly lower than the pre-pandemic levels experienced in the same quarter 1 year ago. As a reminder, I wanted to remind everyone of the seasonality that exists in the reporting of operating expenses across our underwriting segments, investment expenses and at the corporate level. Given all incentive compensation decisions, including share-based awards get approved by our Board of Directors in February of each year, the first quarter has generally been the quarter with the highest level of operating expenses, and we do expect the current year to follow this pattern. Overall, with the underlying improvements in both of our P&C segments, and mortgage segment fundamentals returning to pre-pandemic levels, we are excited by the prospects for each of the 3 legs of our stool. Our objective to deliver a well-balanced return to our shareholders with meaningful contributions from each of our underwriting segments should become more and more apparent as we move forward. I've kept my segment-level comments a bit shorter than usual in order to give a bit more color on the performance of our investment portfolio this quarter and on the new line in our income statement titled, income loss From operating affiliates. As regards to the investment portfolio, total investment return for the quarter was a negative 18 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis. Our defensive positioning with a short duration and limited credit exposure relative to our benchmark helped us withstand headwinds we experienced on the heels of an 80 basis point increase in the 10-year treasury rate during the quarter, which was a main factor in the negative 56 basis point price return on our portfolio during the quarter. Net investment income was $78.7 million during the quarter, down 9.3% on a sequential basis. This decrease, while certainly affected by lower available interest rates and higher investment expenses due to incentive compensation payments and investment management fees, is also very much the result of deliberate portfolio actions taken over the last few quarters. Specifically, we continue to maintain a short duration on our portfolio, 2.71 years at the end of the quarter, based on our internal view of the risk and return trade-offs in the fixed income markets. We also continue to deploy additional capital to an alternative investments, the returns from which are generally not reflected in investment income. Finally, we also transformed some short-term investments this quarter into our 29.5% equity ownership in Coface as well as an investment in corporate-owned life insurance policies. Again, both items whose returns are included in operating income, but are not reflected in net investment income. Equity and net income of investment funds using the -- accounted for using the equity method, and realized gains from nonfixed income investments returned approximately $154 million during the quarter and were key contributors to the growth in our book value. Now on to income from operating affiliates, which we are including in our definition of operating income. This quarter, in addition to our share of the quarterly results of investments we have made in operating affiliates, being primarily those from Premia Holdings at this time, we also benefited from an initial nonrecurring gain we made at closing of our acquisition of a 29.5% ownership stake in Coface for approximately $74.5 million. Consistent with our accounting policy under equity method accounting, we will report our investment in Coface on a quarter lag. As regards to Watford transaction, shareholder approval was obtained in late March, and we are awaiting a few final regulatory approvals before we can close the transaction, hopefully, over the next few weeks. As we disclosed earlier, we expect our ownership of Watford to increase to 40% at closing. The effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 10.6% in the quarter, reflecting changes in the full year estimated tax rate, the geographic mix of our pretax income, and a benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. We currently estimate the full year tax rate to be in the 10% to 12% range for 2021. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis decreased to $778 million as of April 1, which had approximately 6.7% of tangible common equity remains well below our internal limits at the single event 1-in-250-year return level. Our peak zone across the group changed from the Florida tri-county area to the northeast, reflecting our view of better opportunities given the current rate environment. Our balance sheet remains strong. And our debt plus preferred leverage stood at 22.1% at quarter end, well within the reasonable range. On the capital front, we repurchased approximately 5.3 million shares at an aggregate cost of $179.3 million in the first quarter. Our remaining share repurchase authorization currently stands at $737.3 million. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Phil Stefano, Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: So the idea of rate adequacy is something that's gotten a lot of airtime with people focusing on the second derivative of the pricing move. I was hoping you could just talk about how you see rate adequacy from your perspective. Primarily, it's an insurance question, but reinsurance would be appreciated as well. In my mind, it feels like the messaging is that exposure growth will help to carry the baton, I don't know how to put that into a biking analogy. But move to the front from the tailwinds of pricing that we've seen and push forward to the next leg.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. It's a good question. I'll try not to steer away from the cycling analogy myself. I think very -- at a very high level, the rates keep on being really, really healthy. 11% is above the loss cost trend, as we mentioned earlier. We started seeing this last year in the first quarter. So we're in the second round, if you will, of round of rate increases. While we had some rate increases last year and those policies that are currently being renewed and whirring in the first quarter, had another set of rate increases. So I think where we are right now, the market is really -- psychologically, the market is in rate increases minded and being careful in the way to deploy capital. And I think if you look back at where we came out 18, 19 years, where combined ratio was in the way it's been developing and trending for the last 6 quarters, I think, the story tells itself. The fact that we are indeed getting rate-above-loss cost trend, and that also finds its way into our combined ratio on a quarterly basis. There's more to go. We put our first quarter prime last year. There's another -- the first coat of paint this year. We'd be surprised that we have another coat to paint given over the next several quarters. It remains to be seen how much more it will be. But certainly, anything we have at this point in time is -- helps improving the margins.
Phil Stefano: Okay. And switching gears a bit to look at mortgage. The incident rate assumptions were high single digits, something like 8%, 9%, as we talked through the second half 2020 results. Can you just let us know where about you're looking at booking that now? And maybe weave in some of the -- some additional color commentary around what exactly it means optimizing our MI book as we kind of migrate from the forbearance world to a more traditional operating environment.
Marc Grandisson: Absolutely. I think we have -- first, on the optimizing, we have a very substantial market share in the U.S., and we'll very soon have a very decent one in Australia as well. I think it's early to go towards the area where the better returns are. As we -- and we grew a little bit in the last half of 2020. We see the opportunity. The market is coming back to some more normalcy. So I think our game plan will be to -- as we were doing in 2019, as we were heading into 2020, to be -- rely on our best base pricing to make sure we pick the best area of the marketplace to make sure we are enhancing the returns as we go forward. In terms of NODs, our roll rate for the new NODs this quarter -- if you remember, last quarter, it was 9.4%. This quarter, we booked it for the U.S. MI at 9.1%. So it's slightly better than the last quarter. We did not -- we are sort of out of the predicting business of where it's going to end up at the end of the year in terms of the delinquency rate. But you see it going to 3.86% this quarter, which is way, way, way better than we would have anticipated sitting here a year ago.
Phil Stefano: Okay. Hopefully, a quick follow-up on the MI. Is there any clarity on the GSE limitations on dividends out of the operating entities? Any sense on when this will be lifted?
Francois Morin: Well, great question, Phil. There is a moratorium that's in place till the end of June. We are certainly hopeful that the moratorium will expire and not be extended. Nothing definitive. There's discussions going on, but the -- certainly, from our side, the hope is that in the second half of the year, we would be able to start dividending some of the capital from our U.S. MI operation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, on last quarter's call, you guys had alluded to, I believe, your property casualty businesses generating returns in the double digits and mortgage kind of getting back to the 15% level. Obviously, some noise in the quarter with cats and some of the investment items -- investment income items you pointed to. But do you guys broadly see your businesses generating returns on -- in the double digits and mortgage kind of around that 15% level?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Our view has not changed in terms of expectations of what we've written from what we said last quarter, at least, very much in line.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the underlying side, in your prepared remarks, right, you alluded to continuing to get underlying margin improvement. I mean you guys have done a really good job over the past few years of rejiggering the business mix, and we're seeing that come through in both insurance and reinsurance. So would that comment imply that the back 3 quarters of the year from an underlying basis would be better relative to the Q1? Was it a year-over-year comment? Just directionally, how should we think about the margins in insurance and reinsurance?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. It's all relating to the price increase that the market will push through, right, over the next several quarters. But certainly, the earnings that we are seeing currently in the first quarter, right, Elyse, some of it was at lower pricing last year. I know in the first half of the year and in the third quarter, and that kept on getting better as we went towards the end of 2020 and into 2021. So we should all, everything else being equal, expect -- and expect the margins to be expanding. And if there is more rate increases, then we should hopefully see this and -- well, nothing will -- we'll see them in the numbers right away. But certainly, the feeling and the momentum is building to get more margin improvements, yes.
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of mortgage, right, you guys had pointed to kind of getting back to the 35% to 45% combined ratio, 42%, [44%] in the quarter, right? So currently, within that range, based off of what you know today and the fact that you mentioned, right, the level of new notices is slowing, would you expect that the combined ratio for that business would continue to trend better during the next 3 quarters relative to what you reported in the Q1?
Francois Morin: Well, a couple of points on that. I think just to clarify the comment that I think I made was the, call it, the 35% to 45% range was meant to be more of a, call it, over the cycle, kind of a steady state, not in a stress environment kind of reasonable combined ratio. Do we feel we're kind of in that environment? Yes. Delinquencies, new notices, Marc touched on it. They're back to being roughly 10,000 orders. So that's a good sign. Could the combined ratio in the last 3 quarters of the year be lower than it was in first quarter? It could. We were not -- we don't know. I think some of it would certainly be a function of reserve releases, if there's any. We just -- again, that's -- we'll have more clarity on that once forbearance programs expire or get people come out of that. So I think at a high level, we're -- we -- the range that we put out there is -- we're still very comfortable with. Could we beat that or could we come in a bit lower? I guess we'll see when the data shows up. But certainly, yes, it's not inconceivable.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last one on the FHFA this morning announced on new refi options for low-income families. Could you just help us think about how that could impact your -- the back book within your mortgage insurance portfolio?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think the -- to me, all the questions about the FHA, the FHFA and all the various government policy that could be put out there. I think we're only receiving it and react to it. And what we have at heart is a -- our risk-based pricing is really making sure that we're allocating capital and supporting the policies that meet our threshold, return thresholds. I think that we still believe that the -- even though there are some push to become -- get more affordable housing available to folks, which we're encouraging, there's still a very healthy level of appreciation for the risk in Washington. So we're not overly concerned with that. And most of the targeted markets that are towards -- that these policies are geared towards would be the lower FICO and most likely the higher LTVs, which is not typically where we are more -- most competitive and most focused on at this point in time. So we're not losing sleep over this, Elyse.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar: I had a couple of questions. First, on the MI business. I think my speaker's on, let me see if I could turn it off. So first on the MI business. Can you talk about -- delinquencies, obviously, have improved a little bit, but they're still fairly elevated. And it seems like a lot of this has to do with this government forbearance programs versus actual hardship on the part of the borrower. But if you could just talk about what your view is, and you addressed a little bit of that in your comments about equity and homes and stuff. And then secondly, on your COVID-related reserves. I think last quarter, you gave a number that around 70% or so were still in IBNR, and you haven't had much in the way of additional losses recently. So just wondering what the likelihood is that, that number might be overly conservative now given the economy is opening up and the chances of reserve release is related to those.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. On the forbearance, clearly, well, I would have a different spin on you than you would have, obviously, on the delinquency rate. At 3.86%, I think, it's a pretty good place to be. We're not still out of the COVID, so the potential issues that could develop. Now it's looking very, very good, obviously, but we're still not out of it completely. Of the 3.86%, right, 2/3 of our delinquencies are actually in the forbearance program. And of those who are in those forbearance programs delinquency, 90% -- 94% of them actually have more than 10% of equity. So yes, there is -- this counts, the delinquency count staying in the inventory. We still have an extension of the forbearance moratorium until the end of June extended to -- for -- potentially could be extended. And that's all with the idea that the GSEs and sort of the government agencies want the homeowners to get back on their feet. So it's helping. It's maintaining a little bit higher level of uncertainty because the forbearance is still there. You still don't know 100% how they're going to turn out. But we still have many cures that had -- that occurred out of the forbearances that were put in there back in April or May of last year, right? 2/3 of them or fewer are now back into current being current. So on one hand, yes, it shows as a higher number in terms of delinquency. But when you look at being 2/3 forbearance program, which is very helpful for the homeowners on the heels of a high level of equity, this is, all things considered, a very reasonable place for us to be. And we think it's going to get -- most likely get better throughout the end of the year and go back to way we saw core delinquency, which is at 1.4% or 1.35%, which is more like what we have historically seen, at least, as of late as of the end of 2019. I'll ask Francois to answer the COVID question.
Francois Morin: Yes. And Jimmy, on the COVID, yes, I mentioned it quickly, I think, we're still at 65% in IBNR and ACRs through the end of the quarter. Are we redundant? I mean, again, it's early for us to have a view. I mean whether that mean what we accrued on our reserves is going to hold up. I think we're -- again, we're very comfortable that we've got a prudent provision for COVID-related claims, but it's going to take a while for everything to settle out. And from that point of view, I would think that a lot of our reserves will probably stay in IBNR for quite some time, and we'll see from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: A quickie and a longer one. The quickie is, so I understand that the expenses are elevated in the first quarter. But first quarter '20 didn't have the same elevated expenses. Can you talk about what was exceptional in that quarter? And why maybe, I'm thinking going forward, we should -- how we should think about 1Q expenses?
Francois Morin: Well, two things I'd say. One is, I encourage everyone to compare the first quarter 2020 expense ratio and operating expenses compared to the last 3 quarters of 2020. And there's a quite -- there's a good differential there. So that, I think, is -- that's what I was trying to refer to and recognize that there's -- what we saw in Q1 is -- '21, we don't expect is going to reoccur or is going to be the going forward rate. This quarter, a little bit more -- I mean, I don't want to get too much in the weeds, but there's a couple of things that, I think, impacted this quarter's results. One is, call it, short-term bonus-related compensation where we have a process where we accrue bonuses throughout the year and what we think is going to happen and when they get finalized in February, the following year, then there's a true up. And last year, based on where we were in the first -- certainly the first 6 to 9 months of the year, we slowed down our accruals a little bit because we didn't think that the performance would be there, and it turned out to be actually not as bad as we had thought at the time. So there's -- effectively, this quarter, there's a bit of a catch-up on the, call it, the bonus accrual that came through. So I call that a bit -- a one-off. And second, there's -- on the equity side, there's -- and performance shares that were introduced 3 years ago. Last year was the first time that -- or this year their first time they actually vested. And there's a final calculation that came through this quarter. And while we accrued for it, it's never quite perfect and we do our best. But it's a bit of a catch-up going on this quarter as well here. So I'd say those are the kind of two things I'd point you to. I think it's OpEx, we manage those. We track them very carefully. And unfortunately, there's a bit of noise from quarter-to-quarter. But as we look forward for the rest of the year, I think, we're very confident that they're going to trend down from the current level.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Great. And that's -- the second question is -- this is the back of the envelope calculation. Maybe I'm not exactly right. But it looks to me that you're carrying right now about $20,000 worth of reserves per mortgage default -- mortgage and default. And if I look back before the pandemic, you were like a little bit higher, maybe '21, but kind of your back to the same reserve per notice that you were before the pandemic. When I think about the pool of mortgage and default that you have right now, my thoughts would be that a higher probability of those are going to cure than in run rate conditions when people go into default. Am I wrong to think that? Do you think that when you think of the pool that the percentage that are going to cure is normal to history? Or do you think a higher percent will cure or higher will go into claim given the amount you're carrying for reserves? I guess there's a lot in there, but maybe give us some thoughts.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think, Josh, I think, to that probably a shorter answer than you might expect, actually. The fact is that it's very uncertain, and we took -- we did take -- we believe we've taken conservative, at least prudent numbers to put the reserve because of -- due to the tremendous uncertainty surrounding what was going to happen, however long the forbearance would take place, what would be in place, what would the economy turn around? How long would COVID last? And frankly, we're still -- again, like we said to you, Josh, we're still not out of the wood. So we have taken -- not only us, I think, as an industry, people have taken a somewhat prudent approach to reserving. You're right. We should expect, everything else being equal, and forbearance programs in the past have showed us that when you had an 8% ultimate claims rate on a regular delinquency. When you compare to the forbearance through a cat event, for instance, that is -- that would be sort of a 1% to 2% ultimate claims rate, but we decided to be a bit more careful and prudent in establishing reserve. And I would say that we haven't really changed our mind quite yet. I think we've also put a moratorium on our revising our prior reserves, and we'll see where the data takes us for the next several quarters. And I hope that your assumption on the back of the envelope is right. And I hope that we prove to ourselves that it was, yes, indeed, a regular -- a more of a regular forbearance phenomenon in terms of curing than more of a regular DQ phenomenon.
Josh Shanker: Is there a time line for when that moratorium ends? Or is that a subjective item?
Marc Grandisson: On our reserving, we -- I think -- I actually looked at the CFO, I think, they're pretty difficult. And I think we just have to take several more quarters. I don't think we're quite ready yet for that. I would expect, Josh, over the next 2, 3 quarters, it's certainly inflecting a lot quicker than we would have anticipated back in third quarter of 2020. So we're like you seeing things well, at some point, we'll need to be as we are, typically, well, when we have solid data to back it, we'll take action at that point in time. And I'm hoping that it's over the next 3 to 4 quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Collins with Dowling & Partners.
Geoff Dunn: It's actually Geoff Dunn. Two questions. One, just back on the provision this quarter from MI. Can you share the average severity assumption that went along with the 9/1 incidents? I think it was about $54,000 last quarter.
Marc Grandisson: $4,800.
Geoff Dunn: What was the total severity factor?
Marc Grandisson: 9.1%? Is that the one you're looking at?
Geoff Dunn: I'm sorry. So $4,800 was the actual vision and then [indiscernible]
Marc Grandisson: Have a reserve for annually. Yes. Yes.
Geoff Dunn: Okay. Perfect. And then secondly, Francois, you mentioned looking for dividends in the back half of the year from MI. How do you think about the capacity there, given that the surplus levels at both the primaries are down to about $200 million at year-end?
Francois Morin: Well, we've got room. That's for sure. The one thing that is a factor for us, and I'm sure many of the peers is contingency reserves. So there is a -- right? So it's not purely, I'd say, PMIs driven. There is an EIC constraints around the amount of dividends that we can declare based on contingency reserves and the 10-year time of that. So while -- on the face of it, you might say, "Oh, 190% PMI ratio, there's tons of capacity." We have some, and we're happy with it. But no question that we'll have to go through a bit more modeling and figure out how much we could move out. And then there's other sources for the -- for those funds. But ballpark, a couple of hundred million, I think, is easily -- assuming we get the approval from both the FHFA, the GSEs and the right -- the state regulators. And then if we can get more, we'll certainly try and do so.
Geoff Dunn: So when you say a couple of hundred million, does that assume that you can convince the regulators to let you release contingencies earlier? Or do you think you can bleed surplus down below $100 million at each of the operating companies?
Francois Morin: Well, no, we think, we -- it's -- we would be within -- we wouldn't do anything, any special dividends from the regulators. It'd be very much within what's allowed from the regulatory point of view.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions here for you. First, Marc, I'm just curious, now that Watford is going to be -- I guess, you own 40% of it. If you look at kind of the model there, it's a little different in the model you typically deploy in your traditional business. Combined ratio is well above 100%. Is there any thoughts to maybe changing the strategy there a little bit? Or are you going to keep the same one? And then as you book those numbers, are you going to assume those realized gains are kind of going through your operating results?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I'll let the second question to Francois. But the first part, Brian, is, I think, that, first, we have 40%, so we're not majority, so there's a Board of Directors. But I do believe that at heart, this is a harder market. This is a good market on the underwriting side. And I think that collectively, we believe that there is an opportunity to maybe focus more the risk or the effort of the capital towards the underwriting as opposed to the investment side of things, but this will have to take place over time, right? We'll have to also talk to our -- to the partners that are currently in Watford and see what expectations they have in the return. So this is an ongoing discussion. But at a high level, right, I think, that we should expect Watford to become a little bit more strategic from an opportunistic positioning right now at this point in the cycle based on the opportunities that we have right now. I think that the reliance on investment income was probably more in favor back in 2014, 2015.
Francois Morin: And quickly on part 2 of your question, Brian. The -- listen, with the acquisition, it opens up, I call it, a little window for us to take a harder look at accounting policies. And what you mentioned around realized gains is something that we'll look at as well in the -- at closing. I mean we were already looking at it. I mean it's just a matter of -- we got a few documents and agreements that need to get finalized. But we'll be -- we'll make sure we communicate to you exactly how -- if things are going to change, how they're going to impact our financials.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then, Marc, my second question is, some of the, I guess, calls we've heard so far from the insurance brokers this quarter, have highlighted the fact that new business has gotten competitive. Renewals, companies still try to raise prices, but new business is getting much more competitive. I'm just curious, are you seeing that. And what does that potentially mean for the kind of length and duration of the cycle? Are we getting towards the end when that happens?
Marc Grandisson: No, I don't think so. I think that the -- some comments were made as well, Brian, about the E&S market, so they've been vibrant, which is a good sign of not dislocation, but really a renewed or a new underwriting appetite by the Main Street writers. That's not going away. In new business, it's normal to be expected, right? I think we went through the first year from underwriting, shuffling and readjusting to the new underwriting policy to now, well, let's say, what do we have and what do we want to focus on in terms of new business and maybe seek and grow that. And frankly, all of us here, right, Brian, talk about how the good the market is. So I think it probably makes them a little bit more willing to take on those policies. But I think it's a hardening market. I will add that new business could be more competitive, but the rates are not going down. I mean it's not like somebody is coming to undercut, which is really the important factor here. I do believe that the new business, typically -- we were once, way, way, way back when a new player in the marketplace. And I do believe that we had pretty lofty expectation in terms of pricing, we would need to get on that piece of business. And I'm expecting -- and that's what we're saying. We're not seeing a softening from that positioning from the external world. And frankly, Brian, I mean, the existing players are not growing so significantly that it's creating a lot of competition necessary, right? The new business is probably -- probably needs to find a new home with new players. So that's not that surprising. So I wouldn't lose -- I'm not losing sleep over this. Hard market does not last forever as you can appreciate. But we're already in the second round of this. I wouldn't be surprised we have another round to go. And even after that, Brian, it takes a bit longer for things to get softer yet again to the point of not getting the returns. So we have win our sales for a little while here.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then one just last quick one here. I noticed your construction and national accounts business finally started to grow, again, in the first quarter. Is there anything unusual there? Or is that something that we should see picking up growth as the economy improves?
Marc Grandisson: I think a couple of things. I think seeking quality accounts. There's still some shuffling of accounts around. Some people are debating what to do, stay with clients. We're able -- we have a very good product offering both on these instances. And this is -- these are 2 areas actually where -- I referred to in my comments where that didn't seem to be moving a whole lot. And then we're seeing, finally, for the first time and on rates moving in the right direction. As you can appreciate, right, a lot of it is work is comp-driven, but it's still -- we can still see clients working with us as we evidence the lack of interest in investment income, some COVID exposure. So I think we're seeing some good traction there and still offering good product. But we have to be careful obviously. We're here of the long haul. This is a franchise positioning for us. It's a little bit of everything. It's a really good story for us, and I'm glad you picked that up, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Han with KBW.
Derek Han: So my first question is, you talked about strong pricing and new accounts driving growth in the property business line within reinsurance. How are you thinking about the loss trends in that line of business, both in reinsurance and insurance?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So very much with the same way we would the other lines of business, Derek, where we would look at the history of the loss cost and modeling out in terms of specifically talking about cat loss specifically. Just looking at the cat history of these accounts that are similar. If it's a reinsurance portfolio then it's the experience on the portfolio. And build in some modeling magic, I would call it, based on our own expectations of demand surge or maybe some on-model perspective. And we just price it this way to make sure we have a healthy level of margin. And it's really nothing new from what we've had historically. I think on property, the one beautiful thing about property is the feedback loop is a lot quicker as opposed to a GL portfolio where it may take you 4, 5, 6, 10 years sometimes to really figure out whether you did the right thing and you price your goods at the right level, property allows us to do a lot of repricing. And right now, our ability to grow in that lines of business is because we're also willing and able to go anywhere on the reinsurance side for that matter in terms of core share or risk access where some of the other players out there could be a little bit more reluctant to go. And just one thing you have to keep in mind when you price for business and property, you can't just take the last data point and say, this is going to be the recurring one. You have to take a small -- a longer-term period with the proper caveat on the margin for safety to price. So I'm trying to give you a 25-year knowledge base in 5 minutes, I'm not sure I'll be doing that great. But I think, hopefully, it gives you a good flavor for it.
Francois Morin: Yes. And -- but the only thing I'd add to that, I think, there's certainly been a lot of press in the last few weeks and months around building materials, costs going through the roof in some areas. So that's certainly something that our underwriters are fully aware of and fully engaged in adjusting their view of price as they trend. And so that's part of the underwriting decision when you're in some parts of the country where cost of materials, whether through shortage or just a lot of significant demand, I think, that is impacting the trends or the pricing that we're trying to get on the product. So I'd say that's maybe a bit more on the insurance side, more direct, but I think it's a bit of a something that is more top of mind currently.
Derek Han: That's really helpful. And then I have a quick second question. There was a sequential increase in the MI G&A ratio. Was that all incentive comp?
Francois Morin: Well, there's a couple of things. I mean, sequential, there's always -- Q1 is, yes, there's current, but there's also -- and it gets very granular around payroll taxes. And there's other things that we're just -- we pick up more of those expenses in the first quarter, and they do decrease over time throughout the year. So I'd say, yes, for the most part, is -- incentive comp is a big part of it, but there's also a few other things that just enhance that or make it stand out a bit more. But again, from our point of view or your point of view, you should fully expect a return back to a lower level and starting in the second quarter.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you for joining us this morning, and we're looking forward for better news, hopefully, in the second quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2020 Arch Capital Group Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's Web site. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sir, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Good morning, Liz. Good Morning and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Overall, we are pleased with the current market conditions and the opportunities available to Arch as we close out 2020 and spring into 2021. One of our fundamental principles is that achieving growth and book value per share above the cost of capital over the long run is the best way to create and sustain shareholder value. We believe we delivered on that front in 2020. Our disciplined underwriting and diversified business model enabled Arch to grow its year-end book value per share by 5.4% over the third quarter and by 14.7% for the last 12 months. We've responded to broadly hardening market conditions and as a result, all three of our segments grew their premium writings in the quarter. In particular, the hardening markets allowed for significant growth within our P&C units, increasing our net premium written for the P&C by 32% for the full year. On the whole for 2020 we achieved an operating profit of $557 million and grew book value to $30.31 per share. Now, as most of you know, cycle management is core to who we are. Arch lean strongly into improving markets because history has shown that times like these are when superior risk adjusted returns gradually compound and accelerate book value growth and Arch is positioned to significantly expand as others derisk, rethink their underwriting strategies or even retrench. As we look at the opportunities ahead for Arch. I'm reminded of a situation in hockey that is exciting for any fan. In hockey, you get a one player advantage, if the other team takes a penalty. It's called a power play. When that happens, a few things need to be kept in mind as you deploy your specialty power play unit to try and improve the odds of scoring. You need to have a clear five on four strategy you need to be defensively savvy enough to not forget to protect your own zone and you need to have a sense of urgency because the clock will stick done and you will soon be back to even strength. These are the few moments that make a difference in a hockey game. The advantages position we find ourselves in is similar to that hockey power play where the odds are in our favor. I'm proud of how our team performed last year during the challenges of 2020. Now after spending a good portion of their last several years in a defensive position, we're embracing a more offensive mindset. Here's what that looked like in the fourth quarter. Let's begin with our insurance segment. Across our worldwide Insurance Group, renewal rate change has increased approximately 12% up to 200 bps from the prior quarters rate changes. Our fourth quarter growth occurred in many lines, with D&O, property, energy and marine all exhibiting strong advances. E&S casualty and our alternative markets business also grew this quarter. We believe that rate momentum in these lines is healthy and we also see it building in other lines albeit at a slower pace. Increasing margins helped improve our insurance accident year x cat loss ratio which decreased by 4.6 percentage points in the fourth quarter. As you may know, the full effects of increased rate levels can take approximately five quarters to become 40 reflected in underwriting margins. So today, we are earning the higher rates from the past year. In addition, our operating expense ratio has benefited from rising production this past year. We are pleased with the continuing progress achieved by our Insurance Group in the last two years. Turning next to our reinsurance segment, underwriting results were significantly better than the fourth quarter of 2019 despite the impact of $94 million worth of cap losses, while market conditions are not uniformly strong in the reinsurance sector, dislocation from other carriers that are reducing their positions is creating pockets with heartening rates that Arch is well positioned to capitalize on. Reinsurance also benefits from the underlying insurance market rate increases through its clients. For 2020, we grew reinsurance net written premium by 53% with the two main areas of growth being non-cap property and specialty. At the January 2021 renewals, we saw continued rate increases in most areas. However, we agree with the market consensus that property cap pricing moves were more subdued than expected or hoped, as capacity for that risk still remains strong. Accordingly, we maintain a cautious approach to this business. Our mortgage segment delivered good returns in both the fourth quarter and for the entire year despite the economic headwinds. We are confident in the continued earnings strength of this segment and frankly, the uncertainty we were facing during the early stages of COVID has been largely mitigated. Both premium rates and the credit quality of the new insurance written improved in 2020 and accordingly, the return on capital for our new U.S. MI business is essentially back to 2018 level, which was a strong year. Here's why MI is unwell this past year. First, housing markets have remained strong despite the difficult economic conditions. Second, the government forbearance program achieved largely what it was intended to do, which was to provide financial respite to many homeowners; and third credit criteria in the mortgage sector tightened in 2020 and as you know, credit quality is a critical factor in determining underwriting profitability. On a side note, just yesterday, the FHFA announced that a forbearance program has been extended an additional three months, which should help further mitigate the risk in our delinquency inventory. The delinquency rate of our portfolio decreased by 50 bps sequentially in the fourth quarter and year-end roughly two-thirds of our delinquent loans were in the government sponsored forbearance program. We currently estimate that 89% of delinquent borrowers in our portfolio at year end have at least 10% equity in their homes and as we have discussed on prior calls, the amount of equity in a home is a single most important factor in determining MI losses, as it plays a significant role in mitigating claim activity. We are cautiously optimistic that delinquencies will continue to cure as vaccines enable the economies to reopen. Importantly, record home purchases in the U.S. in 2020, supported a 5% price appreciation nationwide, while historically low interest rates, accelerated housing and refinance demand. This enabled Arch U.S. to report record NIW of 38 billion in the fourth quarter of 2020, up nearly 60% from the same period in 2019. Our outlook for continued growth in 2021 remains positive. Turning back to the current fate of the P&C cycle, there are three conditions that we believe will persist and help sustain the improved underwriting environment. One, social inflation and reserving problems and are starting to apply pressure for companies that haven't been prudent enough; two, anemic investment yields require a sharper focus on underwriting profit; and three, a return to a post-COVID world should accelerate economic activity and increase the demand for insurance. Each of these conditions will put pressure on results for the industry. Our conservative approach to reserving over the past several years means that we are well positioned to drive results in P&C going forward since we expect, our future returns to better reflect current and forward pricing. Finally, with better visibility into the overall economic conditions and with more clarity on the mortgage and P&C prospects, along with our strong capital generation, we see a compelling opportunity to invest in our shares at very attractive returns, François will talk to it in a moment. This recent share repurchase is a testament to our capital strategy and designed to enhance shareholder value over the long-term. We still have ample resources to deploy towards new growth and feel confident in our team's ability to be creative in order to capitalize on the opportunities before us. This is a time in the game where our cycle management strategy allows us to play offense and deploy capital dynamically to generate above average returns. And now I'll turn the game commentary over to François.
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. We at Arch hope that you are in good health and that 2021 is off to a good start. On to the fourth quarter results, as a reminder and consistent with prior practice, the following comments are on a core basis which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding the other segment, i.e., the operations of Watford Holdings Limited, in our filings the term consolidated includes Watford. After tax operating income for the quarter was $230.4 million which translates to an annualized 7.7% operating return on average common equity and $0.56 per share. For the year, our operating return on average common equity stood at 4.8%, while the return on average common equity stood at 11.8%. Book value per share increased to $30.31 at December 31, up 5.4% from last quarter and 14.7% from one year ago, again, an excellent result despite the strong headwinds from catastrophe losses this year, which is a testament to the resilience of our operations and our superior diversification strategy. Losses from 2020 catastrophic events in the quarter including COVID-19 net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $156.4 million, or 9.4 combined ratio points, compared to 2.2 combined ratio points in the fourth quarter of 2019. The losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments, primarily as a result of a series of natural catastrophes in the quarter, including Hurricanes Delta and Zeta and other smaller events, as well as adjustments to our estimates for events that occurred earlier in 2020. Our best estimate of ultimate losses for COVID-19, for occurrences through December 31, remained essentially unchanged from prior estimates. As of December 31, the vast majority of our COVID-19 claims are yet to be settled or paid, with approximately two-thirds of the inception to-date incurred loss amount recorded as incurred, but not reported IBNR reserves or as additional case reserves within our insurance and reinsurance segments. As regards to the potential impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment, as Marc alluded to, the delinquency rate at the end of the quarter was 4.19%, down from 4.69% at September 30. We are encouraged with a downward trend and delinquency rates over the last few quarters, which continue to come in significantly better than our earlier forecasts. Our latest assessment of the situation assumes a progressively improving economy in 2021, which should bode well for the housing sector and the performance of our book as we move forward. In the insurance segment, net written premium grew 21.6% over the same quarter one year ago, 29.6% if we exclude the impact of the pandemic on our travel, accident and health unit. The insurance segment's accident in the quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 93.6%, lower by 800 basis points over the same period one year ago. Approximately 360 basis points of the difference is due to our lower expense ratio, primarily from the growth in the premium base from one year ago and continued lower levels of travel and entertainment expenses. The lower ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio reflects the benefits of rate increases achieved over the last 12 months and changes in our mix of business, prior period net loss reserve development net of related adjustments was favorable at 1.2 million. As for our reinsurance operations, we had strong growth of 44.9% in net written premiums on a year-over-year basis, which was observed across most of our lines and includes a combination of new business opportunities, rate increases and the integration of the Barbican reinsurance business. The segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 82.1% compared to 92.3% on the same basis 1 year ago. The year-over-year movement is primarily driven by rate change activity over the last 12 months, in a more normal level of large attritional losses compared to a year ago. Most of the remaining difference is explained by operating expense ratio improvements, primarily resulting from the growth and earned premium. Favorable prior period net losses reserve development, net of related adjustments was $40.5 million, or 6.9 combined ratio points, compared to 4.9 combined ratio points in the fourth quarter of 2019. The development was mostly in short-tail lines. The mortgage industry had a second consecutive record breaking quarter in terms of mortgage originations, which allowed Arch MI to produce 38 billion of NIW in the fourth quarter, a full 15.9% higher than our prior high watermark. With refinance activity leveling off from prior peaks, we saw our insurance in force increase by 2.5% across the mortgage segment. The combined ratio was 45.1% reflecting the lower level of new delinquencies reporting during the quarter. The expense ratio was slightly lower over the same quarter over one year ago and prior period net loss reserve development was favorable at 8.2 million this quarter, mostly from our second lien runoff portfolios. Improving investor sentiment enabled Arch to issue two Bellemeade transactions during the fourth quarter at terms that are getting closer to pre-pandemic levels. You will recall that we discussed our 2020-3 transaction on the last call and on the run deal covering our production from June through August of 2020. Our latest transaction Bellemeade 2020-4 provides additional protection on mortgages we insured in the second half of 2019 and already covered by our 2020-1 Bellemeade transaction by effectively reducing the original retention from 7.5% to 1.85% of the risk in force. At the year end, the Bellemeade structure has provided approximately $4 billion of aggregate reinsurance coverage. Total investment return for the quarter was positive 246 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis. And we ended the year with our investment portfolio producing a 7.77% total return. While our fixed income portfolio generated an excellent return of 188 bps in the quarter, contributions from our equity and alternative investments were also significant and represented approximately 40% of the total return for the quarter. The duration of our investment portfolio would decrease modestly to 3.01 years at year end, reflecting our ongoing positioning of the portfolio towards shorter term maturities. The effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was 6.8% in the quarter, reflecting changes in the full year estimated tax rate, the geographic mix of our pre-tax income and a benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. We currently estimate the full year tax rate to be in the 10% to 12% range for 2021. Turning briefly to risk management, our natural cat PML on a net basis decreased slightly to 860 million as of January 1 which at approximately 7.4% of tangible common equity remains well below our internal limits at the single event 1-in-250 year return level. The decrease in our Peak Zone PML this quarter is mostly attributable to our E&S property unit within the insurance segment where we reduced property aggregates in the Florida, Tri-County Peak Zone and made selective additions to our reinsurance purchases. Our balance sheet remains strong and our debt plus preferred leverage ratio stood at 22.1% at year end well within a reasonable range. Finally, on the capital front, we repurchased approximately 251,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $8 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. It is worth noting that we have since repurchased an additional 2.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of 83.6 million in the first quarter of 2021 under a rule 10b5 plan that we implemented during this quarter's close window period. Our remaining share authorization currently stands at 833 million. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Elyse Greenspan, Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is related to your returns, Marc, I think in the prepared remarks you associated with mortgage business going back to return on capital levels from 2018. And I'm hoping since for all three businesses insurance, reinsurance, mortgage, can you give us a sense of the return profile, the business you're writing today versus, what you would have said, if I'd asked the same question 12 months ago?
Marc Grandisson: I think the high level of 2018, sort of long-term expected return on MI was roughly in the mid teens. So we're not going back to that level, which is really a good place for us to be. On the insurance, I think that we had a bit of a decrease in expected returns, even though the combined ratio did not, get that much better for the industry. But right now, if you factor in all the rate changes and everything, we think we're in the double-digit in insurance return. And we think that reinsurance is a little bit in between those two. So we have a really, really different, risk adjusted return profile in our portfolio that has improved and largerly as a result of the price increase, not as a result of the investment return as you know Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question on, I think you alluded to this a little bit in your prepared remarks, Marc, when you were mentioning a few issues that would help from the pricing momentum side, like persisting from here. A big question, that I get is, does this momentum persist through 2021 and perhaps beyond and can you obviously, different dynamics in the insurance and reinsurance P&C markets. But, can you just give us a sense, based off of what you know, today, do you think that the pricing momentum can persist through 2021 in insurance and also reinsurance.
Marc Grandisson: We expect it to be the case, Elyse, because of all the factors I mentioned, the social inflation, there's a lot of uncertainty in terms of loss ratio picks, for years, specifically 2015, through '19, as we all know. It sort of makes for correcting some of the ongoing pricing so that's definitely sustainable, we do not have as much, protection from the investment returns so that puts a lot of pressure on the returns for the industry. And uncertainty and lack of people coverage and we also had a fair amount of cat losses in the last three or four years. So, there's a lot going on, a lot more risk out there. So I think, overall, collectively as an industry, we all collectively think and know and believe that we need to get better rate and better pricing, because the risk is not being rewarded accordingly. As in every hardening market, what the length is like, how long is the piece of string, but I think that our hardening market does not only last four or five quarters, I think as you have this initial stages of the initial reaction of rate increases, then you get momentum building in the underwriters mentality, the brokers are sort of accepting as being sort of a new way to deal and do the business. And eventually that builds upon itself, I would fully expect to be lasting to 2021 and into 2022. This is what we believe at this point in time.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. One last numbers question. You guys mentioned the PML going up a little bit but in terms of your cat load, I think in the past aren't used to talk to like 40 million of quarterly cats, obviously, we've seen growth in cat reinsurance and other property related lines like you mentioned, how should we think about the cat load from here?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I mean, no question that we've written a lot more property premium in the last, I want to say four to six quarters we've really ramped up our property exposures. I mean, there's a lot of -- in different areas, as you know, different lines of business, U.S. International, et cetera. Yes, so the cat load, I think on a quarterly basis has definitely gone up from what we were -- in the old days, thinking about, like, 40 million a quarter. It's still evolving, but I'd say it's probably more than $60 million to $70 million range right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Follow up on mortgage insurance and Elyse's question. If you're talking about, you're encouraged about the downward delinquency rates and assuming the economy progressively improves and you think you mentioned mortgage biz can throw off return some of 2018 levels? So are you saying kind of directionally, we should be thinking about a combined ratio that continues to move south that kind of towards 2018 levels or the capital assumptions changed since then?
Marc Grandisson: No, Mike. Talking about combined ratio, capital is a different story, because it's a bit of a lagging indicator based on the delinquencies we have. But if you look at the combined ratio, yes, we think that we're tending to go towards more -- so the run rate that we had in 2018, we're just caveat that there was some prior development -- favorable development in 2018. So that will probably adjust for that. But certainly the long-term range of 35 to 45 is not something that is out of the realm of no real possibility if you look at 2018. And I think, depending on what, how the economy recovers that could be in the lower end of that and it's a couple things still develop in a different direction, it might be a bit on the higher side, but you're right, it should be getting closer to where we were in 2018, in terms of combined ratio.
Mike Zaremski: Switching gears to the -- the non-MI insurance segments, the expense ratio has been better than expected for a number of quarters and you guys have called out some items, maybe you can kind of remind us and talk to kind of watch what you think is kind of cyclical. And what's kind of structural in terms of the expense ratio improvements?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think this is more structural, I would say, Mike, because right now, you have to factor in the fact that our platform grew both sides, both in the sense of growing the top-line for organic lines of business. And we also had the acquisition in London and really pushed to be much more relevant, much more bigger in London. So our international operations also gained scale. So if you now look at the overall structure or the way the company is laid out in terms of top-line and the way the expenses is constructed between the unit, I think it's much more of a structural change. I would say that it's probably 50:50. But the growth is certainly something that's really important in terms of helping that grow. So that could also get, presumably a bit better over time. But I would also tell you that the growth in our operating expense on the insurance side has lagged the growth in our top-line, which is what we should expect because a lot of the increase if not more work, even though we are writing more business, a lot of the increase in premium is just rate in and of itself. So I think that the company is flexing itself in terms of top-line growth and expense, deployment very, very nicely so a bit more structural than I would have told you probably two years ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: I guess my first question revolves around MI. Do you have any comments or thoughts around potential changes to FHA fees and its potential -- their potential impact on MI business?
François Morin: Yes. Listen it's still early on. It is a new administration change, couple of things going on all over the place, Washington, I'm sure they're very busy right now trying to changing things. We hear the same things that you guys hear about 25 bps, potential price cut that FHA could put in there. And as a reminder for everyone if you take a step back, the FHA was a large market share provider of MI insurance and all in the years where the PMI, private mortgage insurance were not in great of a shape. And, frankly, that was needed to fill the gap and fill the void if you will, of the need for the homeowners and mortgage providers. So this has changed, I think that the FHA, also ultimate role and core role is to provide, mortgage insurance for the ones those are probably could be perceived as this more risky for the private sector. And so we've done the analysis, which means that if you look at our portfolio on, we're high FICO, very high quality, most of the borrowers that we have on our portfolio do not really need to consider FHA. So, from our perspective, we'll react obviously to whatever's out there. But we, we believe that this if it comes to fruition at 25 bps rate cut in FHA will help to lower FICO and high LTV borrower, which is really not the ones affecting and the ones that we're currently having success with, because our pricing is actually better, if you compare our pricing versus the FHA in that sector, our pricing is better and execution is cheaper for the borrower, so we're not losing sleep over that.
Yaron Kinar: And then, my second question, you previously talked, I think about shifting capital deployment from MI more into P&C, I think last call you used more of a basketball analogy that was easier for me to follow. Thank you for explaining. But I guess as market conditions, your views on market conditions change a bit, seems like reinsurance may be a little less exciting then maybe a quarter or two, the outlook was a quarter two ago and MI maybe a little better than the outlook was a quarter or two ago? Does your appetite for capital deployment between the three segments, has that shifted, or will it shift into 2021?
Marc Grandisson: I wouldn't say it shifts in any major way. I think we see all three segments with very good opportunities in front of them. And maybe, we'd argue somewhere overdue, especially on the P&C side. So we're bullish there. Mortgage has always been and basketball, 7.6 guy down low and ready for dunks and that hasn't really changed in our view. So yeah, I mean, we got certainly have more visibility into what the ultimate or what the current market conditions are -- especially in mortgage, given what we -- the second half of the year how things progress. And that's good. I mean, that's something that we take -- I think it works in our favor. So, but in a big picture, we don't see major changes in how we deploy capital. And Yaron, one thing I wouldn't mention to you that it's always -- it's hard for people not to see us being in Bermuda as being a property cat writer on the reinsurance side, but I would argue that, yes, on property cat side is not as good and you've heard it from other people. And we certainly agree with that. But we're still growing in areas that are non-property cat right exposed. So we're seeing a lot of other lines to be honest, between United are actually better now or the prospects for '21 better than they were in 2020. We're not growing necessarily in the one that get a better headline, if you will, from your perspective, but by and large, I think that our prospects is very, very good on the reinsurance side, very much so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jammi Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jammi Bhullar: I had a couple of questions. First, if you could just talk about your sort of comfort level with the RBI reserves given that the developments in the U.S. seem to be favoring the industry for the most part. So do you feel like you're overly conservative on your reserves? And obviously, internationally, things haven't gone as well. And then I have another one as well.
Marc Grandisson: We never would say that we're overly conservative. We want to be prudent and conservative for sure in how we set reserves. I'd say starting again with international which maybe has gotten a bit more a headlight -- made the headlines a bit more. Our position hasn't changed in the U.K., again, the book we have as a small regional book. We're well protected by reinsurance protection. So we feel that the reserves we have there, even after the call it slightly adverse rulings from the courts in the U.K. are going to affect our bottom-line, so no changes from our point of view there. And in the U.S., for the most part, as you said, all the rulings have kind of been in favor of the industry, a couple of places where there is maybe some that didn't go as expected, but on those items, our view is that the policies that were being challenged were manuscript policy. So not the standard ISO form that we typically use without necessarily the strong wording around virus exclusions and property damage, the trigger coverage. So on both those fronts, we get, as we said, before, vast majority of our policies well north of 90%, across the book that has these -- both of these call it protections. So we're very confident that our results -- our reserves at this point won't develop adversely and we will keep looking at it but we're in a good spot.
Jammi Bhullar: And I think you said about two thirds or three fourths were IBNR as of last quarter, what's that number now?
Marc Grandisson: Two-thirds, went down a little bit. So roughly from 75 to 67, roughly and it hasn't changed much. And some of that is around as you can expect mostly on the reinsurance side, right, a lot of our reserves are still on the reinsurance side with significant IBNR and ACRS on that book.
Jammi Bhullar: And then on buybacks, you did a decent amount in, you've done a lot of this year. So what's driving your sort of action there? Is it the stock price, is it I'm assuming there's decent opportunity to deploy capital in your businesses given pricing? But what drove the big up tick in buybacks versus what you've done in the last few quarters?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, certainly more visibility. I think that we said that from the start, at the end of the first quarter of last year, we said, listen, we're going to take a little bit of a pause, because we need to know where things are going to play out and mortgage being a major driver in that performance. You've seen the results. So we were a lot more confident where the economy is going, vaccines are rolling out. So there's a lot of things that yes, we'll take some time. But, as we look forward, I think that gives us a lot more comfort that the worst is behind us and that gives us a more clarity on how do we deploy capital, we're still in an online world, we are fully capable of doing both, we want to grow the book and also buy back shares. There's no reason why they have to be exclusive. We think our growth is still very strong, we expect to keep growing in '21 and across the book. But we also see a good opportunity at the current level, pricing levels for the stock to buy back at this point.
Marc Grandisson: So before we get to the next one, I think I have to stop the broadcast, I think I believe we have a breaking news just hit the wire. So I think we have to go to François for some commentary that he wants to share with us.
François Morin: Long overdue Marc, but just wanted to take advantage of the opportunity to fill everybody on the call on the latest developments with our proposed acquisition of a 29.5% ownership stake in Coface, the global trade credit insurer. To confirm what some of you may have seen across the business wire over the last few minutes, if they weren't paying attention to what we were saying but we closed on this transaction within Texas earlier today. And the reason for the timing is that we have to wait for their markets to close which they have so the consideration paid by Arch was €9.95 per share for an aggregate 453 million euros in aggregate including related fees. In connection with our minority stake in the company Arch now has four representatives on the Coface Board of Directors. As we stated before, we continue to view this transaction as an investment and we currently do not intend to increase our ownership position in Coface. From a financial reporting perspective, you should all expect us to include our proportionate share of Coface's results in our financials starting next quarter. We intend to report the contribution in a new separate line titled equity method earnings from operating affiliates, which will be included in our definition of operating earnings. This line will also include the contributions from other non-consolidated affiliates, such as premier holdings. So that's the breaking news, Marc.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, François for the update. And Liz, if we can go back to Mr. Dunn who is waiting in line I believe.
Operator: Geoff Dunn with Dowling & Partners.
Q - Geoff Dunn: Couple of questions on MI. First of all, what was the incidence assumption for the current period provision as well as the average severity factor this quarter.
A - Marc Grandisson: So 9.4% for the new annuities in the quarter and the average reserve for the Q was a little bit over 5000, pretty much in line with the third quarter, Geoff, because the risk that came in were a little bit less coverage in this quarter. So that would explain the average thing a bit lower, or bit more in line.
Q - Geoff Dunn: Okay. And so as you think about '20, or the first part of '21, there, to my knowledge, they extended the forbearance period of 15 months, but you can't enter new forbearance activity. So what did your provision for non-forbearance loans? Are your incidence assumption for non-forbearance loans look like in the fourth quarter?
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. I don't think we did not -- the way we reserve it, we sort of tried to make an overall all encompassing assessment and put that in that number. So I think that's what you might have said, might have thought in the past, our number could have been a bit higher. So we think that we have enough in the reserving in totality, based on the number of factors we've used.
Q - Geoff Dunn: Okay, but with forbearance options going away fair to assume that instance assumption will probably climb in the first half?
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes, Geoff, we might, but we'll have to evaluate when we get there. I think you're right. I mean, so you have to till February 28, to actually ask for this -- be under the forbearance program. So we'll see how that develops. We have a surge in a couple of weeks of people asking for forbearance that might help. Again, more, we'll have to readjust Geoff, as we see the end of the quarter, we'll have another month of non-forbearance, effective new, not new forbearance. So we'll have to reevaluate when we get there.
Q - Geoff Dunn: Okay. And then, within the PML, can you talk a little bit about what drove the pretty notable sequential drop in earned premium, as well as some of the movement on both the expense lines? Was there any reallocation on the expense stuff?
A - Marc Grandisson: Specific to any segments or I mean…
Q - Geoff Dunn: Premium line was down 15 million sequentially. And then you had some just -- looks like a little bit of abnormal movement, particularly in the acquisition expense line fell to the third quarter, but just a little bit more volatility than what we tend to see.
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. The first one, I'd say, a) was a -- I call it an accounting catch up or true up on our Australian business, how we on the written side. So that I'd say that's more of a one-off kind of blip that we had to adjust for, or was actually was present last quarter and more than this quarter. So that's how that explains that movement. On the acquisition, there's -- we entered into a quota share agreement, starting last, at the middle of the year, covering our U.S. MI book and that actually gives us, a benefit in terms of the acquisition, it's a reduction towards the acquisition during the seeding commission. So that is what is starting to flow through in our numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Stefano with Deutsche Bank.
Q - Philip Stefano: So you had mentioned that roughly two thirds of the defaults are in forbearance, I was hoping you could give us a flavor for how many people are nearing the end of their forbearance window and how many people in forbearance does it feel like are apparent on their mortgages?
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. The numbers we report to you are that are in forbearance and who have skipped two payments at least. So we have a few more, as you could appreciate, that are in forbearance and are still current. The data is coming in very, very haphazardly. So it's very -- I wish that we are constantly asking and prodding for that kind of information. I think that most of the forbearance that are still there are lower in the year, most of the forbearance that were declared early in April, May June, the vast majority of them have cured by now. So it seems to be the pattern of getting to forbearance and sort of thing in there for four, five months, and then eventually things get back to normalcy. So that's what we would expect it to be the case going forward.
Q - Philip Stefano: I think the one question that we're trying to get to and I get a lot of questions about is, you had mentioned 89% of the delinquents have at least 10% in equity in the home. And you had talked about the visibility allowing you to repurchase shares. I mean, what point do we get visibility that maybe the MI reserves are a little more redundant and we can start to see a release there? How do we think about what you are looking for in the visibility to adjust that.
A - Marc Grandisson: So from your lips to God's ear, I hope you're right, that it's going to be redundant, we'll see, only time will tell for us. I think the way we look at reserve, Phil is very simple, it's just -- we have to wait to get the data that we feel confident that we're going to get there. And as you know, you've seen us do the reserving on MI and P&C for a long time. You tell me when a forbearance program is done, and when the unemployment rate goes down to three or four and the economy picks up again, then I'll have a better sense for what it is. So we hope -- having said all this, I hope that by the summer after the vaccines have been rolled out that we'll have much, much better visibility as to what, if any, the reserve needs to be released or is not necessary to pick links.
Q - Philip Stefano: Understood. Okay and switching gears on the reinsurance business, I appreciate the remarks you made in response to an earlier question. Is there any way you can help frame for us what the opportunity is for premium volume? So maybe, how their one one's go versus last year? Or how should we thinking about the growth potential in 2021?
A - Marc Grandisson: I think the growth in 2021 should be more in line at least, what we have seen last year. I think the opportunities on the reinsurance side -- I think the reinsurance opportunities are still very, very solid, very strong. They're not necessary as I mentioned earlier, in a traditional property cat arena, but we're definitely looking at a lot of transactions and a lot of them will have to do with what you would expect a reinsurance company to be providing, which is capital, as we get into harder market, a lot of people -- some of our clients are looking for capital at least looking for validation of their plan going forward and want to make sure that they -- they reunderwrite and repurpose their book of business that we're there to help them. And we're able in that case to help them get through that transition period. So the opportunity in reinsurance was great last year and I think it's actually very, very good again, as we go this year. One interesting fact for everyone that one of the key leading indicator to us, to me, at least personally, based on my history, as to what is a leading indicator of the treaty reinsurance conditions are, the facultative industry is still really, really strong. And you typically have a hard market or hardening market for as long as the fact market goes, you'll have a treaty market, no staying strong, well beyond that a year to two years beyond that. So we expect that to be yet again, a strong leading indicator and we are facultative team is telling us that it's a really good market for them at this point in time, which is encouraging.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KB W.
Q - Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. So two questions on the P&C side. First, Arch's confidence in the pricing cycle is clearly borne itself out. But is it safe to say that maybe this is as good as it gets on the property cat side because there is this level of capital available? So that cycle will play out along historical lines?
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. I will tell you Meyer is my experience, we did a lot of property cat writing in 01 in 02 and if you remember, at Arch, we were not heavily focused on property cat XL at the time, we were more on the liability side and the market was going down in 04 and well in 05. And we thought we had seen the last of the hard market for a little while and Katrina Rita and Wilma happened it change the whole thing. So my answer to you is, I don't know. I don't know is the short answer. I think that there's clearly a lot of capital that, again, found its way over the last four or five years. And once capital found its way to a niche, it gets sticky, it wants to stay there for a while and we will sort of justify itself for a while longer, perhaps than it should. But I think we're always hopefully it doesn't happen but we could be one major event away from changing the perception of risk in that area. And that I think will mean actually probably a much harder market you would expect Meyer because the volatility and the knee jerk reaction would be like an elastic like when this happens. I think you'll have a -- you may have a massive excessive capital out of the door. And that might create more opportunities for us. I'm not saying it will happen Meyer but I could see a scenario where your premise does not actually hold true. So there's always a chance.
Q - Meyer Shields: Okay. No, I just want to understand what you're thinking about. Second, you talk, I think on the insurance segment about market dislocation. And I think maybe the sense is out there that that has been a major factor or was a major factor in 2020. But now most companies are kind of settling down and are comfortable with their books of business. Are you still seeing like today, that level of market dislocation?
A - Marc Grandisson: Dislocation is, you're right, there's some realignment, there is a couple of people, going back to the market, this is truly happening. But it's not across the board. And there are still, we believe bad news that needs to come find their way through the system. And that might make somewhat of a difference as we go forward. But again, if you had a 20% rate increase on one transaction on the insurance side this year and you had, this is on top of a 10% last year, if you get rate on, rate on rate perhaps three times it's not a bad place to be and plus, I think what we hear Meyer for what it's worth, and it's actually not insignificant, we're hearing terms and conditions funny changing and moving in the right direction. So rates will move first and terms and conditions sort of follow right behind them, we're hearing that this is what's happening in marketplace. So even though we may not have a headline, going as high in terms of reaching it as much as it was over last two, three years. I think underlying conditions in their policies, could actually help improve it way beyond the number that we see on -- as the headline number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Q - Brian Meredith: Couple of them for you here. The first one, Marc, first, I wonder if you could just confirm it used to be that your determination on whether you buy back your stock or not is that if you could actually recoup the premium you paid relative to book value over a three year period? Is that still the case? And if it is, does that basically mean that you could just continue to be pretty aggressive with your share buyback given where your stocks trading right now?
A - Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think that rule of thumb is still in place. I mean, obviously, it's not a black and white. I mean, there's always factors we consider around deploying, whether there's business opportunities and et cetera. But, yes, we still think in those terms of the buyback, the premium we bake and we want to earn it back over -- no more than three years. And you're right, I mean, I think the fact that the stock price is not as, is below that level, suggest that maybe we'll be up there buying more stock as we go through the year. Well, we'll assess, obviously, as we every day, every quarter, we will look at what's in front of us but for the time being, I think we're certainly something we're considering and we probably will do more of.
Q - Brian Meredith: And then just on that topic. So just maybe a little bit on uses of capital or cash kind of here going forward in the next 12 months, it sounds like you've got 453 million that's going out here, we've got Watford that I think is yet to get the close, is that it's all going to be constraining to your ability to actually buy back stock, given you also capital you need to fund your growth in your business and particularly as Marc just said on the reinsurance business is going to be very capital kind of generated type transactions.
A - François Morin: No, because we I mean, we raised a billion dollars of capital as you know last summer, we didn't deploy fully until, there was all part of that kind of on1/1 looking ahead as to what the 1/1 we were doing all these transactions, we're on the horizon. And we have a lot of faith in our ability to generate earnings moving forward on our own, I mean, self-funding the growth. I think is something that is part of the plan. And we don't really have, a whole lot of constraints other than that.
A - Marc Grandisson: And Brian, both of these acquisitions, as you mentioned will actually be accretive and grow book value for us. So they're capital positive for us.
Q - Brian Meredith: And then last question, I guess, now that is closed Coface, maybe you can give us a little bit of color and what the title insurance market looks like in Europe kind of return profile. What should we expect here?
A - François Morin: It's been about what, 20 minutes that we announced this, so you're going to have to give me a couple of more quarters.
Q - Brian Meredith: [Is that] [ph] challenging?
A - François Morin: No. We have it but listen we got -- we have to think it through, we are going to have a directors on there to -- are going to be working very closely hand in hand with Coface and we're very excited as you know, Brian. I think there's more than meets the eye in this one. I think strategically, it's going to be a very, very valuable thing for us, way beyond just know the initial investment. I think it's a formidable, established company across so many countries with so many client contacts where we're really excited about that.
End of Q&A:
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much, everyone. Have a nice several months ahead. We're heading for the first quarter returns. It is an exciting time to be at Arch and we're very pleased that you are there with us to enjoy. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Arch Capital Group Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby.  Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sir, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Good morning, Liz. And welcome to our third quarter earnings call on Halloween Eve. You are in for a treat. In our results, you can see tangible evidence of the advantages of the Arch model. By protecting our capital during the soft market years, we are well positioned as each of our segments leans into improving market conditions. Our underwriters are making the most of the hardening property and casualty market, while our mortgage insure segment is benefiting from record mortgage origination activity this quarter.  This year, for the first time in nearly a decade, we've been able to grow significantly and deploy more capital in our P&C businesses that provides acceptable expected returns. And due to our strong financial position, we have accomplished this while maintaining a strong presence in MI, which continues to deliver meaningful returns.  Our ability to continually rebalance capital amongst our diverse businesses enhances our total underwriting returns. It also should decrease earnings volatility over time. Since our inception, we have believed in cycle management, and this strategy brings an added margin safety to our collective underwriting activity. Allow me to elaborate on our third quarter results by touching on 3 key themes: one, growth; two, margin improvement; and three, capital allocation.  First, let's talk about growth. In this quarter, net written premiums in our P&C units grew 25% in total, 17% in insurance and 38% in reinsurance over the same period a year ago. This growth was driven by rate improvements, but also reflects our ability to increase our participations where clients needed additional capacity.  In the insurance segment, we continued to obtain strong rate increases in areas like property, D&O and casualty. Group-wide, our rate increase for the third quarter averaged over 11%, and we believe this trend of increasing rates should continue through 2021.  At Arch, we have always followed a simple rule: our participation in the business should follow the direction of premium rates. As rates improve, we write more business. When rate decrease, as they did over the past several years, we write less. This strategy takes courage. It will often appear an outlier to the market, but being intellectually honest, disciplined and applying our cycle management techniques is what we're all about at Arch.  Obviously, the P&C market is broad, and all opportunities are not created equal. There are areas such as workers' comp where premium rate or conditions are not improving to the levels we believe are needed for an adequate return, and in those instances we manage our appetite accordingly. Despite headwinds from the pandemic, our growth in insurance lines are E&S property, casualty and professional lines are a great example of our platform's ability to flex into improved underwriting conditions.  Our reinsurance unit has been able to lean into this hardening market both earlier and with more vigor than our primary operations. There are two main reasons for this.  First, when the market transitions, needed rate increases compound up the insurance supply chain. Reinsurance is often a leading indicator of what's to come more broadly. Second, reinsurance can provide capacity quicker and in larger amounts, since it can put capital to work through clients' platforms. Of course, share growth is only one part of the equation of growing returns. Let's turn now to margin improvement. We all know that mathematically, rate increases in excess of loss trends lead to margin improvement. The marketplace seems to be supporting the momentum of continued rate increases. We are in the early stages of seeing the benefit of rate-on-rate increases in our operating results. Simply stated, adding the 2 parts, growth and margin will lead to better returns. Many factors are driving today's P&C markets. These include elevated natural cat loss activity in each of the past 4 years, weakened reserve positions from soft market years, lower investment yield and a rising claim inflation. Add in a global pandemic that is still ongoing, it's not surprising that market conditions are changing.  Now pivoting to MI. Our $33 billion of NIW in the U.S. in the quarter was a record for Arch. Low interest rates are producing huge refinance activity and unsurprisingly, some churn in our in-force business. However, MI premium rates remain above pre-COVID levels, and the continued high credit quality of borrowers is generally better than it was pre-pandemic. We continue to face uncertainties such as the economy's health and how the pandemic may ultimately affect individual borrowers. However, we are optimistic that, among other positive factors, recent trends in the U.S. housing market will mitigate the effects of the pandemic.  Finally, Arch's ability and willingness to allocate and manage capital remains a key competitive advantage. We always think about balancing our capital deployment over 5 pillars: into the insurance, reinsurance, MI, into our investment portfolio, and lastly into our stock repurchase. Our job is to optimize risk-adjusted returns through capital allocation across these pillars.  We see managing the 5 pillars being similar to coaching a basketball team. We're constantly looking at how we can distribute the ball, i.e., our capital to the right players. For the past several years, we've been able to feed the big 7'7" MI guy down low and rely on him to get easy dunks. Now as a playing field, i.e., the market changes, we've adjusted our tactics slightly and are increasingly relying on our two hot shooters, reinsurance and insurance. MI will still score its fair share of points, but the P&C players are getting more open 3-point looks and layups. In short, our game is becoming more complete and diversified. Our ability to adapt the new conditions is what makes us stronger as a team.  The market dynamics take me back in time. We have talked about Paul Ingrey's underwriting clock that helps track and measure the phases of the insurance cycle. It's been central to our management philosophy since the beginning and is a helpful reference to understand the underwriting life cycle and assist us in gauging our risk appetite.  I recently asked our underwriting teams where we were on the Ingrey clock, and the most common response was around 8:00. If you take a look at the clock in our most recent annual report, you'll see that it's a very nice time to be at Arch. There's a buzz among our underwriters because we've become the first call for so many of our clients, that we have the capacity, the expertise and the desire to serve them.  Now I'll turn the coach's whistle over to François, as he goes into more detail on our quarterly results. And I look forward to responding to your questions afterwards. François?
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. We at Arch hope that you are in good health. On to the third quarter results. As a reminder and consistent with prior practice, the following comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding the other segment, i.e. the operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings, the term Consolidated includes Watford.  After-tax operating income for the quarter was $120.3 million, which translates to an annualized 4.2% operating return on average common equity and $0.29 per share. Book value per share increased to $28.75 at September 30, up 4.1% from last quarter and 12.2% from 1 year ago. The increase in the quarter was yield by the continued strong performance of our investment portfolio and good underwriting results, taking into consideration the elevated catastrophe activity in the quarter and the uncertainty surrounding the current pandemic. Our property casualty teams continued on their path of solid growth and improved performance as we continue to see strong positive pricing momentum in their markets.  Losses from 2020 catastrophic events in the quarter including COVID-19, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums, stood at $203.3 million or 12.5 combined ratio points compared to 5.2 combined ratio points in the third quarter of 2019. The losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and include $191.4 million from a series of natural catastrophes in the quarter including Hurricanes Isaias, Laura and Sally, the Midwestern Tornado, California wildfires and other smaller events, as well as $11.9 million for losses related to the COVID-19 pandemic.  The COVID-19 losses we recorded in the quarter were small, reflecting additional information that became available during the quarter and represent our current assessment and best estimate of the ultimate losses for occurrences through September 30 based on policy terms and conditions including limits, sub-limits and deductibles. As of September 30, the vast majority of our COVID-19 claims are yet to be settled or paid, with close to 80% of the inception-to-date incurred loss amount recorded as incurred but not reported, i.e. IBNR reserves, or as additional case reserves within our insurance and reinsurance segments.  As regards the potential impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment, we note that the delinquency rate at the end of the quarter was 4.69%, down from 5.14% at June 30. Our current expectation is that the delinquency rate should be in the 5% to 5.5% range at year-end 2020.  While we have seen many positive signs over the last few months that point us to a more favorable view of the ultimate performance of the U.S. MI book, many of the uncertainties we identified on our last call remain, in particular, the potential impact from a second wave of infections, potential lockdowns and the lack of an additional fiscal stimulus package or risk factors that we continue to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis. For these reasons, and consistent with our corporate reserving philosophy, we believe it is prudent to take a cautious approach in setting loss reserves across our MI book.  In the insurance segment, net written premium grew 17.1% over the same quarter 1 year ago, a strong result demonstrating our ability to achieve profitable growth in this environment. Adjusting for the net written premium decrease observed in our travel, accident and health unit, the year-over-year growth in net written premium would have been 26.5%.  The insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 94.1%, lower by 620 basis points from the same period 1 year ago. Approximately 300 basis points of the difference is due to a lower expense ratio, primarily from the growth in the premium base from 1 year ago and reduced levels of travel and entertainment expenses this quarter. The lower ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio reflects mix change and the benefits of rate increases achieved over the last 12 months. Prior period net loss reserve development net of related adjustments was favorable at $1.1 million, generally consistent with the level recorded in the third quarter of 2019.  As for our reinsurance operations, we had strong growth of 38.4% in net written premiums on a year-over-year basis, which was observed across most of our lines and includes a combination of new business opportunities rate increases and the integration of the Barbican reinsurance business. The segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 83.1% and compared to 92.8% on the same basis 1 year ago. The year-over-year movement is primarily driven by a more normal level of large attritional losses compared to a year ago and rate change activity over the last 12 months. Most of the remaining difference is explained by operating expense ratio improvements, primarily resulting from the growth in earned premium.  Favorable prior period net loss reserve development, net of related adjustments, was $40.8 million or 7.4 combined ratio points compared to 4.0 combined ratio points in the third quarter of 2019. The development was mostly in short-tail lines.  The mortgage industry had a record-breaking quarter in terms of NIW, and we certainly followed suit with this quarter's NIW of 38 -- $32.8 billion, a full 30% higher than our prior high-water mark. Offsetting this record level of production was the high level of refinancing activity across our portfolio, with the net result being a slight reduction in our insurance in force.  The combined ratio was 64.2%, reflecting the lower delinquency rate observed during the quarter. The trends we saw this quarter were favorable relative to last quarter, but the game is far from over. The expense ratio was slightly lower over the same quarter 1 year ago. And prior period net loss reserve development was favorable at $4.5 million this quarter.  Total investment return for the quarter was positive 230 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis as the strong recovery in the capital market produced healthy returns across our entire portfolio. Returns in our equity and alternative investments contributed approximately 40% of the total return for the quarter. The duration of our investment portfolio remained basically unchanged from the prior quarter at 3.21 years. The effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 4.8% in the quarter, reflecting a change in the full year estimated tax rate, the geographic mix of our pretax income, and a 10 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. As always, the effective tax rate could vary depending on the level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. We currently estimate the full year tax rate to be in the 8% to 10% range for 2020. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat P&L on a net basis increased to $918 million as of October 1 which, at approximately 8.4% of tangible common equity, remains well below our internal limits at the single event 1-in-250-year return level. The growth in the P&L this quarter is attributable to our E&S property unit within the insurance segment, which increased its writings in an improving marketplace.  On the capital front, the increase in interest expense this quarter was mainly the result of the issuance of the $1 billion senior notes we issued in June 2020. So far, we have been able to fund our recent growth with our existing capital base. And our balance sheet remains strong, with a debt plus preferred leverage ratio of 23.1% that remains well within a reasonable range. As for our U.S. MI operations, the mortgage insurance-linked notes market has recovered to a great extent from the lows we saw at the onset of the pandemic. Earlier this week, we priced our third Bellemeade transaction of the year at terms that are getting closer to what we saw in 2019, both in structure and price. Our latest transaction will provide 6.5% of coverage in excess of a 2.5% attachment point, both expressed as a percentage of the risk in force. Including this transaction, the Bellemeade structures currently provide approximately $3.9 billion of aggregate reinsurance coverage -- coverage. The fact that this market has recovered as extensively as it has in just over 7 months, with investors more and more comfortable with the exposure they are assuming, is quite telling and provide support to our current assessment of the health of the using the U.S. housing market.  With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the capital allocation, so what you laid out, 5 pillars. I just want to confirm, I guess, based off of how you were talking. It sounds like share repurchase is left kind of on the chain right now. And I guess because it seems like you have such good growth opportunities that you could put your capital to use just basically to incrementally add to your insurance and reinsurance writings? Am I understanding that correct?
Marc Grandisson: So yes. I didn't mean to put them in ranking order. I think that they are probably all very equally attractive at this point in time. I think that we're investigating, as you know, on a quarterly basis as to what the opportunities are in various signs of business. I didn't mean to name stock purchase as the last one as a rank ordering mechanism. I think that is also part and parcel of the discussion.  I think that for the first time in a while, I would argue that the 5 players actually are actively making the point for receiving ball, the ball and play and be part of the game. So I would definitely say that.  And we're evaluating. But certainly, our game number one, our focus number one is to allocate capital to the underwriting units. If the returns are there. And that certainly is a relatively easier place to deploy and easier what you see at this point in time. But everything is up, everything is -- every guy -- everybody is playing on the field, on the court. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question on your insurance underlying margin, 94% in the quarter. Arch had targeted to get to kind of a mid-90s. Yet you guys are kind of there, but there's more -- you mentioned a lot of rate, I think, 11% that you're getting in your book of business, which means you haven't even earned that in yet.  So as we think about the earning in of the rate you're getting today, plus what seems like incremental rate you could get into 2021, do you have a new target for that business? Or is there a way that we can think about the margin profile there, especially since you've kind of hit that target that you laid out for the Street?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So let me go back to the 95% combined, which I mentioned, I think, 3 years ago now. I think that was meant to be there as an aspirational target and to shoot for at that point in time, based on the mix of business and the opportunities that we had in the marketplace. I think this has changed, right? I think that now that we're obviously going in that direction and very nicely, and the market is certainly helping us, I think we still look very heavily into line by line and ROE by line of business.  And I would argue, Elyse, that some lines of business would be less than a 95% combined and some might be still okay at above 95%. But certainly, what I would tell you is the combined ratio was aspirational. We have to keep in mind that there's still -- COVID-19 is still ongoing. And secondly, interest rates have also been decreased -- have decreased significantly since 3 years ago. So rate increases might be needed beyond the combined ratio, just to make the returns equivalent to what they should be, or would have been at the 95% historically. So it's really an ongoing process of reflecting current investment yield.  So there are no targets on the combined ratio. But certainly target on a return basis. And I would agree with the 140 to 150 -- 150 bps decrease in interest rate, that the combined ratio would presumably mathematically need to go down to make an equivalent return.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then last question, you mentioned taking a cautious approach to reserving within your mortgage book. And then I think you also laid out that default rate to get to 5% to 5.5 by the end of the year. And so I'm just trying to understand like as the default rate, I guess, your expectation is it will go up a little bit from where it sits today. And I'm assuming that you'll continue with the same conservative approach that we saw in the third quarter.  So how should we think about kind of the combined ratio? You've been giving some metrics for how that business could trend. And you've obviously come in better than expected in the second and the third quarter. Do you have an expectation for how that could ultimately trend into Q4? And I imagine if you want to provide initial color on 2021.
François Morin: Yes. I'll take that, Elyse. I mean just to be pretty clear, I think I -- as you guys all know, I'll take the blame. I did a pretty poor job of forecasting combined ratios or delinquency rates over the last 2 calls. So I think we're trying to minimize the kind of bad forecasts.  But listen, there's -- as we know, there's a lot of uncertainty out there. Yes, we're extremely pleased that the delinquency rates have come down, right? We had talked about even just last quarter, we had said like somewhere around 8% by the end of the year. It doesn't look like we're going to -- it's going to be as bad as that, based on what we know today. Still a few months to go, but definitely saw some encouraging signs this quarter.  So that's all well and good. Does it translate to -- what kind of combined ratio does it translate to? I mean it's hard to know because again what we're facing is really -- we just don't know how long this pandemic is going to last. The fact that the forbearance programs are at this point scheduled to end, but who knows if they get extended or not? And how do people convert from forbearance to a regular delinquency? There's a lot of unknowns at this point that we feel are extremely hard to predict and estimate.  So listen, we're taking it one quarter at a time. We're happy with where things are at right now. Again, it's reassuring, but we're not -- as I said, we're -- the game's far from over. And who knows, maybe hopefully even my 5% to 5.5% forecast or expectation for delinquency ends up being a bit high. But we'll find out in a few months, and we'll reassess at that point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: First, I just had a question on how you're thinking about pricing, reinsurance pricing as a buyer of reinsurance? And how should we think about your sort of overall exposure, especially to cats as you're entering 2021? Are you, given better pricing, you can hold more exposure? Or maybe should we assume that you'll keep your retention sort of similar and be a buyer of record regardless of prices?
François Morin: Short answer is we don't know yet, right? I think we'll have to see what the 1 1 brings to our reinsurance folks on the inward side and certainly on our E&S property. We'll have to evaluate and assess what kind of exposure and what kind of margins we're getting there, and then look back and say, okay now, what is the -- because buying reinsurance, as you know, is like raising, it's like using capital. It's like we have to pay for that. So we're going to go through a very straightforward analysis of capital usage and what we pay for it. And we take a very, very first economic view of the whole world, and specifically as it relates to the insurance exposure we take on a property cat exposure specifically.  But having said all this, we also have -- balancing it or adding to that information process is that we also are careful and not overstretching the capital. So we'll always be buying reinsurance to some extent. The question is what level and how much and at what price.  But clearly we are -- we like stability, and we're always trading stability for sometimes lesser margin, and that's going to be part of the mix. But clearly both markets where we can be on the advantage, we can gain both sides, but we can actually get rate increases on the insurance side, find a way to buy reinsurance in a good way. And on the assumed basis, we actually are benefiting from the improvement in the market there as well. So it's really a holistic view of the cat exposure. Too early to tell what exactly is going to transpire, but everything is always up for discussion.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then on Watford, you raised the price. There's pressure on yield to raise it again. And at what point does the deal become sort of uneconomic? And -- or are you already there? Or any comments on how you're thinking about that situation?
Marc Grandisson: Well, I mean we didn't -- we did not raise the price, right? We have an agreement, we have a signed agreement with Watford that we're starting the process to get regulatory approvals, et cetera. But yes, I mean there's another party that has come in that Watford feels they have to look into their potential offer and what it means to them. But at this point, what's been announced is what is still valid. Depending on what they end up deciding, we may choose to do something different. But at this point, we can't really say much more than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski: Yes. Focusing on the reinsurance segment, robust growth. Thanks for the commentary, bullish commentary. If we look at the underlying accident year loss ratio, I mean actually expense ratio too, so just a lot of improvement. Anything we should be thinking about? Anything to call out? Or are this just market conditions and operating leverage that you're benefiting from?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So then the reinsurance group has grown tremendously. So the expense ratio going down, or what it did certainly is explained by that in large part. I think in terms of the loss ratio, what I would like -- and we said it on prior calls as well is we tend to look at reinsurance performance on a 12- to 18-month basis. There's a lot more volatility in that segment, in that sector. There's also a lot of shift in the mix over time.  Our reinsurance folks do not tend to have a -- they have stable relationships obviously, but there's a lot of things moving on in terms of taking cede and the opportunities in the marketplace. So what I would look at the loss ratio is more like this is -- some quarters is much better than others. And it's really due to the volatility in the reinsurance results, I would say.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Okay. Got it. So the expense ratio, some of that's going to roll in. Okay. A follow-up on the mortgage side, I think I heard you say earlier that ILN pricing kind of had improved a lot. I guess I'm looking at -- we're trying to -- we've been trying to track overall ILN pricing. And maybe kind of still double what it was pre-pandemic, but maybe I'm just looking. Maybe Arch's pricing is better, or maybe I'm just incorrect?
François Morin: Yes. I mean there's two parts there, right? Is the structure, meaning in particular attachment points, and then the pricing. So right, so this is our third one, our first one of the year. Really, we were the first ones out of the gate after the pandemic. The reality at that point is appetite from the investors was not as good as it was in the past when our attachment point was much higher. Second one, attachment point came down with slightly better pricing. With this new latest one, we're effectively back to the same -- the 2.5% attachment point that we had seen pre-COVID. So that's certainly by design.  Pricing, if you risk adjust for everything, it's still up, no question. It's not the same level that it was pre-COVID, but it's not double for sure. So it's much better than that, much lower than that [indiscernible] quality of the book is better. So how does that get factored in? And so there's a couple of other things. It's hard to make it perfectly apples-to-apples. But directionally and on an absolute basis as well, we're very happy with where things are going.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Got it. That's helpful because I think you're describing it better than what we thought. Okay. And lastly, sticking on mortgage, hopefully -- you said you -- the delinquency rate doesn't pick up as much as you thought. But are you -- it's almost November. Have you seen, over the last 2 weeks, the delinquency rate tick up?
François Morin: So last few weeks, it's been actually keeping in the same general direction that we saw in the third quarter. So it hasn't picked up. Flattish, I'd call it. We got a couple of months to go. We'll see how things play out, but that's kind of what we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: Two questions, one just to understand accounting and the other one is about Watford. On the accounting, you had a decline in delinquencies due to cures of 6,000 approximately, but you took up reserves. I know you can't really reserve for loss that hasn't happened yet, but it looks like you're reserving for these new claims at about $12,000, $13,000 per claim compared to a historical average of $4,000 to $5,000 per claim. Am I doing the math correctly?  And can you explain sort of how you think about that in the books? I think in the first quarter, you also took up reserves more than typical because you can only take them up when you have claims. But can you walk through that a little bit?
François Morin: Yes. No question that we bumped up reserves this quarter on effectively the delinquencies that we saw in the second quarter. So your math is correct. I mean that's -- I mean the reserves per delinquency, you did the math, right? But what you need to adjust for, I would say, is call it a reserve-strengthening exercise that we went through just to reassess where we were -- took a hard -- every quarter, we take a hard look. And our view is that might as well not -- be cautious, knowing what we know and knowing what we don't know.  So think of about a $45 million adjustment on reserves in the third quarter for effectively Q2 delinquencies. So once you adjust for that, I think you get back to claim levels or severities that you would be -- would be more in line with what maybe you would have expected.
Joshua Shanker: So along those lines, is there a reason to believe that the severity of the losses are going to be different than historical severities? I can understand because there's not frequencies and you can't really take frequencies until you get a claim. But is there reason to be more cautious surrounding severity in this pandemic?
François Morin: We don't see it. The only adjustment obviously that what we're reporting in our supplement in terms of paid severities is lower than what we're seeing from the new delinquencies, right? New delinquencies, we mentioned it last quarter at about a $65,000 or so or per NOD. This quarter, it's right around $60,000. So I mean it's certainly higher because it's more recent loans that are going delinquent versus what the loans we paid on in the quarter. So that's the only adjustment.  But in terms of percentage of the insured value or the insurance in force or the risk in force, we don't at this point, don't have a reason to think that it's going to be materially different than what it's been in the past.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And then on Watford, we don't know how it's going to turn out. But your own stock trades around book value. The offers for Watford are around 0.8x book. I'm not sure, and maybe you've some thoughts on whether Watford is a better investment at 0.8x book than Arch is that 1x book. But if you don't buy in Watford, it would suggest that you have a chunk of excess capital that you were already allocating towards financial uses. Can we expect that your interest in buying business you already know is attractive, even given the market opportunities here?
Marc Grandisson: I think we made the point clear by putting our offer up there, and that's pretty much what we'll leave it as, Josh. I think we're we still think that Watford is a good platform, a valuable platform. And we--
Joshua Shanker: But clearly Arch is a more valuable platform than Watford. If you're willing to buy in Watford stock, shouldn't you be willing to buy in Arch stock as well?
Marc Grandisson: I think the answer is always yes. We're always looking at the possibility of buying our stock. And certainly like I said before, 5 players on the court, I think that the share repurchase is really -- is attractive, as you would expect me to say as the CEO of the company.
Joshua Shanker: All right. We'll keep watching.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: I do want to start by thanking you for giving a basketball analogy, so I can actually understand what's going on. I was worried you'd give a hockey analogy. And my first question goes to the slight increase in COVID losses in the quarter. Can you maybe talk about what drove that specifically? I guess specifically, what I want to get at is does it have anything to do with the FCA court cases over in the U.K. and how you're thinking about your overseas business interruption exposures?
François Morin: Yes. I mean it's really in two parts. I think in the -- on the insurance side, it's very much -- it's all basically related to our travel book in the U.S. So no connection to the FCA ruling. And the little bit we added in the reinsurance side is around property exposures, mostly out of Europe. So it's a little bit of a BI angle to it, but that's pretty much it. So I mean it's -- I mean I call it a bit of just new information coming in, nothing -- no, nothing kind of -- no material new information that came through that would have caused us to revisit our picks.  And the FCA, as we said, we didn't change it. And the ruling where it stands, it's -- we're still very much -- we had fully reserved for it. And there's -- again, the ruling doesn't change our position on that.
Marc Grandisson: The rest of the portfolio, Yaron, for what it's worth, and we mentioned that on prior calls, is that we have the vast majority, almost totality of our parties have the exclusions that would protect us somewhat from a deviation. So this is nothing in there to really think about.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. That's very helpful. And then my second question, when you talked about the improvement in the ACI loss ratio for insurance, you didn't talk about total frequency. So is it because you didn't see that? Or is it because you didn't book that?
François Morin: It's a little bit of both actually. We saw some of it -- some improvement on the frequency of claims possibly in the second quarter. That was definitely a difference. But if you neutralize for the obvious lines of business where claims would actually naturally go down, such has travel for instance where we have the a lot less exposure or go up. Then if you neutralize all of this, we didn't see a discernible change through the 9 months of this year.  It's hard to see what the natural rate would be, but we don't see a discernible change in the frequency to speak of. And really, we put our reserve pick and our loss pick based on long-term trend -- long-term averages. We're not looking at specifically one quarter at a time and one year, accident year at a time. We do get in the mix of multiple years and project out much more longer term expected. So it will take a little while before we would recognize any significant improvement in frequency of claims, if at all.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then maybe one final very quick one on Watford, if the deal does go through, I just want to confirm that the company wouldn't lose the fee income if Watford is consolidated, right?
François Morin: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: The one I had was just on NII and thinking about low rate headwinds. It looks like you guys have almost 30% of your assets in essentially government bonds. Looks your portfolio yield is sub 2. We just heard another Bermuda competitor today say that their new money yield is 2%.  It would seem to me, given how you're allocated, given your current portfolio yield, that there actually wouldn't be that much incremental yield headwind moving forward actually. Arguably if you're going to move out of some of the govies and take some credit risk will actually seem that maybe you could expand your portfolio yield? It doesn't sound like that's right, given your commentary. But I'm just kind of trying to understand like why does Arch continue to be incrementally exposed to this low rate environment, given the fact that you guys have already really take it on the trend in terms of where your yields are now.
François Morin: Yes. I mean we -- no question, we've been defensive on credit. So yes, we have a bit more on the treasury side that you're right, I mean -- unless rate going down, but they seem to have stabilized, I guess, for the time being.  Our play in the last few quarters has been trying to, as many others I'm sure have done the same, is try to find other opportunities that are more in the alternative space that provide us still some level of investment income without taking on too much risk.  So something we keep looking at, but it's a bit of a challenge. There's not a ton of opportunities out there. We're not -- we're worried a little bit. We're defensive on credit still, and that's something that we look at carefully. We don't want to over-source ourselves there yet.
Ryan Tunis: Do you guys have a new money investment yield you'd call out handy that you did in the third quarter.
François Morin: Well, the last, call it in the last month, we've been, call it putting our money to work. It's just above 2%. So that's kind of where the latest informational gap that we get from our investment guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Dunn with Dowling & Partners.
Geoffrey Dunn: First question, and I appreciate the added color around the MI reserving. If we make the adjustment, is the math correct that you changed your incidence assumption up to about 9%?
François Morin: Close enough. 8% to 9%, yes. Yes. And our view on that is that we feel like that the more recent NODs are -- may be prone to a bit more stress. So the fact that these people took a bit longer to go into delinquency may tell us that there may be again subject to more stress, but again time will tell.
Geoffrey Dunn: And is that 9%, is that a -- just an overall number? Or is it a blend of just as an example, 6% on forbearance and 13% on non-forbearance notices? Do you delineate between the 2? Or is it just more of a holistic approach?
François Morin: It's more of an aggregate approach that we take. Yes. We don't separate the 2 as cleanly as you're suggesting, yes.
Marc Grandisson: We do look at all...
François Morin: Geoff, I want to make sure you understand that we also do look at prior events, prior cat events, prior programs of the sort. So -- but it's -- as you could appreciate, it's probably more art than science at this point in time.
Geoffrey Dunn: Right. With the new ILN, a little confusing in the documentation. It looks like it applies for policies after Jan 19, but it looks primarily more recent loans over the last 3, 4 months. What is it designed to do? Is it really the last quarter or so?
François Morin: Yes.
Geoffrey Dunn: Or is it part of the design to come underneath the 20-1?
François Morin: No. It's the latest, the 20-3 is very much -- the vast majority is covering June, July and August, so that's 3 months of production. There's a little bit of kind of spillage of the 20-2 that -- and also some 2019 loans that had kind of been late being processed, whatever. It's just -- we're a little bit of a catch-up on a few small things, but think of it as really June, July, August production.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Marc, I'm a little confused by something that you said. You were talking about the five capital deployment opportunities. And you cited the investment portfolio. And I guess I would have thought that if you're going to be writing more P&C or mortgage insurance, then the supporting capital will be in the investment portfolio anyway?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So you're saying that we should -- just repeat the question, Meyer, please.
Meyer Shields: So I'm trying to figure out how capital deployment in the investment portfolio is distinct from capital deployment to either P&C mortgage.
Marc Grandisson: Okay. No I see what you mean. So the way we look at the underwriting returns is we attribute to the units the treasury return or the risk-free return. And we try and separate church and state is what we call it internally. We actually credit the float on the insurance on the underwriting piece at the treasury rate level. And then we allocate the capital for the excess over that to the investment portfolio. So this is how we separate the capital usage between those -- between the underwriting units and the investment unit.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That makes sense. Got it.
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Meyer Shields: I'm trying to get a general sense of how you see either profitability in property casualty in metro? Or your view as to whether the vendor catastrophe models are conservative enough, based on recent years' cat activity and the underlying trends?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it's a good question, Meyer. I think that our position on this, we have weather scientists upstairs and --who have a lot of lengthy experience and information to look at. Listen, we actually augment and modify the vendor models as we see fit. So the vendor model represents to us a solid starting point. From where we can -- there's definitely had a lot of science into this one. So we've been historically using them as a starting point and augmenting it and modifying it with our own view of the world.  But I would caution everyone by saying that, yes, we do have a view of various perils and various exposure around the world. And we also try to factor in shorter term versus longer term, possibly modification of what could happen out there. But it's hard to predict those things. So what we tend to do is to hold ourselves to a higher return for those risks that are inherent in the way we underwrite the business. That also helps explain why where we've taken possibly somewhat of a more conservative approach to property cat exposure over the last 4, 5 years as you've seen our numbers.  So I think -- and it's a year-on-year analysis, so we would look at it. And we'll evaluate, I think, in some of our discussion with El Nino, La Nina and all these various discussions happening all the time. And we're not the largest rider property cat, but we do have a very solid team looking into this. But I think we make it up -- try to make it up with holding ourselves up to a higher level of returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank.
Philip Stefano: Just one -- most have been asked and answered. One follow-up on the MI piece and thinking about the increase in the default rate. I guess in my mind, there are 3 mechanisms to get there. It's either new defaults are increasing, cures are slowing down, or the denominator policies in force is shrinking. I'm just curious how you're contemplating which of those levers is contributing to the increase in the default rate. I think it helps us think about does this come through as losses or premiums or maybe development if the cures are right.
François Morin: Okay. So Phil, let me try and take this. There's a lot of -- it's a big question, a lot of parts. So first and foremost, the denominator is not changing a whole lot, right? It's about a [indiscernible] what it is in terms of policy. The DQ rate has decreased this quarter, right? It went from 5.1 to about 4.7 this quarter. So this is like what's the number of policies at the numerator that are in default. And you divide by a similar number. So it did go down.  I think what we're saying in terms of reserving, you reserve for the new notices that you received in the quarter, right? We received 58,000 in the second quarter. We received 20,000 this quarter. And what we're telling you is we take that, the book of these 20,000 new notices. The cures are the cure. They go away from the overall balance, if you will, that we just mentioned, which is the 4.7.  But the new notices, we reserve for those in the quarter. So we have to reserve in the quarter on those that were newly notified. This is what typically you would do on reserving. What we did in addition to this is we modified our view of what we should have booked for the second quarter for the new notices in that quarter. So I'm not sure -- I'm trying to help give you a picture a whole -- bigger picture hopefully that helps you understand how we did all this.
Philip Stefano: No, I understand -- that makes sense from the reserving side. But the default rate is loans in default, that population over policies in force.
François Morin: Right.
Philip Stefano: And if the policies in force isn't changing and the default rate is going up, then presumably there's an expectation that new default is going to increase this quarter. And I guess I just wanted to make sure that I was thinking about it correctly because I -- to get to 4.7 to 5, 5.5, there must be an acceleration in new default, or cures is slowing down. I don't know. That's kind of the question.
François Morin: I mean that's -- listen, it's a big -- I mean kind of top-down view. It's hard to know. We don't have -- we can't predict. We don't have the crystal ball on whether cures are going to accelerate or not or slow down. And same thing with new notices.  Again, we're trying to, I think, just provide a bit of color that we think the -- obviously or knock on wood, we're not going to be at 8% delinquency rate by the end of the year. We're certainly well below 5%. Does it go back to above 5% by the end of the year? That's what we think could happen, but again we don't know. So I think if everything stays the same, the odds are probably that it won't be at 5%. But we -- that's...
Marc Grandisson: But Phil, you're right. You're right on your assessment. If we go from 4.7, and we tell you it's going to be 5.5 in the end, that we'll have to have an increase in NODs or lesser cure. I'm not sure we have made enough assessment as to which is which. I would argue that we have tended to -- since May, we have tended to -- at least the last two quarters, we've overstated the amount, the number of new NODs that we received. And that probably is what would drive the potential. We just still don't know.  François has said that we haven't been as good as we would have liked to be predicting. So I think the new NODs would be more the place to look at. Having said this, Phil, you also know that we had 2 things going on, less new NODs and higher cure rate. So they both actually helped to manage on. And they helped accelerate and actually go -- no, help explain why we had a projection of about 10% earlier in the year to much less right now. They are two moving parts.
Philip Stefano: Yes. No, understood. I guess in my mind, this default rate might continue to come down. But as you said...
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it very well could do. Yes.
Philip Stefano: The crystal ball is very cloudy at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: I have a couple for you just quickly. So just curious, given that you're getting 2% new money yields and your book yield is below that, should we just expect that your book yield on your investment portfolio fixed income to kind of be stable here going forward?
François Morin: I think in the short term, I think it's reasonable, yes.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Good. That's helpful. Second question on the reinsurance business, I'm just curious. Your property mix is definitely increasing as a percentage of your overall book. How much of the underlying combined ratio improvement that you're seeing there is actually driven by that mix shift versus just better loss specs?
François Morin: Well, boy, I don't think we parse out this way. It's still early in the game to see what it's going to look like. I would say that it's probably more mixed at this point in time because our growth is largely in property other than cat, cat XL. So we have a lot of play in that sector right now. It's more and more mix, I would say, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Yes. So it's not so much the rate activity that we're seeing, it's the mix shift that's driving it?
François Morin: Well, the way we are, you know us, Brian, for all these years is we'll tend to go where the rates are the better -- we have a better increase in margin. So that sort of goes hand in hand. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. That makes sense. Another one just quickly on Watford, I'm just curious. Is it your guys' intentions to significantly increase your ownership in that ultimately? Or are you going to buy the whole thing in? Just because the volatility of the investment portfolio is kind of just a different strategy.
Marc Grandisson: Well, what we said publicly is that we are certainly talking to other parties to bring into the fold to support us in this vehicle, if it moves forward, if we close on the acquisition. So the answer is we would most likely increase our participation, but not to 100%, and be much less than that. So increase little bit, but recognize that we -- it's a different model that we -- others would want to participate on with us as well.
Brian Meredith: Got you. So the net capital outlay for the transaction wouldn't be this big as it could? Okay. That makes sense.
Marc Grandisson: Correct. Correct.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then last question, I'm just curious. Any updates with respect to the Coface investment, where that stands? Are regulators going to ultimately make a decision on this?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think it's in process. We're going through the regular process. It's in -- It's on track. We're hopeful that we could get something done potentially in the first quarter, second quarter of next year. It takes a while, as you know, in this COVID environment. Government and regulators take a little while longer than otherwise. But yes, it's on track. And they produced, as you know, their results I believe earlier this week or early or late last week. So it's also looking much better for them, which is good for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jamminder Bhullar: I just wanted to clarify your comments on not losing the fee income on Watford. Is that just because of the 5 years remaining on the contract, and so there's sort of finite life to it? Or was there something else that was behind that comment?
François Morin: Well, I mean the question was asked, if we buy the vehicle, do we still retain the fees? The answer is yes. 
Jamminder Bhullar: Yes, it's an internal allocation then. But in case it goes to somebody else, then that fee arrangement stays intact through the [indiscernible], which is [indiscernible]
François Morin: Yes. Correct.
Jamminder Bhullar: Okay. And then does your approach to underwriting overall and how much sort of capacity you have and take on [indiscernible] change if you own Watford versus maybe if it does end up being bought by a third party at a higher offer?
François Morin: I think in a third-party environment, Jim, I think it's pretty clear that we need to take care of our brethren as well as we could take of ourselves. So our view is always to do the similar underwriting. Watford had a different investment profile, which allowed us to do slightly different things. But at a high level, the underwriting is very, very similar.  And I would remind everyone that whatever we do on Watford, we take 15% of it on a quarter share basis in the back. We also are participating on the capital. We had like we're up about 13%, I believe, in our shareholding. So we collectively own 20% of the underwriting. So we do eat our own cooking there as well, and it's really important to us.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, everyone. Looking forward to the last remaining couple of months in the year, and I hope you have a good one.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sirs you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Liz. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. On a reported basis, Arch had an acceptable quarter despite COVID-19 related economic disruptions. Our operating results were good from the underlying accident year ex-cat combined ratio perspective as each segment that benefited from the recent rate improvements. All three segments are poised to see the opportunities to grow based on the underwriting returns outlook. Consequently this quarter, rate improvements continue to enable us to expand our writings in our property casualty units as we increasingly achieve acceptable risk-adjusted returns. We know from experience that this environment is an appropriate time to raise additional capital so that we can more significantly take advantage of this hardening P&C market. As we have discussed in previous earnings calls, we continuously rank order our capital allocation opportunities among and within the units. And today P&C insurance and reinsurance prospects have moved up the scale even as MI returns improved at the same time. To be sure, we are experiencing unprecedented times across our world and the insurance industry. There is still much uncertainty from the pandemic and its ultimate impact. The P&C industry faces emerging claims trends the possibility of long-lasting lower investment returns and a strain from on-model cat losses and chronic underpricing from the soft market years. This new reality points to the need for further premium rate increases for the foreseeable future. While not all lines are fully attractive on an absolute basis, the positive momentum is evident and has accelerated through the second quarter. Turning to our operating segments, I'd like to begin with the mortgage insurance segment. Reported delinquencies were 5.1% at June 30, 2020 and came in better than our expectation last quarter, which was at the early onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. As you may recall from our call last quarter given the uncertainty surrounding COVID-19, we were forecasting more pressure on the housing market and a more pessimistic view of the economy that is -- than is indicated by the latest delinquency data. As we stand today, we believe that the U.S. MI industry has been benefiting from a combination of solid credit quality of the post-2008 crisis originations; two, favorable supply and demand imbalance in housing inventory as well as; three, strong and swift government intervention to help homeowners. As a result we're seeing better than expected delinquency rates emerging this quarter even as rates are at elevated levels reflecting the recessionary environment. Our current incurred loss view equates to a claim rate slightly above 5% on newly reported delinquencies. While this claim rate is significantly higher than what we have seen from claim rates on the previous hurricane forbearance programs, it is also significantly lower than what the industry experienced in the GFC and reflects the better underlying conditions I mentioned earlier. Because of the current economic conditions, the credit quality of our new insurance written business as measured by average FICO scores and loan to value is stronger than a year ago. Mortgage lenders have tightened underwriting standards and a higher quality of loans originated is a direct benefit to us. We saw record mortgage originations fueled by the historically low mortgage rate and that has created surges in both refinancing and purchase activity. This favorable financing environment is supporting home prices. We see prices rising around 5% on an annual basis across the U.S. Despite the weakened economy, we estimate that the mark-to-market homeowners' equity and the vast majority of our policies is in excess of 10%. The level of equity as a reminder has proven to be a strong indicator of a borrower's propensity to default, i.e. the higher the equity, the less likely a default will happen and turn into a claim. Turning now to our P&C businesses. First let's talk about COVID-19, which is affecting many lines at the same time and developing much more slowly than a natural catastrophe. Adding to the uncertainty is the fact that many coverage issues have yet to be resolved all of this informed how we approached our reserving for COVID-19 within our P&C segment based on a bottom-up approach to develop our view of ultimate losses. François will cover this in more detail in a few minutes. Moving on to the P&C business environment starting with insurance. We see a growing number of opportunities as net premium written grew 7% in the quarter for the unit despite the fact that our travel premiums decreased materially due to the pandemic. Excluding travel, our insurance NPW growth would have been approximately 17%. Most of our growth was generated in the E&S casualty, E&S property, professional lines and the specialty lines written out of London, about two-thirds of that increase came from exposure growth and the balance from rate. Our overall insurance renewal rate change was plus 8.5%. up significantly from plus 5.5% in the first quarter. Earned premium that we wrote at higher rate levels over the last several quarters helped lower our quarterly accident year combined ratio ex-cat to 96.1% from 99.4% for the same quarter in 2019. In summary, our insurance group's main mission right now is to grow in those lines where conditions improve enough to allow for an appropriate risk-adjusted return and the market is allowing this ever more. Over to the reinsurance segment now. We had very strong premiums growth at plus 50%, reflecting ongoing dislocations and improvements in the marketplace. Growth opportunities presented themselves across a vast majority of our business lines. Property cat NPW was up 153%, other properties was up 70% and casualty was up 35%. Partially offsetting this growth were declines in our motor quota share net premium written due to the impacts of COVID-19 exposure decreases. Generally, our reinsurance segment is able to seize on opportunities earlier than our insurance segment. We're also incrementally increasing our capital allocation to our property cat sector. However, our PML usage is still substantially below what we could deploy if return expectations were to get to the levels we saw in 2006. Our reinsurance accident quarter combined ratio ex-cat improved to 87.5% from 92.2% over the same period in 2019. This partly reflects our opportunistic underwriting strategy and capital allocation over the last two years, but also is a reflection of the benign attritional loss experience relative to the prior year's quarter. To summarize, for our P&C operations after several years of cycle managing our portfolio, we are well positioned to deploy more capital at attractive returns. With respect to our investment returns, our outlook remains cautious as we believe the economic recovery could be slow and take several quarters to develop. Accordingly, underwriting performance should be the driver of earnings for the industry in the near term, which we believe should help sustain the momentum of increasing premium rates. From a capital standpoint, we are in a strong position and we have room to grow with our clients after many years of playing defense. In other words, our core principle again of active cycle management exercised by our team has positioned us to move much more aggressively into a growing number of improving lines. Last, but not least we want our shareholders to know that our employees' hard work and our clients' strong relationships over the last three months were critical in getting us through these tough times. And for that, a huge thanks to all of them. With that, François will take you through the financials.
François Morin: Thank you, Mark and good morning to all. We at Arch hope that you are in good health. On to the second quarter results. As a reminder and consistent with prior practice, the following comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding the other segment i.e. the operations of Watford Holdings Ltd. In our filings the term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $16.6 million which translates to an annualized 0.6% operating return on average common equity and $0.04 per share. Book value per share increased to $27.62 at June 30, up 5.8% from last quarter and 12.1% from one year ago. The increase in the quarter was fueled by the strong recovery in the capital markets. Outside of the losses related to the COVID-19 pandemic, our underwriting groups continued on their path of solid growth and improving results, as we benefited from the generally improving property casualty markets. Losses from 2020 catastrophic events in the quarter including COVID-19, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $207.2 million or 13.5 combined ratio points compared to 0.5 combined ratio points in the second quarter of 2019. The losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and include $173.1 million from the COVID-19 pandemic as well as $34.1 million for other catastrophic events, including losses related to civil unrest claims across the U.S. The losses we recorded in the quarter for COVID-19 across our P&C operations were split 45% insurance and 55% reinsurance. These loss estimates incorporate additional information that became available during the quarter and represent our current assessment and best estimate of the ultimate losses for occurrences through June 30, based on policy terms and conditions including limits, sublimits and deductibles. We are confident that the approach we took to develop these estimates is conservative and are comfortable with our estimates as they currently stand, but needless to say, we continue to monitor the pandemic in its effects as they play out and we will adjust our estimates as necessary in the coming quarters. As of June 30, the vast majority of our COVID-19 claims are yet to be settled or paid, as approximately 90% of the incurred loss amount has been recorded as IBNR incurred, but not reported reserves or as additional case reserves within our insurance and reinsurance segments. In the insurance segment, the loss reserves we recorded this quarter for the pandemic were primarily attributable to exposures in our North American unit across the national accounts, programs and travel lines of business. In the reinsurance segment, the majority of the losses came from the property catastrophe, accident and health and trade credit lines of business. As regards the potential impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment, it is important to mention that our estimates for our U.S. primary mortgage insurance book are based only on reported delinquencies as of June 30, 2020 as mandated by GAAP. As we discussed on the last call, our expectation at the end of the first quarter was for the delinquency rate to progressively increase throughout the remainder of the year with a resulting expectation that underwriting income for the overall segment would be minimal for the remainder of 2020. While we did see such an increase in reported delinquencies in the second quarter, the current delinquency rate of 5.14% is approximately 30% to 40% lower than what we expected it would be when we developed our forecast at the end of the first quarter. While that is a positive sign for the ultimate performance of the book, we are also aware that many uncertainties remain, including the rate of conversion from delinquency to cure or claim, which we expect to be different than under more normal conditions. In addition, it is extremely difficult to predict how reported delinquencies and forbearance which represent approximately two-thirds of total current delinquencies will behave over time, given the lack of historical data that is directly applicable to the current economic reality, which includes elevated unemployment rates, historically low interest rates, solid home price levels and unprecedented government intervention. As we look towards the remainder of 2020 for our U.S. MI business, in light of the developments we have observed during the second quarter, our current expectation is that pretax underwriting income for the remainder of 2020 for the entire mortgage segment will remain positive with a combined ratio in the 70% to 80% range, slightly better than the result we reported this quarter. In summary, while we are still faced with significant economic uncertainty, our expectations for the mortgage segment are definitely more positive than what we thought only a few weeks back. In the insurance segment, net written premium grew 7.1% over the same quarter one year ago, a strong result given the material impact COVID-19 has had on some of our businesses, such as our travel and accident unit. As Mark said, if we exclude this line the year-over-year growth in net written premium would have been 16.9%. The insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cat's was 96.1%, lower by 330 basis points from the same period one year ago. Approximately 90 basis points of the difference is due to our lower expense ratio, primarily from the growth in the premium base from one year ago and reduced levels of travel and entertainment expenses this quarter. The lower ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio primarily reflects the benefits of rate increases achieved over the last 12 months. Prior period net loss reserve development, net of related adjustments was favorable at $2.1 million, generally consistent with the level recorded in the second quarter of 2019. As for our reinsurance operations, we had strong growth of 50.3% in net written premiums on a year-over-year basis, which was observed across most of our lines and includes a combination of new business opportunities, rate increases and the integration of the Barbican reinsurance business. The segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 87.5% compared to 92.2% on the same basis one year ago, a 470 basis point reduction. The year-over-year movement is primarily driven by a more normal level of large attritional losses compared to a year ago, which explains approximately 330 basis points of the difference and the impact of the non-renewal of a large transaction from a year ago, which contributed approximately 50 basis points. Most of the remaining difference is explained by operating expense ratio improvements resulting from the growth in earned premium. Favorable prior period net loss reserve development, net of related adjustments was strong at $28.9 million or six combined ratio points compared to 3.1 combined ratio points in the second quarter of 2019. The benefit was mostly in short-tail lines. The mortgage segment's combined ratio was 80.9%, reflecting the increased level of reported delinquencies in the quarter as mentioned earlier. The loss ratio in the quarter is based on an assumed claim rate of – on newly reported delinquencies for our U.S. MI book of slightly above 5%, combined with an average expected future claim value for severity that is approximately 50% higher than claims we settled and paid in the quarter. This difference is explained by the fact that the distribution of the newly reported delinquencies carry a higher average outstanding loan balance as a higher proportion is for mortgages from the more recent origination years and from states that have higher loan values such as California, Florida and New York. The expense ratio was lower by 100 basis points over the same quarter one year ago reflecting lower operating costs including reduced levels of travel and entertainment expenses. Prior period net loss reserve development was minimal this quarter at $0.2 million favorable. Total investment return for the quarter was positive 372 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis, as the strong recovery in the capital markets produced healthy returns across our entire portfolio. The duration of our investment portfolio remained basically unchanged from the prior quarter at 3.18 years. The effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income resulted in a benefit of 0.9% in the quarter, reflecting a change in the full year estimated tax rate the geographic mix of our pretax income and 110 basis point expense from discrete tax items in the quarter. As always, the effective tax rate could vary depending on the level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. We currently estimate the full year tax rate to be in the 9% to 12% range for 2020. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis increased to $832 million as of July 1, which had approximately 8% of tangible common equity remains well below our internal limits at the single event 1-in-250-year return level. The growth in the PML this quarter is attributable to both E&S property within our insurance segment and property lines within the reinsurance segment, reflecting our ability to deploy more capacity to opportunities that safely exceeded our return thresholds, some of which were slightly tempered by additional reinsurance purchases. As you know, we issued $1 billion of 30-year senior notes at the end of the second quarter, enhancing our capital base and furthering our objective of maintaining a strong and liquid balance sheet. Our debt plus preferred leverage ratio of 23.8% remains within a reasonable range. As discussed on the prior call, we paused our share repurchase activity since the start of the pandemic and we do not expect to repurchase shares for the remainder of 2020. At USMI, our capital position remains strong with our PMIERs sufficiency ratio at 161% at the end of June, which reflects the coverage afforded by our Bellemeade mortgage insurance-linked notes. In late June, we were able to obtain $528 million of coverage on our in-force book for the second half of 2019. Our ability to execute this transaction highlights the credit quality of our in-force book and further protects our balance sheet should an extreme tail event materialize. The Bellemeade structures provide approximately $3.1 billion of aggregate reinsurance coverage at June 30, 2020. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question on the property casualty side, you guys seem pretty optimistic and started to see – saw a continuation of pretty good growth in the quarter. And so you guys don't disclose the capital supporting, your property casualty versus the mortgage business, but if we're sitting outside the company and we just want to get a sense of the opportunity at hand and the capital that you have given the recent debt raise could you potentially if it really is a strong market double the size of your insurance book of business on your current capital base?
Marc Grandisson: I think it's a fair assessment. I think in general you could think of capital allocation on premium from the P&C as a 1:1 that sort of, gives you a range for capital usage but certainly the ability is there. And I would say that is also informed by how you develop it right? Elyse if you -- property care is a different and capital requirements and then other lines of business such as quota share, let's say, on the reinsurance side on liability. So there's a lot -- there's plenty of room for us to grow.
Elyse Greenspan: Great. And then on the mortgage side of things, you guys see some pretty helpful color that the current delinquency rate is about 30% to 40% lower than where you thought it would have been. So as you set the new guide for the outlook for the underwriting -- positive underwriting mortgage income for the rest of the year in that 70% to 80% combined ratio can you give us a sense of where you expect delinquency rates to trend in the third and the fourth quarter?
François Morin: Well we don't really -- we had -- the quarterly movements are a bit harder to predict. But I mean we had forecasted last quarter somewhere around a 10% or so delinquency rate by the end of the year. We think -- right now we're thinking that it will be more like around 8%. So obviously, we're monitoring weekly and we get data that comes in from all our servicers et cetera, but that's kind of where we're at. There's about 8% delinquency rate by the end of the year.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think to add to this Elyse. I would -- just to add to this Elyse, I would say that this is it's a one quarter data point so it will take us we still take a longer-term view and are not fully all reflecting the decrease or the lesser delinquency that we had. We had reported versus what we expected where you get 30% to 40% and then François told you a 20% increase. That tells you sort of a level where we're thoughtful and measured in the way we want to recognize any immediate improvement.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. And then my last question. You guys have pointed to the severity per claim. I believe you said it was about 50% higher than some of the claims you settled in the quarter just given the higher housing values, I believe. If I look in your supplement on the mortgage page, the average case reserve per default went down to 6,900 in the quarter and it has been 14,400. Why would that number have gone down if you're actually setting up more for the current claims? I'm just trying to reconcile those numbers.
François Morin: Yes. The average is very much a function of the percentage of the delinquencies that are effectively in early stages of delinquency. So if you think of all these newly reported delinquencies in the quarter they carry again effectively a 5-or-so percent claim rate versus the older-stage delinquencies and the percentages go up as the more mature the later-stage mature delinquencies we have. So it's really -- there's no changes in assumptions. I'd say it's really just the way the mix of the portfolio or the mix of the delinquencies that we currently have changes over time. And this was really as you know the first quarter where we had a large surge of delinquencies coming from the pandemic.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate all the color.
François Morin: Thanks, Elyse.
Marc Grandisson: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Crédit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good morning. I guess sticking with MI so clearly there -- feels like there's some conservatism kind of built in that you expect the delinquency rate to continue moving north. Is the government stimulus kind of a big x factor in terms of like the -- how the $600 weekly unemployment insurance subsidy whether that continues or not? Just trying to think about -- or I mean you can just should we just probably be looking at unemployment levels as well? Just trying to think about how to gauge because clearly results have been good so far much better than expected which is great.
Marc Grandisson: So Mike, I think, the easy question is unemployment matters it is a contributing factor that would precipitate if you will in delinquency and in claims ultimately. The number one, the leading indicators as I said in my notes that will tell you whether there's a heightened increased risk of delinquencies is really the house price in there. So to the extent that the house prices are stable or keep on going up or that there is -- which is another way to say as long as there's reasonable amount of equity in the house, we have found that borrowers do not tend to walk away from their obligation to mortgages. I know. So if you saw the great financial crisis what happened is we had a combination of house price decreases and unemployment so it sort of contributed to the acceleration and a more of an acute delinquency rate that we saw in the great financial crisis which we are not seeing right now. So what we're focusing on -- of course we look at what the government is doing that's going to be helpful. And I think we'll see more of this impact at the end of the forbearance period. But for now the house price index is extremely encouraging to us and really is a leading indicator on the propensity for homeowners to default.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. That makes sense and that's helpful. Then in terms of -- we get a number of questions about the court cases in the United Kingdom the FCA has kind of been writing about that. Is that contemplated in your COVID IBNR whether those court cases go for or against the industry?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. We've taken a conservative approach and we actually had reserves for it as the end of March. So we have reserved for it appropriately with fairly good level of reinsurance against it so we're pretty much reserved there. If things -- it could presumably could be good news going forward for us there.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And just lastly quickly I'm sure other people will ask about kind of the segments. Any thoughts on new capital entering the broader insurance and reinsurance marketplaces? Do you feel that capital will continue then or is it having an impact on your ability to play offense at this point or is it still just a drop in the bucket? Any color would be helpful. Thanks.
Marc Grandisson: So Mike, it's a little bit of everything you mentioned. I would say that the capital needs that are out there that we see in terms of client trying to find solutions and towers of coverage is meaning a place, a new place, a new home. We would need a significant amount of capital to neutralize that impact if you will. So we're seeing actually acceleration even though there are -- there's more capital being raised and new entrants as we speak thinking about coming in. We're not seeing any ebbing of the rate pressure that we see right now. And I think the demand for capital are pretty high. There's a couple of large players that were really providing a lot of capacity acute capacity in very, very high capacity mongers in the industry have pulled out significantly, so that means that there's a lot of other capital that needs to find its way around to support it. So I would say that, we are not seeing -- we hear what's out there, what's happening. We're encouraged by -- we raised some more capital and there's other folks such as ourselves who have access to the business, access to the clients and relationships. We're able to raise capital. It bodes well for the health of those companies. But any new entrants, it will take them a while to get ramped up and I don't think it's impossible. I think it's totally doable, but it's certainly not something that we're losing sleep over.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, everybody. First question on MI and then a couple on the COVID losses. So in MI, I haven't really seen any significant pullback from that market. So I guess should I take that to mean that even with all the COVID economic uncertainty you still view it as a pretty attractive business?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it is still very attractive. I would even argue on that the production in the second quarter and as we speak is actually better than it was six months or a year ago where the rates that's -- rate pressures and also quality of underwriting quality of the originations is a lot better than it was even a year ago. So yes there is a lot more activity. The activity Yaron to be fair is also driven by the refinancing market which was not there and by -- dropping the mortgage rate below 3% that does create more business back into the market. As a result of that there's a lot of prepay, right? There's a higher level of the lower level of persistency which means that there's more churn, if you will in the portfolio of business. So I think it's just a reflection of people coming out of their current -- they're coming out of their higher mortgage rate and it's just refinancing at a low level which still makes economic sense. Now we're on the receiving end to grow. That's what we have such we believe much higher NIWs than otherwise would have been in a more stable marketplace.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. That's helpful. And then with regards to the COVID losses maybe a couple of questions there. One when you talk about IBNR, do you include only events or losses from events that have already occurred or do you also include events in the future that are probable very probable to occur?
François Morin: Well I mean that's a -- I mean a good question which as you know people are -- I think companies are may be answering that, I don't want to say, differently. But I think the words - we have to be careful with how we use the words, right? So I'd say, no question that we can only reserve for incidents or occurrences that have happened before June 30. I mean that's under GAAP. And anybody that tells you they're reserving for occurrences that are going to happen in the third or fourth quarter, I just don't know how you can do that. What we have done is, set again a high level I think a prudent level of IBNR on both insurance and reinsurance on things that we know happened or think have happened right? I mean the whole concept of IBNR. So we have certain claims that have been reported. We don't know. And certainly when you get into structures or when you're in an excess position, you're somewhat making a judgment on whether the claim will attach in your layer etcetera and that's where there's a bit more -- there's a bit of art that goes on and not necessarily tons of data or science around it. So I think the answer to us is, we've reserved for everything through June 30 and we would say there's an ultimate right? So the truly our best estimate of what we think the exposure is and that's where we are. I mean we can't really do more than that at this point given the accounting rules and guidelines.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then final question also with regards to COVID, between first quarter and second quarter the increase in loss and COVID losses is some of that coming from IBNRs that you had already set up in 1Q, but then took a second look and realized they need to be higher or is that from really new lines of business and new areas that had not been not previously reserved for?
François Morin: Well I'd say it's a bit of both. I mean I would say on the insurance side for example at Q1 we had reserved primarily in set IBNR primarily in our international book because again back to the in the U.K. in particular property book or regional property book there we were of the opinion that there was exposure there. We took action and we booked IBNR on that. I'd say in the second quarter for example we booked and I mentioned it on national accounts that's where we have workers' comp exposure. Again if you want to be very technical at one point, I mean the deaths or the occurrences hadn't happened at the end of March they started to take place especially with health care workers as an example in April and May. So that's when we -- that's what we reserved for in the second quarter. I'd say on the reinsurance side, it's a bit murkier. It's not -- we're somewhat at the mercy or have to have discussions with our scenes and on the property cat book for example. We had booked a little bit of IBNR at the end of Q1. But through additional discussions and investigations and file reviews in the second quarter we booked a bit more on that front and the same is true in trade credit. So hopefully that answers, it but it's a bit of both I'd say.
Yaron Kinar: That is helpful. And maybe one other one if I could sneak it in. On the BI front in reinsurance, the increases in COVID losses that you're reserving for today are those coming more from international accounts or more from the U.S.?
François Morin: Correct more international. Absolutely. As you know we have exposure. I mean -- Continental Europe in particular there's France here there's certain countries where the BI coverage is more implicit and provided by the primary policies so those are some of the examples that we -- or policies that we -- or treaties that we're reserving for at this point.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: Can we talk a little bit about July and how it compared with -- noticing for mortgage defaults?
Marc Grandisson: Can you repeat the question please Josh?
Josh Shanker: Yes. Can we talk about -- compare May June July -- of you receiving notices for forbearance and defaults?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think we -- I think the one place the one thing that we could say I mean it's -- the data is probably lagging a little bit from our perspective. But the good one to look at is the -- there's information back now I think and the MBA is providing information as to what is their estimate surveying the market and their clients as to who -- what's the forbearance percentage. I think it was pretty much plateauing as we got into May -- towards the end of May into June and through the second - first or second week of July and it's gotten down since then. So we're about 6.1% based on that metric in percent of forbearance from the GSE portfolio from the industry data and now it's at 5.49% as of July 13, I believe this last week. So we've seen a decrease right now Josh. Whether it continues that way or goes back up again. As you know a lot of people pay on the first of the month, but we'll probably have more information and a better clear picture as to what August look -- July looks like in the middle of August.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you. And do you have any evidence one way or the other what RateStar has had any discernible difference in claim behavior -- I should say, claim-noticing behavior compared to how a lot of your competitors were pricing risk prior to your -- to adopting your methods?
Marc Grandisson : Yes, I think, it does. It has had an impact. I think when we talk about cycle management. We also were doing it possibly a little bit more under the radar screen and MI. I think that our RateStar approach with all the parameters actually took us away from a higher than 95 LTV, higher DTIs in certain geographical areas. So yes, we do believe if we adjust for all the variation. I mean, it's not a huge differential, but there is a slight improvement or a slight difference going to our advantage in terms of our delinquencies based on our portfolio and the risk that we underwrote for the last four, five years.
Josh Shanker: All right. And one last one. I think you mentioned the change in AML. I don't think you mentioned the RDS change or maybe I missed it. Where is RDS as a percent of -- directly as of the end of the quarter?
François Morin: Still right at 8% pretty flat. We've -- a couple of movements across the kind of contributions, but yes 8% of tangible book.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for all the answers.
François Morin: You’re welcome.
Marc Grandisson : Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, Thanks. Appreciate the MI guidance, I realize all this is like literally impossible to nail down, but I'll go ahead and I'll push on it a little bit more, because it is interesting. So when you think about the full year delinquency rate in your mind what are you thinking the percentage of forbearances are going to be of I think you said what was it 8%? How much of that is forbearance versus what you think of as like a real delinquency?
Marc Grandisson: Well, the forbearance that we will declare -- that we will report that we're reporting to you are delinquencies by definition, right? So it's very hard to see I know what you're asking. And I think the one thing that we will tell you about projecting forbearance rates and delinquency rates in this forbearance world is that data is very, very hard to get and it's lagging a fair amount, so very difficult for us to tell you.
Ryan Tunis: And, I guess, my follow-up too is, how are you planning on treating these delinquencies as they age? Like you're obviously using a pretty conservative incidence rate of 5%. I mean, as those move into the -- as those age to six months or whatever like are you going to keep it at 5% or are you going to assume something bigger than that?
Marc Grandisson: I think it's -- there are two moving parts of that 5% Ryan. One is the -- it comes up really as our pre-COVID NODs to ultimate, which was 7.9% and we gave a discount about 33% haircut by virtue of being a forbearance. So as we move forward that 7.9%, which is a claim that's aged three months versus a claim that's aged two years or nine months even though it's a forbearance, we might have to increase those rates. But at the same time if the forbearance programs are getting better we might give a bit more discount or less discount. So it's a really, really -- and you're right you just pointed at the beginning of your comments. I think I should have probably let you answer your own question, which is it's pretty much impossible to answer at this point in time. But right -- and we have -- all we have is a 7.9% pre-COVID ultimate NODs, which was starting point getting some discount, recognizing that the regular forbearance program on hurricanes, which it is not right now -- is as low as 2%. So we're try to find our way around that environment, also recognizing that the delinquencies out of this crisis this COVID-19 will be longer to resolve, because the forbearance program as we all know will last for 12 months. So it's going to be -- it's going to take us a while to really understand the underlying fundamental characteristics of those risks. And to add all this -- to all of this if that wasn't enough, we'll have remediation programs put in place by the GSEs, which presumably should help a tremendous amount. But again, it remains very early to see -- to say.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then lastly, Mark, this is purely hypothetical, but if you had $1 of capital for the next year or two years and you can only allocate it to reinsurance or primary insurance, is there a clear preference for which one you allocate it to?
Marc Grandisson: How many years?
Ryan Tunis: Two years.
Marc Grandisson: Man, so to me you're asking me to choose among my kids. I got three kids, I love dearly.
Ryan Tunis: I would split it in three -- three ways or I mean, which way I would like to know…
Marc Grandisson: I mean, to me it's not an all or nothing. But I do believe right now at this point in time, which is I think what you're getting into, which I mentioned in my comments the returns on the reinsurance are quicker to a high level get quicker. But in terms of value creation over the longer time insurance will get there and get traction. It just takes a longer time to accumulate business at a higher level so -- but the problem with the reinsurance it's great for a couple of years but then you might lose that business. So it's not an all or nothing kind of situation. I wouldn't want to go, let's say, all-in in reinsurance even though they have higher ROEs sooner at the cost of losing long-term value creation from the insurance unit.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks for the color. Appreciate it.
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Thank you. I wanted to follow-up on that question, but in a different direction. You talked about reinsurance maybe recovering faster than insurance. How is the current hardening cycle playing out in terms of speed relative to past cycles? Is there any observable difference?
Marc Grandisson: Not really. I would say that we -- Meyer we may have that discussion before. A hard market never happens overnight. It takes five signal – two, three quarters. Losses have to develop. Management team have to figure out what they want to do and put pressure on their underwriting team. So it's no -- it's not unlike others that we've seen before. I would say that we were going to a strengthening of the market conditions even before COVID-19, I think that COVID is probably accelerating the reaction and the willingness and the boldness that we see in the underwriting teams around the industry. But there are still pockets Meyer where people seem to be a little bit aloof in what's going around. And these are the areas we're not growing as much as we should. But I know every cycle turn is different, but I'm not seeing significant difference. It does take-up -- and well one last thing, I will tell you. The one thing about this one is that, we have yet to see is the 1/1 renewal on reinsurance is a really important renewal date, so we'll have a lot more sense as to how quickly and how reactive the market will be as we head into this one.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No. That's very helpful. Thank you. In the past, we've been, I guess, targeting improvements within insurance that would get to a 95% combined. And when we look to the lens of current pricing, is there an update in terms of what that 95% can become?
Marc Grandisson: I hope it's lower. But all kidding aside Meyer, I think that the 95% was put in place as an aspirational number two, three years ago. Now, two years ago now in an interest environment that was different. So, I think right now what we're processing it through -- this was sort of an aspirational as a guiding sort of target for our insurance group. I think right now what we're seeing is we're going through every different line of business and business units and attributing capital and return on investment and we're pitching everything to get to the right level. So, 95% is an over-simplistic way of looking at this. But all things being equal I think I would expect it to be lower right for the industry and that's also why you'll probably see a bit more pressure on the pricing around us in the industry.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. And then final question if I can just in terms of whether you've had to take into account whether it's COVID or something like that that's so remote or other pressures whether you've dialed up your overall last year numbers in insurance or reinsurance?
François Morin: Not in a meaningful way. I think -- I mean we've been pretty cautious. And I think I've been I'd say realistic about what the loss trends have been and what we expect them to be going forward. As you know we haven't relied exclusively on kind of the last five or 10 years of data. We superimposed our own views on what a more normalized view of loss trends is or should be. And I think we're still very comfortable with where we were at and recognizing that yes COVID is a bit of an outlier. But at this point, haven't really factored in any material changes in our loss trends in how we price the business.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. A couple here for you. First one, I don't think you mentioned it, but was there any benefit at all in the quarter from just lower frequency of economic activity kind of from a claims perspective in any lines of business?
François Morin: I mean there are some indications that in some places yes, there's lower economic activity which will translate to lower losses or claims. We really haven't reflected that yet. I mean we want to take a cautious approach on that, so I'd like to think that maybe there's some to come down the road but for now we haven't factored that in anywhere in our numbers.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then second question I'm just curious Marc as you look at I guess the HEALS Act here there's a component into it of kind of liability call it indemnification. As you think about it if that doesn't go through is that a potential issue here for you and the insurance industry? And how do you kind of think about it from an underwriting perspective here going forward?
Marc Grandisson: I missed the word you said Brian. Could you repeat the early part of your question?
Brian Meredith: Well, it's -- basically curious about protection or what you think about as far as the economy reopening here and potential liability associated with kind of COVID-19. The current I think it's called the HEALS Act or the CARES 2 Act has got some language in there trying to grant businesses and immunity for it right? I'm just curious of your thoughts around that. And if you're interested for insurance?
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's not good. They're going to allocate more liability to us or presumption to us is not good. But I think in this sense these laws are always there. There's always things that are happening. We're going to have to react to what we see when we see it. That's all I can tell you Brian. It's very hard to sit here and go through what impact it is. If we were to react and do this full drill about everything that goes and a bill that's proposed it would take a lot of our time. So, we'll react to it when we'll react to it, right?
Brian Meredith: Yes. And Marc I think you get it wrong. I think you mistake my question. My question more is from your insurance policies perspective as you look going forward as the economy reopens up there's clearly EPLI exposures or GL exposures all sorts of exposures to potentially present themselves as benefits. How do you -- how are you thinking about that from an underwriting perspective?
Marc Grandisson: Well, we have written policies that have EPLI exposure, we have GL exposures but we are not a large risk writer. We don't write the large insurers so that's certainly something that would be helpful to us. We would argue that a lot of the larger claims a lot of the focus from the low risk plaintiff bar would be focused on the larger deeper pocket insurer, so that's one thing we have for us. We also have a fairly amount -- a good healthy amount of reinsurance, so we're not overly concerned with the sideways change.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Got you. Okay. And then another just quick one here. Your travel insurance I'm just curious how big of a book is that? And obviously we're probably going to see some continued pressures there for the rest of the year.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it was originally about a couple of hundred million dollars of premium and now it's down -- I mean you could see the numbers you can multiply by four. I don't need to -- 250 actually for the year. So that's -- it's been -- it's taken a big dent and that also explains why the growth was more tested this quarter than otherwise could have been.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then one other just quick one here for you. I know you guys launched the sidecar guesses in the first quarter. Any thoughts about additional kind of alternative capacity here to potentially capture some of the good attractive opportunities in reinsurance?
Marc Grandisson: It's a good question Brian. You're trying to get us to say something we don't want to say we can't say and we won't say. We don't mention about we certainly are always on the lookout to raise capital to deploy it with third party a lot of discussions are happening all over. We'll have probably more update as we see it happen and we'll be communicating to you to the extent it's appropriate but how much more it is clearly -- yes.
Brian Meredith: Great. Great. Great. And last one just quickly any updates on Coface?
Marc Grandisson: Coface strategically is still something we really very much think is valuable for the shareholders. There's a lot going on. We're still going through the process of approval process and we're keeping a keen eye on what's happening. I think they reported results yesterday which were better than The Street expected. So, hopefully if that goes. It's also there as well a developing situation with them.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: Yes, thanks. Just a quick one on the Bellemeade transaction. I'm thinking about the potential for these moving forward. I guess it seems like the Bellemeade deal that was done in the past quarter just given its attachment was probably more for S&P capital credit than PMIERs. When we saw an MI pure play come out with their own ILN transaction which is in my mind more of a traditional attachment point in the low single digits but the spreads on that and the pricing was significantly higher. How are you thinking about the managing of tail risk that Bellemeade provides versus just the capital credit that could be from playing I would think something that could be considered well above the working layers for the MI reinsurance coverage and the capital relief that something like that might provide?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it's a good question. I think it's always something we evaluate when and if we place or look at options that are in front of us. You're correct this one attaches -- the last one attaches above the PMIERs credit, but we're still very much in -- we have a healthy PMIERs ratio so that didn't really concern us too much. At this point not to say that next time or down the road, we may not go back to a lower attachment point. But yes, the focus was really -- yes it's an available source of capital.  From a rating agency point of view, S&P you're correct it covers that. It provides us coverage there. And also we felt as being the first one out of the gate even before the GSEs to go back and access the capital markets was we thought a very strong message demonstrated. Again ,I touched on it the quality the book and the investor base is still very has a lot of interest and appetite for the product, so I think we were happy with the placement. No question it's always too expensive. We'd like to see the price to come down. We hope they do down the road. But for the time being given the economics in front of us we were -- I think it was a good move on our part.
Phil Stefano: Got it. And to the extent that you guys have a disclosure wish list that you keep in the background, I think it might be helpful to see the USMI disaggregated from the international and the mortgage reinsurance book just been the significant differences in how those businesses are reserved for? Thanks for appreciating.
François Morin : See you, back. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn with Dowling & Partners.
Geoffrey Dunn : Thanks. Good morning. I guess first just a quick number question. Can you quantify the impact of the accelerated singles in the quarter?
Marc Grandisson: Did we do that? I think it's about $50 million.
Geoffrey Dunn :  $50 million, okay. And then let's think forward past the end of new forbearance so early next year, so given what you know about the economy now obviously very different from a couple of months ago. How would you think about claim rates on new notices without forbearance? Because again you pointed out it's very different with home prices remains to be seen if we're going into a recession or not. And I think Marc last quarter you suggested, we might be looking at 13%, 14% given what you knew then. So what do you think about that type of number as you get into early 2021 based on what you know today?
Marc Grandisson : I think the 5% is probably -- this is like on NODs or you're talking about ultimate claims rate for the portfolio?
Geoffrey Dunn : On NODs. So new notices coming in forbearance goes away.
Marc Grandisson : NODs, yes. Right. I think we were at 7.9% pre-COVID. I think that the forbearance should be pretty helpful and to bring it up -- not bring up to the 13%, 14% you just mentioned, I mentioned first quarter. That's probably -- my gut would tell me a slight increase for a little while until we see things shake out and things came back to more normalcy. And I think reverting back to some kind of level. I think the forbearance program were to play out to the way it should play out. It's still very uncertain as you know Geoff. I think that we should get back to -- it might stay elevated for a while maybe 12%, 13% for a little while but it should go back down at some point for next year I would say.
Geoffrey Dunn : Okay. Alright. So you do think given what you know about the economy and built-up equity that you could still see 12% type of incidence assumption?
Marc Grandisson : Yes. Yes on NODs, right? On new NODs for regular piece not for the forbearance piece? The forbearance piece we gave -- we did give a discount, right? There's a discount to that. So yes then just got it from – right. Congrats, yes.
Geoffrey Dunn : All right. Thank you.
François Morin : Quick, I mean before you go on to the next one, Geoff quick update for you. The actual impact of the singles was $27 million in the quarter. Just correction to Marc $50 million.
Geoffrey Dunn : Thanks, again.
Marc Grandisson : Okay. Go with $51 million.
François Morin : You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan.
Jimmy Bhullar : Hi. I just had a question on pricing and just how you think about the interplay between the decline in exposures if the economy remains weak and how that could affect demand and pricing? And relatedly what else is out there that you think could potentially derail the momentum that you've seen in pricing both in insurance and reinsurance?
Marc Grandisson : I mean it's hard to predict the future. As you know -- my God! I think if everything resolves, I mean even if things resolved for the better, I think the momentum that we've seen in the first quarter, late 2019, early 2020 I think we would still see some momentum. I think it would be just a matter of degree how much higher the rates could go. But I do believe the momentum was there for a turnover market way before pre-COVID-19. COVID-19 like I said before exacerbated the need for rate and accelerate the need for rate.
Jimmy Bhullar : And then there's been a lot of talk about sort of ILS and trapped capacity and what do you think about when either some of the capacity gets relieved or potentially gets absorbed? And once there's clarity on that do you think by this time next year like a lot of the trapped capital would actually be out?
Marc Grandisson : It's a possibility. I mean that's also assuming there's no more cat occurring this year. But this is a long-lasting cat event so it's not as clear as having a quake let's say in March. And I guess in a year out it's still developing but you have a better sense for wanting to or would be willing to release capital. This one will take a bit longer to process through, right? For instance, you could have arguments in courts and new ways and new push back on the insurance industry to pay claims in a property cycle. And that would take -- that could take another 1.5 years or two years to resolve. So, there's a lot more uncertainty in terms of timing finding resolution of the ultimate prices. So, it's a lot less certain that it will take only a year to get through it.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Inglis with Philo Smith.
James Inglis: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to follow-up on the conversation we've been having about forbearance programs and to what extent delinquencies get cured get claims -- turn into claims sort of, et cetera. And I appreciate that we don't know what's going to happen going forward, but I'm wondering if you could speak to what you learned in previous forbearance programs and how that affects your thinking about your current book? And if -- and what you learned in there? Was it -- did you learn anything about LTVs geographies sort of, et cetera? And how does that apply to your existing book today?
Marc Grandisson: I think we have done reserving in the past, considering all the dimensions you just talked about, I think that we had the -- the beautiful thing about the prior hurricanes or the beautiful thing in a way is that we have prior hurricanes and prior events that we can go back to and look at the experience. This definitely help us put I guess, boundaries around what could happen, but this one is very unusual in the length of the forbearance program and the breadth and how widely spread it is. And I think we also have to throw in there the $600 per week unemployment benefits and the distribution that we talked about. Some regions are more heavily affected than others. So I think everything gets in the mix Jimmy -- Jamie. It's not just one dimension. And I think what we've learned is that, we sort of can use the historical forbearance experience as sort of as a range of possible outcome. But, we actually are digging heavily, heavily into developing a much more refined view of a forbearance-specific programs, such as the one we're facing right now. And we may never use it again, but at least we're in the process of readjusting our development claims model called ARMOR that we have internally. So, we're -- it's still very much developing and we're learning on the fly.
François Morin: Yeah. Two things I'll add quickly to that. As Mark mentioned, the historically forbearance delinquencies most of them cure. I mean -- and we made comment that the 2% kind of claim rate. So that's obviously a very positive sign, but that's again more localized and it's a short-term issue. So, I mean understandable that these delinquencies most of them would cure. So that would be one extreme that would be a very good result in this situation. Maybe a little counter to that, as you may know, many of the claims or the mortgages or loans and forbearance up to 40% were actually still current, up until recently. So, in the early days of the second quarter, many loans had accessed the forbearance programs, but remained current and made their mortgage payments. The data now suggests that that percentage has come down. So the reality is, now we'll get a few more loans that have turned delinquent that were historically current or had been current in forbearance, but now have turned delinquent. So, that's a bit of a data point that we're monitoring, but that kind of gives us a bit of -- not necessarily concerned, but we have to understand better so that we can refine our estimates as we move forward, because the 2% ultimate claim rate may not be achievable or probably won't be what we end up with in this current situation.
James Inglis: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it. Good luck in future.
François Morin: Thank you, Jamie.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks for joining us this quarter. Please stay safe. Have a nice rest of the summer, and we'll talk to you in the fall again. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Arch Capital Group First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. François Morin. Sirs you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Shannon, and good morning to you. It would not be an understatement to say that, the coronavirus has changed the world since our last call with you just three months ago. Fortunately, at Arch we are entering this period with the investments we have made in our P&C business beginning to pay off, while our mortgage group navigates through the current turbulence. If you work long enough in the insurance business, like I have, you are bound to experience the industry cycle its highs and its lows. As management, we have to keep our eye on the goal which for Arch is generating sustainable growth in book value per share. The current stress in the financial and insurance markets reminds us of changes that can occur to which we need to adapt. While we are still early in the assessment of our direct and indirect claims exposure to the coronavirus, it is clear that this event will be a significant industry loss and will result in profound changes. However, dislocation often leads to opportunity. As you know, one of Arch's strategic principles from inception has been cycle management. We are embarking in this new market environment, with both a strong financial foundation and the creative ability of our more than 4,200 employees that position us for the opportunities that will emerge. Turning to the quarter. We saw improving conditions in our P&C businesses, while our mortgage operations continued to produce good results. Strengthening P&C market conditions remain evident, even as the economy contracts. We have seen a rise in our submission activity along with accelerating rate increases, across multiple lines of business in Q1 and it is continuing here in Q2. Our belief in the continuing hardening of the P&C market is due to the need our industry has to address the accumulation of risk factors over the last five years of soft market conditions. These risk elements are; one, future claims and covered litigation related to COVID-19; two, a heightened perception of risk in general; three, economic uncertainty; four, a continuation of low interest rates and the dampening effect on investment returns; five, a potential for shortfalls in casualty reserves; and six, reduced availability of retro and alternative capital in general. These risk elements are all in play today and are likely to lead insurance companies to be more cautious in allocating capital to risk. In our insurance group, our strategy remains to be selective and pick our spots in this improving market. The rising rates environment and dislocation in the markets have allowed us to grow profitably in the past two years in many sectors, such as, E&S property, D&O and E&S casualty. On a reported basis, we saw our margins improve this current quarter as our accident combined ratio ex-cat of COVID and PYD improved to 97%. In our reinsurance business, pricing is also improving and we continue to observe tightening of terms and conditions in many lines. The value of reinsurance as a capital protection tool has been enhanced by the recent events. The hallmark of our reinsurance group remains the dynamic allocation of capital to contracts that will provide appropriate risk-adjusted returns, while helping clients with solutions that are tailored to their needs and was a large factor in our growth this quarter. Switching now to our mortgage insurance segment, the industry is facing its first significant test, since the fundamental reforms and product improvements that were adopted following the global financial crisis or GFC. As you know, Arch MI is a data and analytics-driven company and our investment in the sector was predicated on a new and better MI operating model than the industry employed prior to 2008. Now, pricing is more precise, products and documentation are better and the MI industry buys protection against downside. In addition, another change in the industry can be; seen in the aggressive government actions taken in the early stages of the pandemic directed at helping borrowers stay in their homes. The GSE's forbearance program and the unemployment benefits programs provide unprecedented support that should enable borrowers to cure delinquent – delinquencies as the economy improves and will result in fewer losses. As noted in our quarterly HaMMR report, the MI industry is far better positioned for a recession than they were in 2008. At that time, mortgage insurance portfolios were facing a housing market that was significantly overbuilt, risky mortgage products and less creditworthy borrowers. More than two-thirds of mortgage insurance written in 2007 would have been uninsurable during the last 10 years. And finally, there was a speculative bubble in home prices. Mortgages filed under the FHFA's forbearance programs, were estimated at 5.85% of the GSE mortgages as of April 26. This program allows homeowners to suspend mortgage payment for six months, which can then be extended for up to another six months. While initially recorded as delinquencies under GAAP, our data on forbearance programs utilized in recent natural catastrophes indicates that almost all of these loans cure by providing borrowers time to return to work. Over the next few quarters, rising delinquency rates under GAAP, should lead to elevated loss ratios in the MI segment. Furthermore, once the forbearance programs expire, the GSEs have instituted a sturdy list of remedial solutions that once again will enable loans to be back-performing. We realize that this pandemic-led recession will be different than a GFC. But based on what we can see today, our view is this is an earnings not a capital event for Arch. It is worth noting again, that even if this recession is worse than we currently expect, we hold significant reinsurance protection on our risk in force that would moderate our net losses even in a more severe recession. While some of our reinsurers' quota share attaches at first-dollar loss that index-linked know that from our Bellemeade securitization, we’ll provide up to an additional $3 billion of excess and loss protection, if this becomes a recession worse than what the industry experienced in a GFC. Lastly, turning to our investment operations. We believe that interest rates are likely to stay at historically low levels for the foreseeable future and that will over time require insurers to improve their underwriting margins through price increases. In our investment strategy, as in our underwriting approach, we have maintained our focus on risk-adjusted total return while enabled us -- which enabled us to avoid much of the negative impact of the pandemic on our investments this quarter. As perception of risk increases, so does the cost of capital and underwriting discipline becomes important. Again, recent world events reminds us that risk is always present, that insurance premiums must include an adequate margin of safety and that reinsurance plays an important role in protecting capital and returns. In summary, through to Arch's cycle and risk management principles and fortified by our conservative balance sheet, Arch is prepared for this crisis and is well-positioned to continue to build on its track record of book value growth. In closing, I want to thank all of our employees around the world, as they are responsible for the success of Arch, and are working tirelessly throughout the world to meet the needs of our insurers. Thank you. With that, I'll turn the call over to François.
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. We, at Arch, hope that you are in good health in these difficult and uncertain times. This quarter, in anticipation of some of the questions you may have, I will try to elaborate in more detail on some notable items in addition to the regular discussion of financial items. I recognize this may take a bit longer than usual, so please bear with me. Now on to the first quarter results. As a reminder and consistent with prior practice, the following comments are on a core basis which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding the other segment i.e. the operations of Watford Holdings Ltd. In our filings, the term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $189.8 million, which translates to an annualized 7.1% operating return on average common equity and $0.46 per share. Book value per share decreased to $26.10 at March 31, a slight reduction of 1.2% from last quarter and a 12.9% increase from one year ago. The defensive posture of our investment portfolio ahead of the COVID-19 crisis served us extremely well in preserving our capital base relatively intact during the stressed economic environment of recent months. I will elaborate on this in more detail later on. Outside of the losses related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which impacted on our first quarter results, our underwriting groups fared very well this quarter with strong growth and generally improving underwriting results through our property casualty insurance and reinsurance operations. Given the unusual circumstances and breadth of the pandemic, we have classified COVID-19 losses as a catastrophe. However, as you saw in the financial supplement, we have also provided the segment level detail of our current estimates to assist with the analysis of the underlying performance of our book of business. We expect to follow this approach until the end of 2020 at a minimum. Losses from 2020 catastrophic events in the quarter, not including COVID-19, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $31.8 million or 2.0 combined ratio points compared to 0.6 combined ratio points in the first quarter of 2019. The losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and were primarily due to various U.S. severe convective storms, U.K. storms and floods, and Australian bushfires. We recorded approximately $87 million of COVID-19 losses across our P&C operations, split 41% to insurance and 59% to reinsurance. While it is still very early and we have extremely limited information to accurately quantify our potential exposure to the pandemic, we believe that it was prudent to establish a certain level of IBNR reserves for occurrences through March 31, based on policy terms and conditions including limits, sublimits and deductibles. These reserves were recorded across a limited number of lines of business, such as property, where we have a very small number of policies that do not contain a specific pandemic exclusion and/or explicitly afford business interruption coverage under a pandemic and trade credit. As regards the potential impact of COVID-19 on our mortgage segment and our estimation process at this time we believe it's important to make a distinction between our U.S. primary mortgage insurance unit which we refer to as USMI and the rest of this segment which includes our international book and our portfolio of GSE credit risk transfer policies. For USMI pursuant to GAAP our estimates are based only on reported delinquencies as of March 31 2020. However, given the potential effect of the pandemic, we elected to book reserves at a higher level of confidence within our range of reserve estimates for such known delinquencies. The financial impact of this increased level of conservatism was approximately 5.2 loss ratio points across the segment. For the rest of this segment the loss-reserving approach we use is more consistent with traditional property casualty techniques where loss ratio picks are set at the policy level and are able to consider future delinquencies on business already earned. This quarter in response to the potential impact from the pandemic across our portfolio, we adjusted our loss-ratio picks for some policies, which resulted in an increase of 6.8 loss-ratio points to the overall segment results. Based on the information known to date and economic forecast, we believe the adjustment across the non-USMI book is prudent and consistent with a moderately severe stress level. As we look towards the remainder of 2020 for our USMI unit, we are expecting the delinquency rate to increase progressively from the current level as more borrowers request forbearance on their mortgage loans under the CARES Act. As mandated by GAAP, we expect to record loss reserves on these delinquencies which will most likely translate into an increase in our levels of incurred losses over the coming quarters. Over time, we would expect many of these delinquencies to cure and revert back to performing loans as the economy returns to a more normal state. At this time, we do not have enough visibility to predictably forecast the rate at which forbearance delinquencies will be reported to us. Cure are ultimately turned into claims on an annual let alone a quarterly basis. That said, based on our current analysis which tells us that the pandemic will represent an earnings event for our mortgage segment and not a capital event, our current expectation is that our pretax underwriting income for the entire mortgage segment will be minimal for the remainder of 2020, i.e. from the second through the fourth quarter of 2020. However, there is likely to be variability in underwriting income between quarters based on the timing of receipt of notice of defaults. Turning to prior period net loss reserve development, we recognized $17.8 million of favorable development in the first quarter net of related adjustments or 1.1 combined ratio points compared to three combined ratio points in the first quarter of 2019. All three of our segments experienced favorable development at $0.8 million $11 million and $6.1 million for the insurance, reinsurance, and mortgage segments respectively. We had excellent net written premium growth in the insurance segment of 33.4% over the same quarter one year ago. The insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats which as a reminder include COVID-19 losses was 97.1% lower by 310 basis points from the same period one year ago. Approximately 190 basis points of the difference is due to a lower expense ratio, primarily from the growth in the premium base over one year ago. The lower ex-cat accident quarter loss ratio primarily reflects the benefits of rate increases achieved throughout most of 2019 and the first quarter of 2020. As for our reinsurance operations, we had a significant transaction in the quarter which affected the comparability of our underwriting results an $88 million loss portfolio transfer written and fully earned in the period in the other specialty line of business. Absent this transaction, net premiums written would have been 57.2% higher than the same quarter one year ago. This net written premium growth was observed around -- sorry across most of our lines and includes a combination of new business opportunities, rate increases, and the integration of the Barbican reinsurance business. While the loss portfolio transfer had a minimal impact on the overall combined ratio for this segment, a decrease of approximately 50 basis points, its impact on each of the loss and expense ratio components was more observable with a resulting increase of 400 basis points to the loss ratio and a decrease of 450 basis points to the expense ratio. Overall, the growth and underlying performance of our reinsurance segment was very good this quarter. The mortgage segment's combined ratio was at 44.1% including the 12-point loss ratio -- loss ratio impact resulting from the increased level of conservatism in our overall segment reserve estimates discussed earlier. The expense ratio was higher by 240 basis points over the same quarter one year ago reflecting reductions in profit commissions on ceded business and higher compensation costs and employee benefits. Total investment return for the quarter was negative 80 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis as the defensive positioning of our portfolio served us extremely well in this difficult period. Given some of our fund investments are reported on a lag typically three months, their first quarter performance will be included in our second quarter financials. The duration of our investment portfolio was slightly lower than last quarter at 3.19 years compared to 3.40 years at December 31st, but remain overweight relative to our target allocation by approximately 0.35 years. Most financial markets had a positive return in April which should help reverse some of the results we're -- we observed in the first quarter. The effective tax rate in the quarter on pretax operating income was 10.5% and reflects the geographic mix of our pretax income and a 110 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. As always, the effective tax rate could vary depending on the level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. Turning briefly to risk management. Our natural cat PML on a net basis increased to $680 million as of April 1, which had approximately 7% of tangible common equity remains well below our internal limits at the single event 1-in-250-year return level. With respect to capital management, we remain committed to maintaining a strong and liquid balance sheet. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of $75.5 million. While we have a meaningful remaining share authorization under our current program, we do not expect to repurchase shares for the remainder of 2020. At USMI, our capital position remained strong with our PMIERs sufficiency ratio at 165% at the end of March 31, 2020, which reflects the coverage afforded by a Bellemeade mortgage insurance link notes. These structures provide approximately $3.1 billion of aggregate reinsurance coverage as of March 31, 2020. Finally, to echo Marc's comments, I'd like to give a special shout out to our more than 4,000 colleagues around the world that have demonstrated a tremendous amount of creativity, patience, resilience and compassion with clients and business partners, the communities they live in, their families and loved ones and each other over the last seven-plus weeks. They are the essence of what Arch is all about and I couldn't be prouder to be part of such a great team of individuals. Thank you. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the mortgage segment. So, I heard you guys say that kind of still difficulty -- difficult to put your hands around what the total loss could be within MI. But you did say that you expect no underwriting income for the next three quarters. So, if I look at what you guys might have been expecting, it seems like -- and look at what you've generated right in the back few quarters of 2019 and that translates maybe into about an $800 million of vicinity loss. Now the reason why I go there is your RDS that you guys disclosed at the end of last year for that business was around 8% of your tangible equity. So the numbers seem within the same ballpark of each other. So, am I triangulating correct that you're assuming that this loss could be equivalent to your RDS, or am I missing something in putting those thoughts together?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think -- thanks Elyse for the question. I think that the two numbers appear to be the same level, but they're actually coming from a different source. The $800 million that you referred to that could be let's say, it's a great number for the next three quarters will be incurred losses. And against that you have to put premium. And if you look at our RDS scenario, we actually look at the rollout of all the claims paid in the future and we offset it by all the premiums that we would receive and this is what constitutes the PML. So they're very different. One is a net P&L impact. The other one is the incurred loss of the $800 million you mentioned the first time around.
Elyse Greenspan: So the $800 million is the losses that you expect over the balance of the next three quarters not the -- I thought you had said it wouldn't generate any underwriting income?
François Morin: Yes. I mean just to clarify I think, it's really a difference between the next nine months versus the full runoff of the in-force portfolio. As we think of the remainder of 2020 what -- the comment I made was really underwriting income meaning premiums minus losses minus expenses. And we're saying, we don't expect a whole lot of underwriting income for the remainder of 2020. When we think about the RDS, fundamentally to get to a similar let's say an $800 million number that you quote of RDS. What that would mean was really -- would be a much larger incurred loss because we expect to have material premium flows or premium income coming to us in future calendar years which may be five, seven, 10 years. So, it's just -- the RDS is really a full comprehensive premium and gain/loss -- underwriting income across the full runoff of the in-force portfolio.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then within the RDS, can you remind us what are the assumptions for delinquency rates as well as like housing price depreciation and how we think about you guys coming to that 8% loss figure?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. There are many assumptions, but at a high level decrease in-house price 25% below fundamental, so 25% from now going down and staying there for two to three years. Interest rates shooting up 7% or 8% that these are major -- the two major ones that unemployment of course lasting longer. The length of time that our RDS is stressing our portfolio when we go through it is a much longer period than even the 2007 crisis would have generated. To the delinquency equivalent, it's something more like 9% ultimate claims rate. It's hard for me to parse out what is delinquency versus conversion to claims. So, at a high level we prefer to think in terms of claims rate. So, the portfolio as it stands right now, if you run it off and 9% of it were to default that will be equivalent to the RDS net that we have which is significantly above what we expect right now just to -- just for your benefit which is significantly above what we expect to happen for the next 12 months.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last one on the guide for the lack of underwriting income for the year-end mortgage, does -- and you -- do you guys -- are you guys assuming that you're going to have to use some of your ILS the Bellemeade securities, or at this point you do not think you might attach into any of those covers?
François Morin: Well, two things that just for -- I think good points of clarification for you guys. First of all, the Bellemeade protections as you probably do know amortize over time. But there's a trigger on them that basically once you exceed a certain level of delinquencies, they stop amortizing. And that we think we expect will happen most likely sometime in 2020, and maybe in the second quarter maybe in the third quarter maybe later. And that will basically freeze at least for some period the amount of covereds that is available to us, and would remain most likely for the duration of each of those structures. But to answer I think more directly to your question, we do not expect under most scenarios that we would trigger the coverage of the provided by the Bellemeade protection. So the $3 billion of excess of loss cover that we talk about, we know is available, we know it's there. But at this time under most scenarios, we don't expect to pierce the attachment that we would -- where we would actually fully -- well, we'd start to receive coverage or cede some of our exposures.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you for all the color.
François Morin: You’re welcome.
Marc Grandisson: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar: Thanks. Good morning. So just first a question on the MI business. Your assumption of no underwriting income for the rest of the year, does that reflect primarily you having to reserve at the level that reflects sort of delinquencies given GAAP rules, or does it also -- and not -- and you -- from your comments, it seems like you think ultimate defaults will be lower than that given that people are taking advantage of forbearance and stuff and then the cure rates will be higher. But it's more because of just you having to reserve at a higher -- at the level that reflects delinquencies, or is it also a reflection of your views on ultimate defaults?
François Morin: Yes. It's certainly more of the former. So right we do expect the reality given the forbearance programs that have been in place we expect a higher than normal flow of delinquencies to be reported to us. Some people are just taking advantage of the programs just to be safe and they'd rather just play safe and not take the risk of falling behind on their mortgage payments. So what we expect will happen, we haven't seen much of it yet but we do expect -- I mean, that will pick up in Q2 and Q3 is that we will have to -- we will receive these delinquencies. When we come to the end of Q2, we'll have to assess what kind of reserves, we'll set on those delinquencies. We'll make determinations on the probability that those will actually cure based on the information, we'll have in front of us at that time. It's too early today to tell you what that will look like. But certainly based on the fact that we expect just an elevated number of delinquencies to be reported to us that will just by nature trigger us. We will reserve for those delinquencies and we'll incur some losses. Whether those will translate into claims paid ultimately, we don't know. Time will tell, but that's really just how we think that the accounting will work at least in the year -- I mean, certainly for the next few quarters.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on business interruption you mentioned provisions in most of your contracts that actually exclude losses, because of pandemics or viruses. I'm assuming you're talking about primary contracts. On the reinsurance side, should we assume that if your clients are paying either, because there wasn't a provision or because they lose a case and then -- and a lawsuit then you would have to be on the hook to the extent you provided coverage as well?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think – yes, the comment had to do with insurance, which as you can appreciate the vast majority or more than the vast majority of what we do has an exclusion for viral -- it is a virus exclusion. On the reinsurance, it's still early, right? We still have to figure out what the BI losses are going to be if they come to fruition for our clients. And then they'll have to go through and say, whether there's protection on the risk or quota share or for that matter excess of loss on a cat basis. So this is going to play out over the next several quarters. A lot of contracts have hours clause for those kinds of events. There'll be a lot of discussions back and forth as to when do we start counting, how do we count them. So there's a lot more uncertainty and some other folks in the industry, I've echoed the same comments that it's going to be a little bit longer to figure out what it means, because in general, the contracts are not written to cater for those kinds of event. There's not a specific virus protection. It's really meant primarily to be a property coverage by and large from -- I'm talking from cat-excessive loss perspective. So people will have to sift through the language and see what it means to each and every one of them.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. And then just lastly on the acceleration of growth in your insurance and reinsurance premiums, how much of this is pricing versus you potentially gaining share or just increased demand for some of the lines that you're in?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. At a high level about 15%, 1-5 of the increase in premium came through acquisition. Barbican is definitely one of them. We also had acquired a team on credit and surety from Aspen towards the second half of last year. That's about 1-5, 15%. 25% is due to rate. The rate increase this quarter across our P&C was between 5% and 10%. So it's actually better than the fourth quarter of 2019, and the rest 60% is truly growth in exposure new business one-offs or unique situations or opportunities one of which François mentioned in his comments.
Jimmy Bhullar: Okay. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Sure. You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good afternoon. Sticking moving back to MI. Can we talk about capital requirements? Capital charges for loans and non-payment are usually materially higher than for performing loans. I know I saw it in the prepared remarks, you said that the PMIERs efficiency ratio is well in excess of 100%. Is the FEMA designation kicked in? It means that it will allow Arch and other MIs to potentially hold less capital, or just kind of how should we as investors think about the capital requirements and how that could play out over the next three to 12 months as nonperforming loan levels or deferred loan levels increase?
François Morin: Yes. I mean to answer your question, the answer is yes the -- it's actually in the wording in PMIERs that when there's a FEMA-designated zone, the capital requirements of -- for delinquencies are reduced by 70%. So -- and given that all 50 states have actually declared -- have been declared a FEMA disaster zone. Currently, we are adjusting at the end -- starting at the end of March and going forward, we're adjusting the PMIERs capital requirements to reflect that haircut I'd say on the capital charges for delinquent loans. There's a bit of a discussion going on with FHFA around how long that will be available. I think the industry and FHFA are working together on that and the GSEs to come up to clarify everything. I think there's a bit of some technicalities and maybe it wasn't I'd say perfectly considered or awarded in the wording of the PMIERs, but still we think that they'll -- we expect that the call it the haircut on the capital charges will remain in place until we're -- we have a bit more visibility on how some of those loans will cure and go back to performing.
Mike Zaremski: And just the final part François that you mentioned in terms of the clarification on how long, does that play into why Arch has decided to most likely not repurchase stock for the remaining of the year? I guess maybe this is a broader question. I -- it feels like prior to COVID, you guys were playing kind of more I'd call it offense than most carriers. Does COVID change the playbook? I know this is a broader question. And is the lack of MI earnings and maybe some of the clarification of capital kind of why you're not purchasing stock, when it's trading below book value?
François Morin: Yes. Well I'd flip it a little bit on you. I'd like to think we played a fair amount of offense in Q1 on the P&C side. So I think our view is that we -- again we said it before we like optionality. And the fact that we have a strong balance sheet, we want to keep it that way. We want to be able to take advantage of opportunities that may surface. So does COVID change the playbook? Not per se, but we think there will be probably a fair amount of disruption that's going to emerge in -- through the end of 2020 and maybe beyond. So that's really -- that's the Arch playbook and Marc can chime in, but that's really how we think about having the opportunity or the ability to execute on those opportunities.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Clearly, we had played the MI market. We still are in the market very involved. We were by and large a lot more allocation of capital to the MI always with the lookout as you guys know us, but it's something were to develop and get better on the other side and more the very important piece of what we do every day the P&C that we would shift and allocate more capital there. And I think as we look through the first quarter and the perspectives, we have business reviews with everyone and understanding and hearing even after COVID-19. Even though there might be a little bit of a dip in premium in the second and third quarter, it's clear that opportunities are there. And our first mission as François mentioned is to deploy capital. This is what I believe our shareholders want us to do is to deploy capital towards insurance underwriting. And I think we have an increased level of opportunities that wasn't there six months or nine months ago. So capital. And as I said, capital becomes very important as we go through the next year or so. So we'll be able to deploy it and make hopefully great returns for our shareholders.
Mike Zaremski: So I guess Marc what you would then -- we should continue to expect the non-MI operations to continue playing offense and growing at a fairly fast pace?
Marc Grandisson: Well right now based on what we see in terms and conditions and opportunities, the answer is, yes, we should expect that to happen. Absent as I said, the market getting a bit softer in terms of GDP, because of exposure stagnating for a while. But yes by and large, our focus is to play more offense on the P&C side both insurance and reinsurance.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Yaron, your line is open. Please shut the mute button. Our next question from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns. Your line is open.
Ron Bobman: Don't worry Yaron they will circle you back in I am sure. Thanks to hear you. And I hope everyone's well of course. I had a couple of questions. The mortgage business and the reinsurance purchases and in particular the Bellemeade notes. I'm wondering prospectively, do you think that the capacity will be there to sort of continue to be put in place? And is the game plan to sort of continue to as best you can buy sort of like-sized and like-structured protections for the mortgage book and in effect put that through into primary pricing on the mortgage book?
Marc Grandisson: So the first question is, I don't know when it's going to come back. We expect this to come back. I think there was a healthy market, a healthy level of interest before COVID-19. So we would expect that to come back when things gone back to some more normalcy of sort. But time is ahead of us. We don't know when that's going to happen. And if it were to come back, I guess the question will be an economic decision, right? If it does fit within our return and risk profile, we would continue doing those transactions the way we did. We might do more, we might do a bit less. So it will be depending on our view of the pricing and what kind of recovery we get from this. I do believe as a general rule that our risk management mantra is still important. We like to have some downside protection. And I think this proves very useful in these events of late that they would come in and play a big part in supporting us if things were to go a little bit worse than we would expect them to do so. So I would argue that there's definitely a price, at which things or conditions, at which things are a bit difficult to do but I would expect us to still do them within reason for this reason I just mentioned.
Ron Bobman: Thanks. I have a cat reinsurance, sort of, market question. Are there going to be a lot of instances -- in the context of COVID and losses and ceded losses, are there going to be a lot of instances where primaries have cat towers and cat protections that are peril-defined as being natural catastrophes, or is this a narrow peril listings in the reinsurance treaties that -- because the pandemic isn't I guess deemed or classified as a natural cat there would not be stated coverage in a reinsurance treaty?
Marc Grandisson: Yeah. I mean, just sorting the case. What I would add to this though Ron is you have followed the fortunes in many contracts on a quota share and risk excess. So -- and on natural perils, I don't think it's a majority of the coverage that are purchased right now. I think it's a little bit different. I think the -- it's also different in the U.S. versus international. But I think that we'll expect a lot of discussions, because I'm not sure it's as natural peril specific as you think it could be. It was a softer reinsurance market for a while. So when that happens, conditions tend to be a bit broader than one would expect.
Ron Bobman: Okay. Thanks a lot. Good luck, gentlemen. All the best.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Hopefully, you can hear me now?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, we can.
François Morin : Yes.
Yaron Kinar: Great. Good morning everybody. First question on MI. Have you been able to book the U.S. MI using a consistent methodology that was used by the rest of the MI book? What would the loss ratio look like this quarter?
François Morin: Well, I mean roughly speaking if we -- I mean if we extrapolate for the year for the -- we're saying the remainder of the year is going to be call it 100 combined ratio just to be on the safe. So if you annualize the minus 25% expense ratio ballpark, it gets you a 75% loss ratio plus or minus.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And maybe that also answers my next question, which was -- would the GAAP accounting basically make the results in the MI business progressively worse quarter-over-quarter, or do you expect it to be flattish in the breakeven range through the rest of the year?
François Morin: Very hard to know. I mean we -- I mean, it depends on how quickly the delinquencies are going to show up. If all the delinquencies show up in Q2 when they start right -- you could see a scenario where people missed their first mortgage payment on April 1. They missed their second payment on May 1. And along the way they told their servicer that they want to take advantage of the forbearance program, we could expect a significant amount of delinquencies to show up in Q2 not as much as Q3. It might be a flip-flop. People might try to keep making payments and call their servicer in July. I don't know. So it's very much a function of how quickly we think the delinquencies are going to show up that will dictate a bit more the volatility from quarter-to-quarter in 2020 on how the call it the calendar quarter loss ratios are going to look like.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, okay. And if I turn to insurance, can you maybe talk about the programs business how you'd expect that to perform both from top line and margin perspective in the face of COVID?
Marc Grandisson: Well, yeah, that's a good question. It's not really workers comp exposed. So that piece we can take off. It doesn't really have maturity of credit lines. The lines that we could think it's -- it would be exposed to is property. And almost the totality of all the policies exclude -- have a viral -- virus exclusion. So that should not be a significant contributor to the loss experience on the programs business.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you very much.
Marc Grandisson: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Phil Stefano: Yes. I was hoping you could give some commentary on your thoughts around the flow of new business for MI this year. How does this feel like purchase originations versus refi originations are going to shake out? And maybe within that you can embed a commentary around what you see with pricing. I guess in my mind the risk-based pricing and rates are -- would react in real time to the extent that there were changes in the economic environment. And this might be one of those instances where you could actually flex pricing up. Does it feel like we're starting to see that come through as the flow of business…
Marc Grandisson: Three questions in there. That's pretty cool. I'm trying to keep it up, so you tell me if I'm wrong on this one. The number one had to do with the origination going forward, right? So the -- what we can tell you is the industry, we don't know, but the industry consensus seems to be 20% less production this year. What that means for us and the market I mean we follow along. We have about one-third -- if you look at the MBA, 35% penetration of mortgage insurance, 45% private MI so you can follow through, so about 18% to 20% decrease, so if all else being equal, we should expect lesser production from that perspective. And you're right, I think we are still continuing -- we're continuing to see a lot of refinancing, although there's a glut and there's a lot of movement and a lot of things that are blocked actually at the origination of the mortgage originators, because there's so much demand for that, due to the historically very low mortgage rates. But we do actually see some purchasing happening. But I think it's going to be -- it's going to be probably more along the lines of the last -- rolling rate over the last three quarters. I think is what we should expect. So again, it's hard to tell if the purchase market is going to come back, in wild fashion. But certainly there is a lot of pent-up demand out there, which also helps the house price index. We believe the house prices are going to go down, not as much as you might think maybe in a single-digit percentage over this year because of all the pent-up demand, so, which talks to the purchasing market being still there, its not gone altogether. I think the article this morning in Wall Street Journal, that there's a lot of -- there's a good pricing sustained, as a result of higher demand for housing. That's the second part. The third part which was about the pricing, of course right we look at -- I mean, the things have changed. We look at things in a different light with the risk -- different risk characteristics. We went through more than once through our portfolio, on our risk-based pricing and our various assumptions and parameters. And we're making adjustments, as we see it appropriate, across the industry. I do want to think that the MI industry sees it as a, hey! There's a bit more risk. There's a bit more losses. So maybe we should do something about it. And I do expect them to follow suit in general. We do have indication that people are -- have increased their expected loss in their pricing.
Phil Stefano: When we think about the expected returns that you're seeing in MI, have they changed materially? And maybe insurance is a better place or a better lever to be exercising at this point to put capital to use, can you just -- any thoughts around that?
Marc Grandisson: No. It's very, very well put. I think this is exactly -- I mean, I think, two years ago, I would have said to you that, except for a few spots on the -- on P&C insurance and reinsurance that, the MI provided by far superior return. So when we rank order things, François and I go through it. And our executive team go through it. We rank order the three businesses, the investment, in repurchasing shares MI was up there. And it has been there for quite a while. And I think, it's -- our loss expectation is probably not as low. It's probably modified somewhat. So, depending on the pricing going forward, we'll see how that falls out. But clearly, the returns from the P&C unit has been inflating and then, putting them higher in the positioning -- the relative positioning for capital allocation, without a doubt.
Phil Stefano: Got it. Thank you. And be well.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
François Morin: You too, thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great thanks. I do feel like I'm beating a dead horse here. But does your first quarter COVID reserve, in P&C, does that assume that FDA policy requires direct physical damage but doesn't have a virus occlusion? Does that assume that, that's an absolute Defense?
François Morin: Well, I'll start. And I'm sure Marc will chime in. As you know it's – again, we said it's very early, but where we have taken some books and reserves on -- particularly I mean on property right is there are certainly a very small subset of our policies that, don't have an exclusion. So, for those we felt it's prudent to -- we expect losses to come through and we booked the ID&R to go against those policies. And those are generally outside of the U.S. I mean they are outside of the U.S. So, it's in the U.K., it's in Canada, on the insurance side. And we also have a small amount in some property fact deals that may specifically cover pandemic. And we expect that some of these -- some of the certificates will have to respond. So, it's a bit -- mostly in insurance a little bit in reinsurance. But that's where we -- that's kind of how we thought about booking the reserves on BI. Yes, I mean in the U.S. no question that you need property damage to have the BI respond. That's a fact. Yeah. There’s a proposal out there that people want to make it retroactive and challenge that. We'll see how far -- how that goes, but for the time being we don't have reserves on those. We don't think it's correct. We want to think, its right. So we've relied on the policy wording to make our assessments of reserves on those policies.
Marc Grandisson: And the other piece I would add to this, François is that, there are other lines of business Meyer we have these three data that we can point to and say this is what we think we would expect this to develop to. And one example is trade credit. We have a small portfolio but we did actually do proactively, reflect the fact that we might -- we're expecting an increased level of claims for the -- based on what we write this year. So that's something that we pick our loss ratio, specifically. So most of them on the property side I agree absolutely, what François said we did more granularly at a level the claims level the portfolio level. And I think we've taken a loss ratio approach to the other lines of business where we've seen historically losses emerge as a result of events, such as this one.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's very helpful. The second related question, I'm just trying getting my arms around, what sort of events would constitute second quarter COVID-related P&C losses.
François Morin: I think the development of BI losses will – firstly, we have to go through the insurance business, the insurance companies telling their losses evaluating every claim. I mean this is not an easy thing to do from a 30,000 feet position. Meyer you have to go through the claims process evaluates things talk to clients’ brokers and whatnot. So, it's going to take a while before things get sorted out. A couple of things on presumption of workers comp, coverage that's also part of that. I think -- it was lot of things developing. So, I'm not even sure second quarter, we're going to have the ultimate picture. That's for sure. It's going to take a bit longer to go through all these losses, how they accumulate. And also in line with the question I just had earlier, in how it -- if it does, and how and if it does accumulate towards a reinsurance recovery. So that also might happen towards the end of this year. So this is going to take a little while to sort out. And that's not even talking about potential litigation and whatever else could happen out there. So it's going to be a while.
Marc Grandisson: This is going to be a slow developing cat loss.
Meyer Shields: Absolutely. Thank you so much guys. That’s very helpful. 
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Meyer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thanks. So one or two quick questions here. First, Marc, can you tell us, what is the status of the Coface investment? And if indeed, the transaction goes through, should we anticipate some type of impairment charge on close, given where Coface stock is relative to your agreed investment?
Marc Grandisson: So, everything is a lot too early at this point in time, right? They themselves are going through evaluating and looking at this and our -- as you know, we made that investment with a long-term strategic vision. We also know that they are -- they have been proactive in many things. And we also know that the credit -- that the credit quality of what they had underwritten through the end of last year was -- is also different as well than what it was in 2008. So we're trying to triangulate all these things. We still have a lot of process to go through from a regulatory perspective. We expect to receive this towards the end of the year. So that's all I'm going to say about Coface, is we are sort of monitoring staying close to it and see what we're going to do about it if we do anything about it.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then my second one, just going back to the MI. If I think about the lawsuits you guys are seeing, potentially for the rest of this year that you're going to have. What does that mean for 2021, as far as the MI results? How far are we into the deductible on the Bellemeade transactions? How much additional could there potentially be in 2021?
François Morin: Well, again, it's very premature. I think the answer to that question, again, will very much depend on the level of delinquencies and how quickly they get -- come to us. And now we see the economy going back, opening up a little bit. So the people will go back to work. And by fourth quarter of 2020, we see already some people carrying -- going back to having current loans, et cetera. But, yes, I would think that a reasonable expectation for 2021 is that, yes, we should do better than 2020. The loss ratio should be coming down. I don't think to the level it was in 2019, but as -- because let's -- we would think that no question that some people will -- there'll be some jobs lost and there may be some actual claims that actually convert to actually -- or delinquencies that convert to real claims and pay claims, that may be late in 2021, as you know, with a 12-month forbearance program and then the time to really go through all the process, to go to -- to paying the claim will take quite some time. So, I would -- at a high level, I would think that, the 2021 loss ratio would be better or lower than 2020, but not at the same level as low as it has been in -- as it was in 2019, for sure.
Brian Meredith: Got you. That makes sense. And so I think what I'm trying to do is, just scale this like, how much additional loss could we potentially have here in the MI book before you hit the Bellemeade deductibles, right? Just what's kind of a worst-case there?
François Morin: Well, let me try this and maybe Marc will chime in. We've looked at a bunch of -- a variety of economic scenarios. Some are based on our own internal analysis, like the RDS stress test that we run through our portfolio. Some are based on external economic scenarios, such as the Moody's -- what's published by Moody's, the severe -- the S3 and S4 economic scenario. And under most scenarios, again, we don't expect to -- we get close, but we don't expect to attach with the Bellemeade transactions. And those are in particular like the S4, where we get very close. We might start attaching a few years down the road, but it's -- those are severe stresses. So, how we think about it is, does it even impact 2021? The answer is probably not. It probably starts to really -- we really start to recover a few years down the road. And, I mean, to us, it's a -- I don't want to say necessarily sleep-at-night insurance or coverage, but it's really, there to say, we think we've run some very severe stresses. They don't seem to attach with the Bellemeade, but we're often -- they get to be worse -- a little bit worse than what we're thinking, what the scenarios could look like. We tell ourselves, well, we got $3 billion of coverage that is available to us, if things get much worse.
Marc Grandisson: At a very high level, Brian, if you think of the Bellemeade retention and we talk about this amongst ourselves is that, we have about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion of retention. So that sort of gives you a sense for how many -- how much losses we would need to go through to start to get some recovery. So that -- I think, that should give you $1 billion a year premium earned. So that gives you some kind of benchmark. I think we're trying to figure a way -- we'll talk to Don, obviously, and François. We'll try to find a way to make it a bit more clear to everyone, because it's not an easy thing to explain. But, I think, at a high level, what we just said to you is true, that the level of retention is high enough that we don't expect it in the next couple of years. Yes.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. Good morning. Just to continue with the MI discussion. As you're contemplating within the guidance of no earnings for the balance of the year, are you assuming a case average per reserve similar to what you've been reserving at, or something more similar to the -- like, after hurricanes or something of that nature?
Marc Grandisson: We're just assuming -- we apply a forbearance rate and then we apply conversion from forbearance to claims that we would do. And the severity is pretty close to 100% on most of those cases. So it's really more binary than you might think it is. So there's not much -- I mean the two big variables are really the forbearance and our view of the conversion from forbearance to claim, ultimately, which is very uncertain at that point in time.
Mark Dwelle: Within that, then, are these being evaluated on literally a case-by-case basis, or is it the -- or are you applying just, sort of, a formula to all of the losses that whatever some particular bank presents you over some period of time?
François Morin: Well, I think, it's a bit early to know exactly how everything is going to play out. I mean no question that -- as I said earlier we're -- we expect more delinquencies to come through. No question that we would expect a higher cure rate on those than we would see from a typical delinquency in a call it normal economic environment. So -- but we don't know yet how we're going to book our reserves at the end of the second quarter and let alone third and fourth quarter. So the answer is yes, probably I mean if you compare a regular delinquency to what we're -- we expect the delinquencies we get through forbearance programs there's no question that there's a higher cure rate. And then associated with that the severity et cetera. So I mean it's the product of those gives you the total incurred loss in the quarter. But it's – if we will look at them a bit differently for sure than we would otherwise in a call it a regular quarter.
Marc Grandisson: But -- Mark just to make sure it's clear to you because you did ask specifically how do we develop our scenario. And we have -- we do go at the individual loan level with the risk characteristics and applying assumptions and shock on the unemployment and whatever else you have around house price index. And we go through the lifetime of that loan and see what's going to result. You can think of it as the ladders series -- series of ladders going forward decision tree of sort. And then at the end we come up with the ultimate projection of the claims based on the assumption that we had. So that was a bottom-up approach we did. And we verified this at least try to get some perspective from a top-down approach which François mentioned the Moody's S3 and S4. So -- and those seem to converge very nicely and by coincidence I would add to a similar number for ultimate claims.
Mark Dwelle: And then just the last question and again this is another, sort of process question. But I mean, suppose I'm an individual and I default beginning in April and May as François described before. And then I get recorded as a delinquency in forbearance, let's say, sometime in June. And I take advantage of the 6 month requirement. You'll put up some type of reserve for me in probably the second quarter. Will you be able to release that reserve back then as quickly as, let's say, October which would be the end of the 6 months, which would then provide offset against any additional adds that you would otherwise be taking in say the fourth quarter for people who are newly delinquent or further delinquent?
François Morin: Correct. I mean, if the borrower cures and I think there's a little bit of work that has to be done exactly on how borrowers are going to exit the program. I mean, initially there's I wouldn't say confusion, but people thought well they have to make a balloon payment, do I just defer my payments et cetera. I think the government is stepping in to make sure that there is no -- I mean the expectations are clear on both sides. But correct if somebody after six months in October or November December they -- everybody's back. I mean for that particular borrower, they're back to work and they go back to current and they strike a -- they reach an agreement with their borrower to just effectively, let's say, they missed four or five payments and they agreed to just add those on at the end of their mortgage period they would -- whatever reserves we had put up on that particular loan would get eliminated reduced to zero and they would be available if we think there's new coming in that we -- yes so it's a reduction…
Mark Dwelle: Just to clarify second and third quarter, you would think of kind of as reserve accumulation and then beginning in perhaps the fourth quarter, you would start to see offsets develop assuming people follow that type of a pattern.
François Morin: Assuming – yes, but again what we don't know yet is everybody or is the vast majority of people are going to use the forbearance programs in Q2 or are they going to try to make a couple of payments and then -- maybe there'll be more in Q2 and -- Q3 and Q4. I mean the timing of it is uncertain. But assuming -- I think which is what -- I mean, assuming, I think what you were assuming is for somebody who starts on the forbearance program earlier and then let's say it's just temporary where they do go back to work and they go back to current. They cure their delinquency in the fourth quarter, correct. I mean there would be -- we would be see -- potentially see a reversal of the accumulation of reserves that we saw in Q2 and Q3.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So Mark, I would add to this to be cautious -- to be very cautious when we compare the development of the GSEs versus now again having more of a front-loading of reported delinquencies that could -- from there to your point go plus or minus, but a lot more front-loading of delinquencies recognized at the beginning than it was in 2007 and 2008 where it took a while for the claim -- took like two, three years for real delinquencies to really pick up and peak. So it takes a while to get there. I don't think we're going to see that this time around. I think we should expect more of a front-loading, which means a little bit more activity from a loss perspective in the first -- in the next couple of quarters.
Mark Dwelle: Understood. Thank you. Very helpful
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoff Dunn with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open. 
Geoff Dunn: Thanks. Good morning. 
Marc Grandisson: Good morning, Geoff.
Geoff Dunn: First a technical question on PMIERs. Are forbearance loans treated the same way from an aging standpoint meaning that you'll get that asset charge progression as well, or is it just that initial point in time asset charge? It seems there's kind of confusing interpretations out there on that front.
François Morin: Sorry, Geoff I -- we couldn't quite hear. I mean you're not coming through very loudly so.
Geoff Dunn: Is that any better? 
François Morin: A little bit.
Marc Grandisson: Little bit.
Geoff Dunn: What I was asking is are forbearance loans subject to the aging asset charges on the PMIERs or are they just held at a point in time that initial charge? It seems like some of the language out there has been confusing and up to interpretation.
Marc Grandisson: Yes true. I think that it's unchartered territories as well for the GSEs. I think there are a lot of discussions between the MIs and the GSEs and the FHFA to try to figure out. So I don't have an answer to this one Geoff.
Geoff Dunn: Okay. And then I'm still trying to piece together your underwriting outlook for the remainder of the year. It sounds clear that incidents assumptions will be below a normalized level because of the potential for cure activity. And it seems like the implication is that your forbearance expectation is a lot higher than the near 6% number we've seen from April 26. It's not maybe two or three times that if I'm looking at the math right. So obviously, you have a cumulative loss expectation for the year maybe not all the pieces that generated. But what are some of the higher level assumptions that get you to that kind of level of loss activity whether it be unemployment home – what are some of your macro assumptions that support the cumulative loss outlook for the remainder of the year?
Marc Grandisson: Yes I think – yes that's a good question. I think you were right on the forbearance comment. I don't think – we don't think it's going to 5% or 6%. I think if you ask us we're – our modeling is pretty much like 15%. That's sort of what we would expect forbearance to peak at. And then the question remains to your point about the conversion which is the one that is so hard as you know to pin down. But we can use something between one in seven to one in 10. There's no real reason to that other than it seems to be in the ballpark of what we would expect. If we look at the current annuities or the current delinquencies as you know Geoff, the ultimate claims rate that we ascribed as an industry is closer to 7% or 8%. So to go to a 14% or 15% does not seem too crazy right now. The biggest one – so we – the sort of what we use I think if you look at the S3 that's sort of where our assumption sort of would converge to, if you will. You all know that model. So this is pretty much where we are. I think the biggest thing that we'll have to debate for the next several quarters is how do we convert from forbearance to claim. That's going to be as you know the biggest question mark that we'll have to go through.
Geoff Dunn: I'm sorry. And are you suggesting the – you said 14% or 15%, are you suggesting that the incident assumption will be higher than normal or lower than normal?
Marc Grandisson: I'm sorry I can't hear you. Can you repeat it please, Geoff?
Geoff Dunn: Are you suggesting that the incident assumption will be higher than normal or lower than normal? You're saying 14%...
Marc Grandisson: Higher, higher than normal. If normal is 7% of one in 14, right now one in 13 on new delinquencies, I would expect it to be one in seven or one in six, one in eight. That's what sort of what the model implies. I'm not saying this is what's going to happen but you're asking about the parameters of the deal and this is what – of the modeling.
Geoff Dunn: Okay. Well, all right. And then my last question has to do with your reinsurance strategy. Obviously, the ILN market is hot right now. Does that create any interest with the company of looking at a traditional QSR to supplement your ILN strategy longer term?
Marc Grandisson: We haven't really looked at it.
François Morin: I mean we have – I mean everything is on the table, right? I mean, it's all based on the economics. No question that in the last couple of years to us the Bellemeade transactions were very efficient, provide a lot of capital relief and we thought it was a good protection to get for a variety of reasons. Again we expect them to come back but assuming that they're not back for let's say the end of the – until the end of the year or maybe beyond, no question that we will probably think of other ways to protect the portfolio. And a traditional reinsurance agreement is something that would be on the table for sure.
Geoff Dunn: Okay. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Geoff, I think you've asked about MSRs as well. So I think we're starting to evaluate all these things. Nothing is -- but everything again is on the table. We're looking at everything.
François Morin: Goeff, said QSR, right?
Marc Grandisson: I mean is that correct, Geoff? I mean I heard QSR. Did we answer your question Geoff? I just want to make sure we answered it correctly.
Geoff Dunn: You did. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Okay, great.
François Morin: Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. So yeah, I guess I'm trying to unpack that the answer to the last question on the forbearance to claims rate being higher than -- if I heard that correctly, your modeling that gets to breakeven is assuming that that's actually higher than, say, a random notice that you have received in December.
François Morin: Yes. That's true.
Marc Grandisson: This is the model. You're stress testing it while you stress -- you're pushing for the scenarios, because it's so uncertain. But who knows, right? It's an opinion.
Ryan Tunis: Right. It's certainly not quite how I think most people are thinking about it. But yeah, that does sound somewhat conservative. And I guess in terms of thinking about the rest of the year, like one thing I noticed that gave you [Indiscernible] is you've got these three buckets like -- I think, it's like three or four months delinquent and it's I think five to 11 months and 12 plus. Is there expected pressure as these delinquencies age? Like is there -- like do you kind of recondition what the expected loss might be? Is that potentially a source of pressure later on in the year?
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's not a high number of claims, so that's not a massive amount. We have about $250 million of reserves or something like this. And François will correct me, if I'm wrong on this one. But I do believe that there is -- a lot of them also are older vintage so have been in and out of delinquency. Some of them are coming back in and out of cure. So, we're -- if there is pressure going forward, typically it will impact not only the more recent bookings. It will -- it would impact all prior book years that you have. And specifically, those are currently in delinquency, because it does -- they may not be the ones that can avail themselves of the forbearance program. They may have been in default before that event occurred. And they might be in a worse position than most borrowers, if they're currently -- they were delinquent at the end of 2019. So, yes, it would tend to ascribe a higher possible incidents to those claims.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then, I guess the last one is kind of housekeeping. But on the premium yield number, first of all, how much was that helped this quarter by any of the single premium stuff? And then, has the outlook for that changed at all just given the -- I guess elevated refinancing activity? I'm not sure the composition of book changes.
Marc Grandisson: It felt about 10% to 15% of premium for the quarter, because of the refinancing.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Welcome.
François Morin: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much everyone. Stay safe out there. We're looking forward to have more to report and talk about at the second quarter. In the meantime be good. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2019 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the Company gets starts with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the Company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the Company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company's earnings press release and is available in the Company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you. Arch completed 2019 on strong footing as the mortgage insurance market remains healthy and our property and casualty operations are well positioned for the pricing improvements taking place in many areas of the market. Our operating income produced an annualized return on common equity of 11.7% for the fourth quarter and 12% for the full year while book value per share grew 3.2% for the quarter and nearly 23% for the year. While property and casualty rates are increasing in several lines of business, we believe the market remains in a transitioning phase between soft and harder conditions. Given the uncertainty of current claim trends, we believe our industry needs further rate increases to provide a more clear risk reward propositions. In this transitional environment, risk selection and thoughtful capital allocation remain critical to generating superior returns. As we discussed last quarter, strengthening market conditions are evident to us from both the rise in our submission activity and our ability to achieve significant rate increases. This location is ongoing at some industry participants de-risk by tightening underwriting standards and by actively managing down their exposures. We believe that these conditions are likely to continue in the foreseeable future due to the continuing uncertainty regarding losses from the recent soft policy years. While there are some lines of business where the rise and loss costs can be tied to social inflation, in our review, a large component of the stress on the P&C industry's performance is due to prolong soft market conditions and optimistic loss picks over the last 3 to 4 policy years. But reported capital levels are still high, combined ratios are still below 100. Therefore, the duration of the transition or hardening market is unpredictable. Within our insurance segments, conditions for growth improve throughout the year, as indicated by 29% growth in our fourth quarter 2019 net written premiums. About one quarter of our premium growth came from recent acquisitions, while 50% was created organically through new opportunities and the rest coming from rate improvements. Following three years of elevated property losses in both the U.S. and internationally, property rate increases particularly E&S risks in cat exposed area in the U.S. are up more than 25%. We have also seen rate increases ranging from 10% to 20% in large commercial general liability and public company D&O policies. But as we discussed previously, rates are not rising in all lines and in some areas rates are not rising enough. Switching now to our reinsurance business, pricing in that segment tends to follow primary insurance and we have observed some signs of discipline returning to the reinsurance market. In our facultative reinsurance business, we are seeing increasing submission levels and much improved pricing. Fac reinsurance has been a leading indicator of three market conditions historically and we liked the positive signal fac is giving us at this point. On the treaty side, we are beginning to see modest improvements in terms and conditions including declines in ceding commissions ranging from 1 to 3 percentage points. Ceding commissions remain elevated however and are 500 bps above the level seen in the last hard market. Focusing on the January 1st reinsurance renewals for a minute, rate increases in what is primarily a property cap reinsurance renewal period created a few opportunities for our reinsurance group, but we remain underweight cap risk. As a reminder, our self-imposed internal risk limitation is 25% of equity capital. At this point, our 1 and 2.50-year P&L stand up only 6% of equity capital. Turning now to our mortgage insurance segment, Arch MI continues to perform well. As I mentioned earlier, the operating environment is characterized by strong credit quality and a healthy housing environment. In addition, lower interest rates led to strong new mortgage originations in the quarter. Accordingly, our new insurance written at Arch MI U.S. was strong at roughly 24 billion in the quarter. Overall, our U.S. insurance in force was 287 billion at quarter end and the underwriting quality of recent originations remained very high. On a macro basis, lower interest rates and high employment have made housing more affordable. At the same time, demographic forces in the U.S. are creating a tailwind as millennials move into their prime household formation years. Lower interest rates also led to greater refinancing activity in a quarter which explains the decline in our persistency rate in the fourth quarter down to 76%. From a historical perspective, this level remains high and along with good mortgage origination activity, supported growth in our insurance enforce in the quarter. With respect to our investment operations, interest rates have returned to historically low levels as in our underwriting approach, we have maintained our focus on risk adjusted total return which contributed to our growth in book value per share in this quarter and the year. In summary, Arch is positioned following years or deemphasizing the most commoditized and soft business lines in property casualty market is favorable. We have the human and financial capital to grow should the market continue its favorable trajectory into 2020. And with that, I'll hand over the call to Francois.
François Morin: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to all. Before I give you some comments and observations on our results for the fourth quarter, I wanted to remind you that consistent with prior practice, these comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results executing the other segments, i.e. the operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings, the term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $308.4 million, which translates to an annualized 11.7% operating return on average common equity and $0.74 per share. Book value per share grew to $26.42 at December 31st, a 3.2% increase from last quarter and a 22.8% increase from one year ago. This result reflects the effective strong contributions from both our underwriting and investment operations. Starting with underwriting results, losses from 2019 catastrophic events in the quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $30.4 million or 2.2 combined ratio points, compared to 9.7 combined ratio points in the fourth quarter of 2018. These losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and were primarily due to typhoon Hagibis and a series of smaller events. As for prior period net loss reserves development, we recognized $54.7 million of favorable developments in the fourth quarter, net of related adjustments, or 4.0 combined ratio points, compared to 6.1 combined ratio points in the fourth quarter of 2018. All three of our segments experienced favorable developments at $2.8 million, $19.1 million and $32.8 million for the insurance, reinsurance and mortgage segments respectively. We had solid net written premium growth in the insurance segment of 28.7% over the same quarter one year ago. The insurance segments accident quarter combined ratio excluding cabs was 101.6% higher by 330 basis points from the same period one year ago. Approximately 220 basis points of the difference is due to an elevated level of large attritional claims in the quarter, primarily from our surety units, which can experience some volatility from quarter-to-quarter. The balance is primarily due to a higher expense ratio, driven by the investments we are making in the business and the integration of our UK regional book and other smaller acquisitions. Now moving onto our reinsurance operations where we had a relatively stable quarter. Net premium growth was at 4.3% from the same quarter one year ago, and the accident quarter combined ratio excluding caps stood at 92.3% compared to 96.2% on the same basis one year ago. The different is mostly attributable to the presence of a large attritional casualty loss arising from the California wildfires in the same quarter one year ago. Our expense ratio remained essentially unchanged at 26.9%. The mortgage segments accident quarter combined ratio improved by 200 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year, as a result of the continued strong underlying performance of the book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. The calendar quarter loss ratio of 0.9% is lowered by 120 basis points than the result recorded in the same quarter one year ago, mostly as a result of better than expected claim experience. The benefit of the loss ratio from current year favorable development was 510 basis points in addition to the 940 basis points related to prior years. The expense ratio was 20.7% consistent within the results in the same period one year ago. Total investment return for the quarter was a positive 177 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis as our high quality portfolio continue to perform well. For the 12-month period, our portfolio returns 7.3% an excellent result driven by particularly strong returns across our fixed income and equity investments. The duration of our investment portfolio December 31st, was down slightly to 3.40 years from 3.64 years at September 30th, it was overweight relative to our target allocation, as we continue to expect a lower for longer global interest rate environment. The corporate effective tax rate in the quarter on pre-tax operating income was 6.9% and reflects the geography mix of our pre-tax income and a 30 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. The 2019 fourth quarter effective tax rate on operating income includes an adjustment to interim period taxes recorded at an annualized rate. This adjustments increase the Company's after tax results on pre-tax operating income available to Arch common shareholders by 12.4 million or $0.03 per share. As always, the effective tax rates could vary depending on the level and location of loss or income and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. Joining briefly to risk management with the recent improvements in catastrophe pricing, we have increased our natural cap PML to 612 million as of January 1, which at slightly more than 6% of tangible common equity on the net basis remains well below our internal limits at the single event 1 and 2.50-year return levels. This change demonstrates our ability to deploy incrementally more capital in an improving market to opportunities that offer adequate returns on an expected basis. In our mortgage segments, as mentioned on our prior earnings call, we completed our 10th Bellemeade transaction in the fourth quarter, with covers of 577 million. As of year-end 2019, the enforced Bellemeade structures provide aggregate reinsurance coverage of approximately 3.3 billion. With respect to capital management, we did not repurchase shares this quarter. Our remaining authorization which expires in December 2021 stood at 1 billion at December 31st. Our debt to total capital ratio stood at 13.1% at quarter end and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 19%, down 350 basis points from year-end 2018. Finally, as you know, we closed on the Barbican acquisition in November of last year. The integration of their platform is well underway. For the 2020 calendar year, we expect to incur approximately 65 million of intangible amortization across all acquisitions we have made prior to December 31, 2019. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: So my first question just goes to growth in the insurance segment, if I heard your comments correctly, it sounds like you're so lukewarm in terms of the market opportunities and the rate environment and rate adequacy. And yet, I think even excluding the acquisitions, you grew at a good 20% clip or so. I guess where are you seeing the opportunities? And if you were to become more constructive on market conditions, where do you see that growth of gapping?
Marc Grandisson: The first part is, I think, we're lukewarm in the sense of saying, it is a full on hard markets. We just want to impress upon everyone that, when the early stages that really changes then we don't know how long that's going to last. And I also make comments about the fact of the industry has an all time capital high, and still printing very reasonable combined ratio numbers. So I just want to make the point that it's not across all lines of business. Having said this, there is a growth, as you see us experience and go through for the year and certainly in the fourth quarter are even the areas where market coming back to our pricing levels and return expectations. So, we had deemphasized those lines of business for quite a while actually as a softer year. We're eating into our on production. And I think of late, we've seen a resurgence of submissions, and we're able to hit and get our pricing and return. So in the areas where we're growing, I would say that it is definitely an improving market and improving such that we believe we're clearing some of the lost trend or loss cost trend concerns that one may have. So, I also want to remind that we had not grown as much as the market would have, probably would have indicated over the last year. So, this is hyper -- no, this is good group on a lower number. For instance on the D&O side, our premium written was about half of what it was last year versus five years ago. So, you don't need much of an increase to really make a dent in the overall price increase. And the second question is. We can grow a lot. And as we saw, you asked, Yaron, whether we can grow based on the conditions. If conditions continue on and we're seeing right now still getting something very, very good, I think we can still grow a fair amount. I think we have been -- our guys, our people have been very busy even in those softer years, but I do believe that we have extra capacity and an appetite to write more, quite a bit more, if it happens. How much will depend and be dictated like overall rate level in 2020.
Yaron Kinar: It sounds like that premium growth could accelerate in the right market conditions.
Marc Grandisson: That is a fair statement.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And do you have any sense where you're booking the current, the new business coming on relative to the overall portfolio in insurance, like with the adequacy of returns there is?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, so we haven't changed much of a lost pick. Now, I want to put things in perspective as well is that, the rate changes that have taken place that we're talking about really started to be, we believe enough above the lost cost trend since the middle of 2019. So, it's a bit early and premature to make any changes to your booking of loss ratio. You look at on an accident year basis. Plus, things could develop on historic, history, all the action years prior to 2019. So, it's premature to make any comment and to lost pick as we speak. Frankly, lost pick, if they ought to improve and we believe everything else being equal, they should improve over the next couple of years. They will take 6 or 7 quarters to really see good tractions and see some movement there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jimmy Bhullar from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Jimmy Bhullar: First, I just had a question on the tax rate. It improved the lost '18 to '19 and I think it was lower than what you had expected as well. What's driven that? Is it just the geographic make ups of income? And what's your expectation or sort of likely range for 2020?
François Morin: Well, yes, a couple of points here. I think, it was a bit lower than what we had, I guess, given as a range earlier in 2019. There was a couple of discrete items that played out throughout the year, which helped out in terms of publishing the final tax rates. So when I just -- I took some of those, I look back and without these adjustments which is really how we think about when we give you a range, the 2018 tax rate was 11.2. This year, it was 10.9. So, very close. Ultimately, we had some additional benefits that brought it down to 10.4 for the year. So, yes, I mean, as you know, tax rate is very much a -- it's hard to have a lot of precision on the tax rate because we just don't know where the losses are going to be before they happen. So whether there's a gap favorable or unfavorable developments on prior year was et cetera. So looking at 2020, I'd say, we're very comfortable saying that we're going to probably be in the same range, maybe, if you want to expand, maybe to try to make sure we're in the range, maybe 10 to 14. Last year, we had 11 to 14, so, maybe there's potentially could be a bit lower, but I think it's a bit early again, I mean they were early days of 2020 and hopefully that that's enough for you to update the models.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then on the MI business, obviously, your overall margins have been very strong and same goes for peers as well. And a lot of that strong results on the legacy block, but if you look at new business ROE, are those in the sort of double-digit range? Or is this more sort of a single-digit ROE type business in terms of new sales? And I realized, it will take a while for your overall leadership towards your business ROE.
François Morin: I am almost choked out now. We're solidly well in the double-digit returns still in the market. It's still very good quality. I would even argue to the risk of the later, last half of the year, actually improved so much for the industry, not only for us. And I think that has to do with Fannie and Freddie so putting bit more constraints on the risk layering in the business, so no, still very, very healthy returns, very healthy.
Jimmy Bhullar: And then just lastly on any comments on the 1-1 renewals and specifically what they better worse than your expectations? And anything, any sort of views on the sort of upcoming 4-1 renewals in midyear?
François Morin: The 1-1 renewals were in continuation might you have some rate increase in the third quarter, broadly in industry. Fourth quarter was a bit better. The first quarter lined up to be, yet better yet, so yes, better rate environment at 1-1 clearly for the first quarter. We don't know what it means for 4-1. I am done prognosticating what the future will hold. It's the low of supply demand and perception of relative risk is a market based thing. So, sometimes, I think markets should go up and if it doesn't and sometimes it goes on, it's all over the place. So, it's too early to tell where 4-1 and 7-1 will end up, but clearly if the momentum that 1-1 continues, no, it's going to be -- it's an improving market, clearly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. You line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is, I guess on 1-1 a little bit. We've heard about the retrocessional market being pretty strong this year. Has Arch written more of that business? And just how did you observe on what went on in the retro market at 1-1? Is that a sign of potentially better things to come? Or would you think it would be for some of the 4-1 and 6-1 renewals?
François Morin: Yes, I mean, you see that a little bit in our cap P&L. They went up in large portion because of additional retro business that we wrote that I would say was very much opportunistic. So whether that sticks and whether that means tells us something about 4-1s or 6-1s, we just don't know. But for sure, we saw some definite, some good opportunities in the specifically in the retro space at 1-1 that we were happy capital to be able to deploy and take advantage of the opportunities.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, with the insurance book, I know you guys in the past have talking about that expense ratio being elevated just due to the accounting and earn in from some of the more recent deals you have done. I'm assuming that there was still somewhat of an impact on that in the fourth quarter. And can you just kind of give us a sense to think about, if you have far between coming on how we should think about the expense ratio within the insurance book in 2020?
François Morin: So, as I said in my remarks, I think the expense ratio was roughly call it, a 130 bps or so was, in this quarter was the result of the effectively bringing on online, the UK regional book. So, we're now a year into it. So everything else being equal 2020, we should see the premium being earned out and the expense ratio coming down. The new twist is Barbican and as Lloyd market in particular has a slightly higher elevated expense ratio, which we think is. There's an offsetting benefits and the loss ratio, but I mean, to give you a bit of directionally a bit more we think it's only 2020 expense ratio is going to be pressures, we think it should be right around where it was for 2019. It's not going to improve materially, I don't think it's going to get worse, because we're going to see some benefits, but I think it should be about at the same level.
Elyse Greenspan: And then lastly on the insurance pricing, Marc, you seem to be pretty positive especially relative to where your comments have been for most of 2019. And it's a developing market and I guess every market seems to be different and no capital, obviously, a lot more robust. And if you don't back past up turns. Is there any running market, like, if you think back to or just history? Does this compared to the early 2000s, this compared to kind of 2013? Is there a market that this feels similar to when we can kind of think about pricing improvement? Or does it feel because of the social inflation issue may be different than any of these past markets?
Marc Grandisson: It's different in terms of the health of the industry and the combined ratio as I mentioned us for sure. So that makes it a very unique opportunity. But I do believe we have major players pulling capacity out. So even though it's printed capacity, effectively used capacity is definitely lower. In the overall market specifically in the larger risk and some of the players and we've talking about them being clearly one of them. I think I would tend to think it looks as field -- and more of the 2005 after Katrina, Rita and Wilma because capital were still plenty, people pay that claims, a couple of companies have some issues but by and large, the pricing went up and this was larger as a result of perceived risk. And I think this is what's going on. I think people as an industry, this uncertainty about around socialization is creating a lot of uneasiness and pushes us to want to charge more to make sure we cover as much of the eventuality as we can. So that's sort of what I would say the proceeds. The heightened risk perceived is higher, it's not a bankruptcy driven, reinsurance driven, necessarily market term. So, it's a blend of a few of those. It's hard every month, I guess you live and learn and experience new things as you go. But that's what I would summarize it to be.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: First question on U.S. MI, one of your competitors this morning spoke to decline in -- expected decline in premium yields in 2020. Any color there whether you expect similar dynamic given on pricing on a new business might be a little tighter versus using risk-based pricing?
Marc Grandisson: I think that the phenomenon that's going on as a result of refinancing, clearly points you to our lower price and lower premium rate and that's because the risk is less. A lot of the refinancing we saw in the last two quarters and accelerated in the fourth quarter is people sort of refinancing because the interest rates are just that much better and it makes sense for them to refinance. By doing so, the LTV that was originally put on a book of business, two or three years ago, is actually lower, which is lowering the risk. And everything else being equal, it also has a knock on effect on the DTI right on the debt-to-service, to income servicing and improves them as well. So that risk that you -- the same people, same house, same environment, but -- and there's also there was also some house price appreciation. So you get all these things going on. This is a not as risky proposition now as I just said it was two or three years ago. So would lend itself to the pricing should be indicate the lower pricing because of all these various moving parts. But it doesn't either return does change. And that's really the key that we want to share with you guys, is top-line in MI I is really, really hard to pin down or singles as cancellations. And it's very hard to see how it all evolved. But in the what we care about and what we've seen is a return characteristics and the things that will be financed which one could say is underlying as somewhat decrease in price and premium rate is actually just top-line phenomenon is not a return phenomenon. The returns are still very healthy. And that's what we're actually focusing on.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's, that's helpful. Next, just kind of broad question about the reinsurance segments. If I kind a look at the combined ratio, the last couple years has been the mid-90s. I think that translates into a single digit ROE, but you can please correct me, if that's not right? And I guess catastrophe levels don't appear to have been materially higher than expected, either. So, just kind of thinking about the future, is it largely reflective of just simply the competitive operating environments? And I guess hopefully there's continued momentum it's doesn't 20 to improve the ROE profile of the segment?
Marc Grandisson: So, first, you're wrong, it's not in single-digit. So let me clear. I think this is much burden here. I think that the -- our reinforced portfolio is not a, is a different one and then just a mix shift over the last two or three years. We were a lot more -- we're a lot more property cat on probably 10 to 12 years ago. So, there's always moving part in the reinsurance platform. And I would say that our play for instance in motor in Europe will by definition lead us to a higher carbon ratio, but the returns are feel pretty, you know, very well in excess or well in the range of where we would want them to be to write that business. So, I think your combined ratio in reinsurance is just a reflection of this constant calling, pulling, pushing through realigning capital within the various lines of business. And I think what you're seeing is a combined ratio that is just reflective of what we see in terms of opportunities in terms of returns I can tell you for certain that our reinsurance group has a very, very ambitious return on equity expectation when you would like the business and that's what every underwriting decision is based upon not to not a combined ratio.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, got it. I was wrong that there's your portfolio that host probably less capital than I was assuming then again versus some peers.
Marc Grandisson: But the one thing I'll add to that, Mike, just quickly on the returns and that's really, it's all about our cycle management where our premium volumes went down quite a lot over the last number of years on the reinsurance segment. If the market gets healthier, which it's showing some signs of that, I think I don't think our returns will necessarily get that much better, but I think we'll be able to have a bit more growth on the top line, expand the platform and see more opportunities.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: First, just on the insurance segment, you talked about how Barbican is going to impact your expense ratio. Will it have any impact in underlying loss ratio? And I guess just to add to that, is it going to prevent you from maybe achieving an underlying combined ratio below 100 in that the insurance area in 2020?
François Morin: Well, Barbican is in the big picture doesn't really move the needle, it's brings a lot of nice trace with it. It has some key businesses that we like. It has also gives us -- it makes us more relevant in London. But the one thing that you should be aware of is, a lot of the capacity that Barbican is deploying is actually third-party capital. So that doesn't stick to our ribs. In terms of the combined ratio, yes, we'll have some benefits on the fees and et cetera. But, big picture, Barbican on a net basis wrote about $125 million of premium last year in 2019, split roughly 50-50 between insurance and reinsurance, whether that business, we're certainly going to shut down some lines, we're going to do some re-underwriting along the way. So, once you do a bit of math on it, you'll quickly hopefully appreciate that, for these are segment on its own, I mean, Barbican is not going to be a big factor in how 2020 plays out in to the combined ratio.
Marc Grandisson: On that note, to François point, realistically, Brian, we need to focus on and as we are right now growing and seizing the opportunities as it presented into our insurance segments. And if anything that will bring us to the combined ratio that will lead us to 12-ish our return on equity, I think it's going to come through to the current opportunity that we see in our ability to see upon it, which is no plenty.
Brian Meredith: So I guess what you're saying is that it could be the underlying combined ratio kind of dropping below 100 and getting to those returns. We may not see it here in 2020 but it's 2021 or whatever is the opportunities for you to come in?
Marc Grandisson: That's right. If you look, Brian, the rates really move starting middle of last year and a lot of stuff is being renewed still in the new "rate environment". So, we have to write the business first, you have to earn it. So, 2020 and 21, you're exactly right, you're exactly where we are. That's why it takes a while to see the good deeds being reflected. The same way takes a long time for bad deeds to get reflected, may I add.
Brian Meredith: And then other the reinsurance, Marc, I'm just curious. I know a lot of the businesses you write is quota share type business. How much is your reinsurance businesses, political those 2 areas where you're seeing a significant amount of price increase be it E&S, certain property lines and then you might see a good benefit from the subject premium pricing coming through?
Marc Grandisson: I think the beautiful thing about our friends on the reinsurance group is that they go anywhere kind of company. They can do anything, go anywhere, do anything. So, in general, they have access and are able to see the deals that are E&S, casualty property, whatever. So there, we have it. We've been around for 18 years. We've written a lot of reinsurance, we're still a billion and a half plus. We're not as smaller the grand scheme of things, but we still have a lot of selling points in London and Zurich, in the U.S. and Bermuda. So, we're able to grow, if a growth opportunities are there. There's no issue in whatsoever.
Brian Meredith: But what about your subject premium basis that are already in the books. So are you seeing kind of growth there?
Marc Grandisson: I think by virtue of the improvement used for point, we don't give guidance, obviously, as you know. Nice try. If rates keep on increasing and keep at the level they are at the healthy, no positive rate. And if it keeps into 2020, 2021, we will have a more premium, clearly. I'm not sure it's what you asking for not the answer the right question. So I'm trying to give them the right issue.
Brian Meredith: I think I'm just, what I trying to get at is that I get the premium growth situation, right. And then it's more the underlying obviously business, is obviously seeing improved price too in write and rate. Just like you're seeing in your own business and just would impact that could potentially have on your reinsurance margins?
Marc Grandisson: Of course, yes, you're right. We're seeing through the full year share. The newer phenomenon is anecdotal. It just seems to be starting. Even the excess of loss pricing now is taking up in speed. So that's also encouraging. So we may have some, at your point, you're right. We're not a huge excess of loss at least in a traditional, general liability lines and professional lines. You're right. We're benefiting from our quarter share participants and company. Yes, we are.
Operator: And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: I had a couple of small questions to start off with. First, are there any plans to change the amount of mortgage insurance that's retained on U.S. paper versus ceded to Bermuda in 2020 versus 2019?
François Morin: No plans at this point. I mean, as you know, it's all about we try to have as much capital as we came in offshore just because it's a better domicile, gives us more flexibility. But at this point and as you know, there's tax implications, we don't want to trip the BTAX issue. So, at this point, no plans to change anything.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Second, I know in the past, you've talked about capital deployment opportunities that ended up at Barbican and in the UK. And I was wondering, if you could give us a sense as to what you're seeing now in the pipeline and some other potential opportunities?
François Morin: I think we're seeing a bit less. I think people are busy more looking at their stuff and trying to improve their book of business. I think there's really a more of an inward focus. I think, M&A, we see all of them or we believe we see most of the transactions that have been talked about. I think we were a bit more open and we're able to strike some transactions over the last year because the pricing was right and the opportunity was there. But yes -- no, we don't see acceleration or somewhere to decreased activity. But I think just as a result of this current marketplace being a bit more dislocated, that's really what I would say.
Meyer Shields: Okay, and then that brings me to third question. I'm wondering whether you talked about how combined ratios are still being reported as profitable but there's also the soft market impact, which at least I would interpret as suggesting that maybe the real from our initial aren't as good. Does that delta look any different now than it is before past hard or hardening market?
Marc Grandisson: That's a really good question, Meyer. I don't know the answer this. I haven't looked at the numbers of the end of '99-2000. It doesn't seem -- I'll tell you my gut feeling, right now, it doesn't feel to be as much of a delta. And also in terms of what impact it could have on a capital market, if we were more levered as an industry '99-2000. We're running a 1.3-1.4 premium to surplus. Now we're point 0.7-0.65-0.8, whatever. So a lot less than ever, so probably more absorbable but at the same time, there's this investment income. So if you look at if you think that the market changes as a result of being cash flow negative or having to not having recurring income then I think that it's we're probably in a similar position, meaning that the loss -- the losses or if you combine the underwriting income with the negative at the end of 99with the investment income, which was very positive I think we're probably in combination in a similar place. We have higher capital, so more cushion to absorb it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey thanks. I just had a couple. I guess first one, thinking about 2020 is a potential year, given what's happening from a pricing standpoint for margin improvements for the industry. I understand why that could be challenging for some, but I think when I look at our relative to competitors. There is more of a short tail mix, whether it's in primary insurance also facultative re. So, I guess, Marc, if you just comment on why isn't there more constructors near-term outlook for margin improvement, given you're clearly getting rate, in some case, rate on rate in some these property lines where there does seem to be kind of a layup argument for margin expansion?
Marc Grandisson: So let me collect you quickly, Ryan, on insurance side. We're 70% 75% liability, in terms of premium written. So that was sort of sort of dampens if you will, the acceleration or the recognition of the improvements in terms and conditions. So make us a bit more cautious. So that's something you need to bear in mind. This is only insurance segment. And again, on the insurance segment, even speaking to the short tail is still does take a while to get through, again, like I said, significant improvement rate should we took place starting middle-ish of 2019, so it does still take a while to recognize and really see the earning coming through the earned premium. It's a combination of for other underwriting years. On the reinsurance side, I'm trying to think of it, I think it's also -- there's a fair amount of liability as well in there, right, François? There is also a fair amount of property, although property, as you, as we mentioned, is also deleverage on the property cap, we did increase the other property. We're running a lot more on the non-cap itself. This is more opportunistic and that you're right. We should probably see whether we were, what margin expansion that was and we needed there, we should see it, but again, it was written last third or fourth quarter so will come again over the next 12 months. So it takes a while, you have to be patience is a virtue in our industry.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then my second one is just around I think we've, it seems like we've heard the last from the reinsurers about the casualty environment and loan losses coming in and maybe you could just talk about your expense ratio, what do you seeing on the reinsurance while compare to the claims activity on the casualty side versus primary? This is a real lag of the claims starting to happen or is that's probably still on the comment any theory as to whether this how we might see more paid losses I guess in the reinsurance side?
Marc Grandisson: It's a very, very good question. I think when we do have a tale of two cities here. I think that our insurance, our senior claims, of course, we have the advantage or the luxury to have an insurance company that's on top of claims and no, and participants the marketplace. When we look at what information our reinsurance folks are getting, there is clearly a lack. I'm not saying this nothing is informed or whatnot, but there was clearly a lag. And it's been there forever. This is not a new phenomenon online, this has been going on for years and for as long as we've been I've been in the business, it's been there and it was there before my time. So, there's always information in symmetry and information delay. By the time it gets to the insurance company, they have to look at this evaluate, book or reserve or not book the reserve and then they in turn, inform their reinsurance partners. On the quarter share, it's a little bit easier because you're able to do more claims review and beyond to be side-by-side with them. You can also compare whether we have other of our clients from similar risks and whatnot on excess of loss, as you could expect, it's a little bit more difficult. There is a further lag on that one as well. So, we clearly have a lag in recognition and our reinsurance company has been really, really adamant and proactive and try to recognize some of the losses that may not be enough, enough reported. And that's also what made us be a bit more careful in our current ratings or lack thereof in the liability space, but there's clearly a lag on the reinsurance side.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, everyone. Happy Valentine's Day. Make it a Happy Valentine's weekend, if you have a chance. Talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2019 Arch Capital Group Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets starts with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call, that are not based on historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available in the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you. Our diversified business model of specialty insurance, reinsurance and mortgage lines of business have produced good growth and acceptable risk-adjusted returns for shareholders in the third quarter. Operating earnings generated an annualized return on common equity of 10% for the third quarter as our book value per share grew 3.9% and more than 21% on a trailing 12-month basis. Before I discuss market conditions in a broader P&C sector, I would like to address the topic that is currently getting a lot of attention, namely the increased claims inflation or loss trend. In this part of the cycle, we are not surprised to hear about adverse claims development that some in the P&C industry are experiencing. We have discussed our view of loss trends on these calls over the past several years. And I'd like to remind our shareholders that at Arch, we approach pricing, our products and establishing a reserves with a bias towards conservative loss trend estimates. As I mentioned before, history teaches us that on average the P&C industry experiences claim inflation rate about 200 basis points above the CPI, although this can fluctuate over time. It seems to us that the premium rate declines seen by the industry over the past several years should have led to higher current loss picks. It is important to bear in mind that in many lines of business, it takes 3 to 5 years before an adequate level of trend can be confirmed. We believe that this gap between the estimated and actual loss trend has contributed to the uncertainty in reserve development. This uncertainty helps fuel both disruption and dislocation in several areas of insurance, which we have been and are capitalizing on. This location is evident in arise -- in our submission activity this year and it is also reflected by the fact that we are achieving higher rate levels on new business than on renewal business in several segments. To give you some sense of the data, our submission activity in the third quarter was up more than 20% in E&S property and 15% each of E&S casualty and professional lines, specifically P&L. However, to date, we believe that these descriptions are more indicative of the transitional market than a traditional hard market as we have not yet seen rate increases in hardening across the board. Risks selection is still paramount. Across all lines in our insurance group, renewal rate changes average a positive 3.5% for the quarter as net premium grew 22% in the third quarter above the same period in 2018. About 30% of that growth came out of an acquisition we completed earlier this year in the U.K. small commercial lines space. Rate increases contributed a quarter of the overall segment growth, while new business opportunities generated the balance. It is worth reminding you that we expect to close on our acquisition of the Barbican Group in the fourth quarter, and we believe that the enhanced presence and scalability of our Lloyd's operation will provide us with further opportunities. Now turning to the reinsurance market. Reinsurance price intends to follow that are the primary insurance industry, but with a few twists. Catastrophe and larger attritional losses can disproportionately affect reinsurance results, creating the localized opportunities in areas of the reinsurance business. Property fact and Marine are examples of improving markets. Over the past several years, we have significantly reduced our net exposure to property cat risk in response to the declining level of risk-adjusted rates. The occurrence of Japanese typhoons in both the third and fourth quarter of this year has impacted global reinsurance industry result, and should support the ongoing need for additional rate improvement. Turning to our mortgage insurance segment. Arch MI continues to perform well, and market conditions continue to be characterized by strong credit quality in a healthy housing environment. In terms of new production, our third quarter and new insurance written or NIW grew 18% over the same period a year ago. That production was driven by growth in a mortgage insurance market due to a broad increase in mortgage originations combined with an increase in the level of mortgage insurance purchased from private mortgage insurance. Overall, insurance and force grew about 2% sequentially in the quarter at Arch U.S. MI as higher prepayment activity was more than offset by new MI originations. We continue to be pleased with the credit quality of our insurance and forced as key metrics in our U.S. MI portfolio remain at historically favorable levels. Notwithstanding the good market conditions in the MI sectors, we continue to mitigate our downside risk from an economic cat event through the purchase of insurance linked notes. With respect to our investment operations, we have maintained our focus on important return and continuously repositioned the portfolio to our just to financial markets conditions, which contributed significantly to our growth in book value per share this quarter.  And with that, I'll hand the call over to François.
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Before I give you some comments on observations on our results for the third quarter, I wanted to remind you that consistent with prior practice, these comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding the other segment, i.e, the operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings, the term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $261 million, which translates to an annualized 10.3% operating return on average common equity and $0.63 per share. Book value per share grew to $25.61 at September 30, a 3.9% increase from last quarter and a 21.1% increase from 1 year ago. This result reflects the effect of strong contributions from both our underwriting and investment operations. Starting with underwriting results. Losses from 2019 catastrophic events in the quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $68 million or 5.2 combined ratio points. These losses impacted both our insurance and reinsurance segments and were primarily due to hurricane Dorian and Typhoon Jebi. As for prior period net loss reserve development, we recognized approximately $51.7 million of favorable development in the third quarter, net of related adjustments are 3.9 combined ratio points compared to 6.7 combined ratio points in the third quarter of 2018. All 3 of our segments experienced favorable development at $3.9 million, $14.7 million and $33 million for the insurance, reinsurance and mortgage segments, respectively. We had solid net written premium growth in the insurance segment, 22% over the same quarter 1 year ago. While approximately 30% of that growth comes from the U.K. regional book of business we acquired earlier this year, we also had a strong quarter of new business and an improving renewal rate environment in most of our lines of business. The insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 100.3%, essentially unchanged from the same period 1 year ago. Some of the pricing and underwriting actions we have taken over the last several years have begun to filter through the loss ratio, while our expense ratio remains slightly elevated, primarily as a result of investments we are making in the business. In particular, as discussed on prior calls, the integration of our U.K. regional book and other smaller acquisitions is ongoing and increase the overall insurance segment expense ratio of this quarter by approximately 130 basis points. Investments in our underwriting claims and IT operations explained most of the remainder of the increase in the expense ratio. We continue to expect that the expense ratio for this segment will remain higher than the long-term run rate, until the growth in net written premium we achieved over the last few quarters, both organically and from acquired businesses, is fully earned. Now moving to on our reinsurance operations, where also had solid growth this quarter, with net written premium up 40% over the same quarter 1 year ago. Over 60% of the growth came from the casualty segment, where we were able to write select new opportunities and distress sectors of the market, including a multiyear treaty that represented approximately 65% of the growth for this line of business. As we have said in the past, some of these opportunities can be lumpy and distort quarter-over-quarter comparisons. Property, excluding property cat and property cat make up most of the rest of the increase in net-written premiums. The reinsurance segments accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats stood at 92.8% compared to 92.5% on the same basis 1 year ago. Parts of the large attritional loss activity we experienced this quarter includes some exposure to the Thomas scope collapse. Our expense ratio remains satisfactory at 26%, down 140 basis points since the same quarter 1 year ago. The mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved by 290 basis points from the third quarter of last year as a result of the continued strong underlying performance of the book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. The calendar quarter loss ratio of 3.8% is higher by 60 basis points than the result observed in the same quarter 1 year ago, although last year's loss ratio benefited from favorable prior development that was approximately 320 basis points higher than what was observed this quarter. The expense ratio was 20.8%, lower by 60 basis points than in the same period 1 year ago. Total investment return for the quarter was a positive 100 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis points as our high-quality portfolio continued to perform well. Our investment portfolio duration is overrated relative to our fact target allocation, up slightly to 3.64 years at quarter end, as we continue to expect a continued slowdown in economic growth and a lower for longer global interest rate environment. The corporate effective tax rate in the quarter on pretax operating income was 11.7%, and reflects the geographic mix of our pretax income and a 40 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. Excluding this benefit, the effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 12.1% this quarter. This time, we believe it's still reasonable to expect that the effective tax rate on operating income will be in the range of 11% to 14% for the full year. As always, the effective tax rate could vary, depending on the level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. Turning briefly to risk management. Despite the recent increases in catastrophe pricing, our natural cat exposures on a net basis remain at historically low levels at October 1, with the Northeast still representing our peak zone at slightly more than 4% of tangible common equity at the one and 250-year return level. We remain committed to deploy more capacity in this segments, if rates and expected returns on catastrophe exposure counts continue to improve over time. In our mortgage segment, we recently completed our 10th Bellemeade transaction earlier this month, with coverage of $577 million. Currently, the enforced Bellemeade structures provide aggregate reinsurance coverage of over $3.7 billion. With respect to capital management, we did not repurchase any shares this quarter. Our remaining authorization, which expires in December 2019 stood at $161 million at September 30, 2019. Our debt to capital -- our debt to total capital ratio stood at 13.5% at quarter end, and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 19.5%, down 300 basis points from year-end 2018. In terms of fourth quarter activity, we expect to use resources on hand to fund the Barbican acquisition at closing, once we receive regulatory approval. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Mike Zaremski from Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski: In the prepared remarks, I think you talked about some stress in the marketplace. And it's my understanding that in the primary insurance pace, it could be wrong in this reinsurance, it feels like the greatest locations in the mega sized account space where capacity is very constrained. Is -- just curious if there is there an opportunity that Arch Capital can gravitate? Or that's not your sandbox? Maybe you can talk to where you see the greatest dislocations in the marketplace and which could benefit you?
Marc Grandisson: I think your assessment is right on. I think that you'll here on other calls that from the marketplace that the record are larger carry more limits are going to more dislocation because compared -- competitors are reevaluating their risk appetite, which is where the most deployment was, shall I say, overextended in the last several years. And this is where most mediation is taking place. And you'll find that mostly in the E&F and the large commercial, risk is this is where we've seen most of the increase in submission activity. We had been historically been who we are on the defensive for those risk, and we are very well positioned to take advantage of that. I think we are on a receiving end of looking at more of those opportunities as we speak, and this is where we're able to flex more of our muscle.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. So just want to confirm. So you obviously have a great rating from the rating agencies and you have a relatively large balance sheet, but the primary insurance balance sheet is smaller. So you -- in terms of counterparties and the brokers, they -- do they see you as like they look at the total Arch entity at balance sheet, when kind of assessing whether you guys can take a big piece of the larger account space?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, they are. And I think there are also looking at us from a perspective commercial -- some commercial anecdote for you that we are one of the few that have heightened up the appetite for risk for our price appropriately. And I think community -- the book community and client community is very open to that and very willing to engage with us.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And switching gears to mortgage insurance. There is a recent agreement with the FHA and Department of Justice earlier this week. And there's been some talk about maybe it's shifts mortgage insurance volumes, things coming back kind of to the FHA and maybe out of the private marketplace. I don't know if you have any thoughts there from barking up something that could take place?
Marc Grandisson: I always have thought about everything. So my initial comment to you Mike is that, it's very early, right? It was announced last week. It's not early this week. And I think it's an attempt to, I guess, decriminalize being FHA as the result of banking -- the banking system sector sort of being reluctant to provide FHA part to its channel. But we'll see how that goes and where it ends up. There also uncertainty as to whether a different administration would have a different view. And the agreement would like to say and you do. It's too early I will say to tell you. In general, what we here in Washington, though is that the private sector is still most favored area where the government wants the mortgage insurance to be deployed. We have seen this for many years. We'll see where that takes us. But we're watching it, and we'll have more sense for where it goes and it's going to take a long time over the next several years.
Michael Zaremski: And just one last one on mortgage insurance volumes. Do you -- I believe in past quarters you kind of alluded to me be given that some market share as competitors all have their own proprietary systems. It feels like probably didn't give up market share this quarter, but it's too early to tell. is that because -- is your view still kind of you might over the next year or so move down a little bit one-off market share still strong obviously on absolute basis?
Marc Grandisson: We don't manage the company on a market share basis, as you know, we just put out there are pricing and see where the market gives us in the quarter. But you're right with the new blackbox environment, it's a lot harder to see where everything falls out. And I think we're the only one that most of our competitors will feel the same way. And we're still in the early innings of how they deploy their pricing modules, how we -- how the client react to their versus ours. So I would just see that we put our pricing up there with our return and it so happens that we receive and we're able to write the amount of business that we wrote in this quarter. I would not describe any market share target from what we said.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question -- hey, Marc, how are you? My first question is on your pricing commentary. So insurance, you said 3.5% price in the quarter. And so I'm trying to get a sense, I know there's a lot going on with net book and some new businesses as well as your question. But how do you guys view loss trend, I guess, if you're getting 3.5 points of price, I would assume trying an aggregate probably in excess of that? And can you just help us think that a little bit better?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, 3.5% for our portfolio, as you're pointingout rightfully is that it's a very, very diversed book and business. Some lines of business are still, as I said, it's not because of the board housing market. Some lines of business are flattish and some are actually getting way in excess on a 10% and 12% rate increase. And so new business are getting quite a bit of even 5% or 6%, even if you're in the middle-of-the-road. So I would just how you're thinking about your -- the starting point is still pretty important. So it's not -- the 3.5% is the one number at having Capture Rate everything, and it works well when you have a very monolithic marketplace or very monolithic book of business. But as you pointed, our market -- our business is very diverse. So I think that where you see growth is either because we're seeing good opportunities in terms of return -- to the returns regardless of the rate change if we have a rate change in a growing opportunity because than the rate changes clearly beating the loss trend [indiscernible] were always look for margin of safety. We're looking at rate change and claims loss pick it's not a game of decimal.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then a lot of new business, right, I think you guys said 3 quarters of the insurance book or some new business quarter. So I guess, as we think about that you're getting good price on that, you said, better than renewal. But I would assume you're probably saying the loss picks a little bit higher than where the legacy Arch business would be? So how do we about the ongoing margin profile of the insurance book, right, and like bringing on this business to get down towards that mid-90s underline margin?
Marc Grandisson: Yes my to, if we -- if you look at the way we reacted to the marketplace acquiring business that gives us good return, good margin because it did not have to be because of rate change. It just may because we want to find a new home because of this operative report going of the players are set that business rate our balance sheet. And just add one aspect or whether the rate is going up. I think that we have a very, very straightforward actual method to look at where we were, assuming the loss trend and the rate change and we booked that appropriately and I would argue considerably so that we don't have surprises or we actually have enough room to maneuver going forward. But broadly speaking, margin has -- is expanding as we speak on business in this segment -- in this point of time.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then my last [indiscernible] number question. I think the last time you guys updated us mortgage earnings within the ballpark, I think, like 75%. Is that still kind of about the right level or maybe it's gone a little bit higher this year?
Marc Grandisson: Well, yes, it's definitely higher this year because mortgage has done phenomenally well and we've got some cap on the P&C side. As the P&C market I think is improving slightly over the last few quarters, and hopefully, there is more room to grow. We'd like to think that the P&C earnings are going to start growing as a proportion of the total, and mortgage will be a bit less so. I mean, mortgage, we still think has a lot of runway in it as well. But just I think we can see more earnings coming from the P&C segments and that should help balance it out a little bit more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: Two questions. One, P&C related and one mortgage related. On the P&C side, obviously, the growth is very strong the quarter. Can we foresee and when can we foresee it a reduction in the expense ratio based on amortizing a larger premium based across a similarly sized cost structure?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, Josh, I think, we don't like to have -- mere forecast, but I think it's realistic to see or think that sometime in 2020 as we earn some of the premium that we've, again, the U.K., regional book that we'll shouldering and second half of 2020, like to think that maybe we should see some improvement. Everything else being equal, I think that's kind of we're thinking about. You guys have heard it, we've said before, we're still -- we started target, achieve a 95 combined ratio. That we're not committed to win whether it is at one year, two years or five years down the road. We're making the right improvements along their way, but we certainly -- at least in over the next 12 to 15 to 18 months, like I think that we're going to see some improvement coming through in the combined ratio.
Joshua Shanker: Great. And then typically expense ratio, obviously, the loss ratio is up to the underwriting of course?
Marc Grandisson: Correct.
Joshua Shanker: And then on the mortgage side, obviously, a lot of new insurance written in the quarter, but a very high proportion came from refi's and contracts with LTV lower than 85%. Can you talk a little but about that new business whether this has persistency to it, whether the housing appreciation somebody takes that business off of your book? How should we think about the growth in the core specifically and how it differs from prior quarters?
Marc Grandisson: Well, the growth -- the overall market is getting better and you're quite right. Deferred system is actually growing despite the, if you look at of the NBA for the next couple of years to growth and mortgage and origination, it's still there in the purchase market. The refinancing was not a surprise, but it's a reaction to the drop in mortgage rate by 110 bps over the last 12 months. And that's to be expected. So we have this -- I would say flurry, but we had this heightened activity of refinancing that is occurring. And the reason we -- the reason that the refinancing is still the biggest -- I would say the bigger portion with MI attached to it, a lot of it was originated recently, and they still haven't across the LTV blow 80%. So it allows us actually to go back again to the same client and re-up our mortgage insurance offering to them. That's it.
Joshua Shanker: Is that refi business more profitable on a risk-adjusted basis because it's closer to getting to a point where there is a low-risk that needs MI, or is it low-risk because of the lower persistency because this is close to getting below 80%? I mean how should we think about that business versus the rest of the...
Marc Grandisson: So risk wise it's a little bit -- it's above the same risk wise. It's the same goes for the same price as you are evaluating. I think there is -- pricing is a little bit less pricing and a lot of it has to do with -- it's sort of rolling forward the same book of business. It's like a renewal book of business. So we're saying slightly less. But I think of risk-adjusted is very, very similar after you factor everything in.
Joshua Shanker: Are these customers likely the same customers you had before or -- because of your procurement skills or is it -- does the mix change that depends on who picks it up or it's a crapshoot, you get that refi from a previous customer?
Marc Grandisson: I think you can make some action points to try and protect our book of business, but the latter is more likely if you don't do anything. I think it just goes through it back. It's thrown back to the pool. It may be refinanced by a different mortgage originator to begin with. So that will have different relationships going along with that. So...
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoff Dunn from Dowling & Partners.
Geoffrey Dunn: First off, could you provide the net ILM cost in the results this quarter?
Marc Grandisson: Well, the way we look at it, it varies obviously by layer or some of the old Bellamy's of advertised. But big picture, Geoff, you should think about roughly 3% of the outstanding balance as the cost. So we told you we about $3.7 billion of outstanding Bellamy limits in place, a 3%. And I will let you do the rest of the math.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay. And then, can you talk by the trend this year in terms of detachment points? It looks like the new business deals we've seen this year have moved beyond just our mask cover and now we're looking at mass plus cap cover. Can you talk about the decision to do that? Market reception for continuing to do that going forward? And how you weight the risk benefit versus cost?
Marc Grandisson: Right. Well, certainly initially the attach and detach structures were very much focused on PMI or coverage and capital requirements. I want to say in the last few weeks we moved a little bit, like you said beyond that, there's a bit more focused with rating agencies that have slightly different views on capital requirements. So we're always interested in the trade-off and making sure that, yes, maybe we can get some additional protection at a rate -- at a cost that is efficient for us, and that's part of our capital management decision. So it's -- that's how we look at it. And I think part of your question, there is tremendous appetite in the investment community for such products. As you know, and the fact that we're expanding the programs a little bit and going up a bit more in to the, like you said, pass the [indiscernible] we've had tremendous success in placing those instruments. And we think they are hopefully there for us down the road.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay. And there's a quick last follow-up. The other IIF was basically flat sequentially. Are you -- is that just lapse rate experience or are you seeing any change in the attractiveness of the GSE, CRT market?
Marc Grandisson: It's just a normal rolloff, Geoff, or -- as you know, we've been added since 2014 so you would have a sort of a seasoning and still getting sort of a run rate in terms of appetite and having frankly our allocation did more stabilizing for the last 2, 3 years.
Operator: And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: My main question is just around the premium growth and insurance and reinsurance. Seems some growth have longer tail lines, and I think you explicitly talked about a multiyear program that you signed or multiyear treaty signed in the casualty reinsurance. Just given the options that we're hearing about and just kind of increased concerns around deterioration thereof. Can you maybe tell us or talk us through how you gain comfort in growing of those lines here?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, that transaction is very unusual. And I would call -- I would put in the camp of a bit more opportunistic in nature. We don't want to renew it for the foreseeable future but, you know, this came to us with a lot of these changes to the pricing, detachment point, and whatnot. So it's not that we renewed the same structure that you're necessarily on. So there's a lot of moving parts to that transaction. That one would be squarely in the camp of -- tremendous distress, which you said in your comments, François, differently at the heightened level of return that we believe more than covers any of the range of outcome of potential outcome on the loss trend going forward. That's about safety here.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And that's specific transition. And then more broadly, be the other program construction that's a surplus casualty?
Marc Grandisson: Very similar. I mean the construction in national accounts would have -- workers comp so we have a good more view on the loss trend in there that helps taking our loss picks. On the E&S casualty, I think you would a very similar phenomenon not to the same distress level, that I just mentioned in the reinsurance transaction, but certainly you have similar overtones of distress being pushed into a different marketplace than having to be a repriced. And at price level that we believe far make up for any uncertainty we had in terms of really loss trends.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then may be more broadly as you are looking at deploying capital into insurance or reinsurance, where you think of something this year reinsurance you are getting the benefit of improving underlying conditions then may be additional improvement on the reinsurance side. Does that become more attractive than the insurance book?
Marc Grandisson: I think the reinsurance playbook is a little bit different. I think you have, you can buy Steckler pen, embarked on a significant partnership with a leading company and reinsurance and really move the needle quickly as we saw on the transaction just mentioned on the insurance slower build. But I think, if you look back at our 2002, 2003 history, the reinsurance team is a lot quicker because I had the ability to be much more quicker and get access to business that's going through rate change and improvement rather much quicker than our insurance group well. But the insurance group is not far behind as you seen in the numbers in this quarter. SO more from the same playbook, Yaron.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions here. First, I'm just curious on the big transaction, reinsurance transaction. Did it distort any of the ratios? And also was there any under premium portfolio that came in to what intuitive may be the unpaid premium?
Marc Grandisson: No. It's early. So I mean, there is no LBD, there is no incoming port in. So it's a great multiyear deal. And then in terms of ratio is not really. So there is normal level of loss ratio, expense ratio, it's been a whole lot has been hard it is. So it really in the big picture for the segment. There's no impact at this point.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then just curious in the insurance segment, some of the investments that you're making that you highlighted claims, et cetera, et cetera. How long are those expected to continue here for? And another way to think about it if I look at your underwriting expenses growth that you're seeing, how much of that is due to the acquisition versus just investment you are making?
Marc Grandisson: I'd say, roughly speaking, there is probably a good, I mean, more than half, may be 2/3 is from the acquisition that we've made. So we brought on a fair amount of people with the acquisition, and as I said before, beyond the premium as to earn and we think that by early 2020 that portfolio would've been fully with us for a full year. And then, on top of that, there is still a few more adjustments or investments we've made in terms of staff. We brought in some other underwriters to help supplement some of the lines of the business where we see opportunities and other small areas, like I mentioned, claims and IT where there are still investment that we think are making that are appropriate than at the right time for us to make them. I don't think those will keep growing as much. So once the premium that we're putting on the books now turns out or earns over the next 12 months, it should stabilize and level out and may be even kind of go down a little bit.
Brian Meredith: Great. Great. And another question, if I look at some of the growth that you guys are putting on, excluding this multiyear trade agreement, why is it more heading towards property, kind of property cat? Businesses tend to be a little bit more volatile, is that something we should expect perhaps going forward a little more volatility in the results but maybe lower underlying combined ratio is kind of shift mix of business?
Marc Grandisson: The property that we are growing leaves some balance is not necessarily -- some of it is getting exposed on the insurance side, but there is a cat cover reinsurance protection against the volatilities as a result. On the reinsurance side, I think most of that probably growth is not necessarily cat exposed. So it's a bit of a different growth. Some of the cat exposed, some of the grant cat growing, although we wouldn't say we are relatively underweight very small compared to what you would expect to be on our side. So no we don't expect much more volatility as a result of that.
Brian Meredith: Great. And my last question, just curious, as we look at this kind of terrific growth you guys are putting on in the insurance in the reinsurance area, I'm just curious how fundable is the capital between your mortgage insurance business and your insurance and reinsurance businesses? Is it easy to take money out of MI operations, maybe fund growth in the insurance or reinsurance? How's it all work?
Marc Grandisson: Well, it's not, 100% comfortable. But maybe you noted in our numbers this quarter the PMI ratio went down in the third quarter as a result of a fairly substantial evidence that was upstream from the U.S. and MI operations to the group. So that is money that was -- that is available to find growth in both insurance and all their other lines of business segments. So how easy is it to do? It's a process. It's not certainly can't do it on a whim or, just overnight. But once we get the regulatory approvals and we sit down with them and show them scenarios and stress scenarios and forecasts and certainly figuring out also conditions he reserves, so there's a lot of sad stories we have to abide with, but picture, we have the ability to use some of that capital and move it around and used in other areas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW.
Meyer Shields: I only had one question. Marc, I was hoping you could give -- understand how to think about the expenses associated with these submission flow contingency?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, it's more expensive. And I think that more one of the investments that we talk about is to get much more efficient in dealing with those submissions and being more proactive using tools, such as [indiscernible] to really get to the one that we have a higher chance of hitting. So that is certainly part of, yes, absolutely, to the point that we are investing to be able to augment the throughput on the platform. That's one of them.
Meyer Shields: Okay. In general to the distribution -- I would ask this. Are the [indiscernible] as the percentages more adequately now or is there enough description in the marketplace that you're seeing or agents are e pitching that doesn't make sense to you to our Arch right now?
Marc Grandisson: So right now, we're seeing more submission coming to us. Our hit ratio is not -- it's still in its early stages of finding its footing. Is also reactive to the marketplace price. So -- but clearly, we are finding, and the new business, similar and possibly in a growing modes -- more of our liking as to what's being proposed, can the marketplace. By virtue of the fact that that business did not put out in the EMS market for pricing or for consideration, tells you that it will be most likely repriced. The problem that we have with this, as you could appreciate it, it doesn't mean it's repriced. It's repriced adequately. Right? You could come in come out of a place where it needs probably a 30% increase to get to this E&S marketplace and only command at 10%, to 15%, that's not enough for us to do. It's still very important to be selective in what you do and maintain as we have our underwriting discipline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Bobman from capital returns.
Ronald Bobman: I had a question about Watford. It's obviously treating at a huge discount to book. And it's sort of indicates sort of disbelief from my view, a disbelief in the underwriting quality or the investment portfolio or strategy. And not that I subscribe to it, but at least the market seems to describe -- subscribe to sort of one of those 2 justifications. What are Arch's thoughts about where it sits stock-based wise and the plan and may be the use the capital at Arch to remitted it if you're so motivated? Obviously, there are some personal investments, sizable in the last few months by Arch executives. But beyond that, would you comment please?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I'll start. And then something will join in. At a high level, certainly, there's only so much we can say but we're still very committed to the Watford platform. It's been good for us. I think it gives us the ability to access business in a different way that we couldn't be able to do. So just with Arch. Third, the stock price, who knows what the market is thinking. I would argue that maybe there's overreaction in -- based on some of the others hedge fund reinsurers and platform. So I would expect late or think that words can ago but I -- my personal believe that it's probably a bit -- some of the reaction going on. So, Marc, anything you want to we make anything you want to add to this, Ron, I'm still in and I feel like the company's perspective and I would even argue that it's even better this point time I think that marketplace is getting better and watch for is uniquely positioned to sit side-by-side with us and as we underwrite in right could business from the books. So I'm actually more positive if anything today or 6 months ago, which I was already positive to begin with. There you go.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research.
Crystal Lu: This actually Crystal Lu from one question I had was just on elevated losses on reinsurance, you mentioned there's impact from Thomas Cook collapsing. Could you may be give a breakdown of how much of an impact the large losses had on the underlying results there?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I mean, it's not major. I think I just made the point to what, have you guys think about it so that, it can happen. These things happen. This quarter was Thomas Cook, this could have been something else. So right, it's not out of the norm. It's. Right now it's around at 3% impact on the loss ratio this quarter. That's right we are in the business of doing. We ensure. We are in the risk business, and we're not making excuses. We just letting you know, very consistent that what we've seen the something and highlighting it. So that's -- that's all I want to see no.
Crystal Lu: Okay. That's helpful. And then one more question on just getting the insurance profitability down to your 95% target eventually. How is the changing pricing environment changed your view on your internal timeline and strategy in terms of business mix there?
Marc Grandisson: I think it's not changing where we are going. I think that the market is most likely helping us getting there quicker and sooner. What I would tell you.
Operator: And I am showing no further questions from our phone lines. And I'd like to turn the conference back over to Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: To everyone there, happy Halloween. Thank you, and see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2019 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.Before the Company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the Company with the SEC from time-to-time.Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created, thereby.Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the Company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company's earnings press release and is available on the Company's website.I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you all. Our operating results were very good this quarter and were driven by solid underwriting performance, like catastrophe losses, which together with higher bond and equity prices in financial markets led to a 6.6% increase in our book value per share this quarter. Our operating ROE for the second quarter at 13.1% remains satisfactory.Market conditions in our Property Casualty segments continue to improve and as a result, we selectively increased our writings. While we hope that the market firming has legs, we will continue to focus on allocating capital to those lines with the best risk/reward characteristics. In our view, this is a market which favors those companies who are nimble and who focus on expected returns, risk selection and risk selection and segmentation in building their book of business.Across the property and casualty industry, we have seen several market opportunities where we have increased our capital deployment, notably in London and in E&S lines in the U.S. It is worth noting that because we have kept our powder dry in the recent soft markets, we are better positioned today to flex into these markets as rates improve. Despite these tailwinds, the firming is not occurring across the board. One factor that makes us cautious is the uncertainty surrounding the margin of safety.In some cases, rates are increasing on a relative basis but are not adequate on an absolute basis. Across all lines in the second quarter, our Insurance Group's rate changes, as measured on renewals only, averaged around plus 3.5%. However, there is strong anecdotal evidence that the majority of our new business came in at better levels than the renewal business. This is a sign of a transitioning market.Overall, we estimate that roughly 20% of our increased premium writings in insurance came from rate and the balance from exposure growth. There are a number of well-known factors driving today's P&C environment. Number one, derisking by some of our competitors; two, significant cat losses sustained by the industry in recent years; three, current interest rate levels support the need for further firming in premium rates; and most significantly, fourth, a lack of margin in pricing that exacerbates volatility in quality results and the attendant implicit recognition that reserve levels could be inadequate.Reinsurance markets tend to follow the fortunes of primary insurance and when you peel back the numbers, as Francois will in a minute, we also see good also see good opportunities in our Reinsurance segment. Catastrophe losses of the past two years and difficulties of some alternative capital providers had led to improved rates in property and marine lines with the floor to specific renewals experiencing market increases of 15% to 20% at midyear.As you can see in our financial supplement, we were able to grow our property writings on a gross basis, but we still need additional rate to commit more significant capital to our peak zones. We also saw strong demand in the international direct and frac markets, and one of the tails in this transitioning market is in our U.S. property facultative units, where submission activity increased substantially for the first time in several quarters.Taking a step back, the P&C environment kind of reminds me of a summer vacation with your kids in the back of the car asking, "Are we there yet?" In our view, not quite yet. But the path to better underwriting profit – the path to better underwriting profitability is becoming clearer.Turning now to our mortgage insurance segment. Arch MI continues to perform well, given the high-quality characteristics of our risk-in-force portfolio and the favorable economic conditions. As you may know, growth in insurance in force produces increases in our earned premium, which together with credit quality drive mortgage insurance results.NIW in the second quarter was $17.2 billion, a decrease of 14% from the same period a year ago and we believe, primarily reflects the early stages of the rest of the MI industry adopting and learning to use risk-based pricing, which could lead to greater volatility in quarterly market shares for the next several quarters.As we have said before, at Arch our focus is on returns rather than market share. What matters to us is that we write business at or above our targeted returns, and that we are realistic and diligent in our assessment of risk.Today, every key risk barometer in our U.S. MI portfolio remains at favorable levels. The second quarter combined ratio of our U.S. mortgage was excellent at 28%. Credit quality, as indicated by FICO scores, remained strong across our in-force book with a weighted-average score of 743.Our in-house measure of portfolio risk, our loan risk score or LRS, indicates that the relative ability of borrowers to repay their loans remains excellent and significantly better than what it was in the pre-crisis period.With respect to our investment in operations, we have repositioned the portfolio over the last 12 months to a slightly longer duration. And as a result of the recent declines in interest rates, we recorded a substantial increase in our book value per share.And with that, I'll hand over the call to Francois. Francois?
Francois Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Before I give you some comments and observations on our results for the second quarter, I wanted to remind you that consistent with prior practice, these comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding the other segment, i.e., the operations of Watford Holdings Ltd.In our filings, the term consolidated includes Watford. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $317.4 million, which translates to an annualized 13.1% operating return on average common equity and $0.77 per share.Book value per share grew to $24.64 at June 30, a 6.6% increase from last quarter and a 19.2% increase from one year-ago. This result reflects the effect of strong contributions from both our underwriting operations in our investment portfolio.Starting with underwriting results. Losses from 2019 catastrophic events in the second quarter net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $7.2 million or 0.5 combined ratio points. These losses flow through both our insurance and reinsurance segments and were primarily due to convective storm activity in the U.S.As for prior period net loss reserve development, we recognized approximately $35.5 million of favorable development in the second quarter, net of related adjustments or 2.7 combined ratio points compared to 5.1 combined ratio points in the second quarter of 2018. All three of our segments experienced favorable development at $1.5 million, $11.3 million and $22.8 million for the insurance, reinsurance and mortgage segments, respectively.The insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cabs was 99.4%, 90 basis points higher than for the same period one year-ago. The year-over-year comparison for the insurance segment is affected by two notable items. First, we experienced a relatively higher level of current accident year attritional loss activity this quarter across a few lines of business in the U.K; second, as discussed last quarter, the integration of our UK regional book is ongoing and increased our overall expense ratio for this segment this quarter by approximately 90 basis points.We continue to expect that the expense ratio for this segment will remain higher than the long-term run rate until the earned premium from the acquired business reaches a steady state. We had solid growth this quarter in the reinsurance segment that was partially muted due to the renewal of a large transaction that required less capacity this year. Adjusting for the effect of this renewal, net written premium would have grown by 14.3% this quarter over the same quarter one-year ago.The segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 92.2% compared to 100% on the same basis one-year ago. The year-over-year movement is primarily driven by an elevated level of property facultative losses for the same quarter last year, which explains approximately 580 basis points of the difference year-over-year and the impact of the renewal just mentioned, which contributed approximately 170 basis points. Most of the remaining difference is explained by operating expense ratio improvements resulting from the growth in earned premiums since the same quarter one-year ago.The mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved by 370 basis points on the second quarter of last year, as a result of the continued strong underlying performance of the book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. The calendar quarter loss ratio of 7.4% is identical to the result observed in the same quarter of 2018, although last year's loss ratio was helped by favorable prior development that was approximately 150 basis points higher than what was observed this quarter. The expense ratio was 20.6%, lower by 220 basis points than in the same period one-year ago as a result of a higher level of earned premiums.As mentioned in the earnings release, we novated a ceded reinsurance transaction during the quarter that increased net written and net earned premium by approximately $17.1 million for the segment. If not for the effect of this novation, net written premium would have grown by 8.7% this quarter over the same quarter one-year ago, and the mortgage segment's loss and expense ratio would have been 30 and 100 basis points higher, respectively.In addition, the transaction improved the group-wide annualized operating return on average equity by 60 basis points and increased the per share operating income by $0.04.Total investment return for the quarter was a positive 237 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis, as our high-quality portfolio continued to perform well. Our portfolio duration was up slightly during the quarter to 3.52 years. The corporate effective tax rate in the quarter on pretax operating income was 10.1% and reflects the geographic mix of our pretax income and a 70 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter. As a result, the effective tax rate on pretax operating income excluding discrete items was 10.8% this quarter, higher than the 10.4% rate from the same quarter last year.At this time, we believe it's still reasonable to expect that the effective tax rate on operating income will be in the range of 11% to 14% for the full-year. As always, the effective tax rate could vary depending on the level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction.Turning briefly to risk management. Despite the recent increases in catastrophe pricing, our natural cat exposures on a net basis remain at historically low levels at July 1 with the Northeast still representing our peak zone at slightly more than 4% of tangible common equity at the 1-in-250-year return level. As we have mentioned on prior calls, if cat rates and expected returns improve over time, we have meaningful available capacity to increase our participation in this segment.In our MI segment, last week we closed our third issuance of Bellemeade securities this year that provided $701 million of reinsurance indemnity on nearly $50 billion of insurance in force. In total, Arch has completed 9 Bellemeade transactions since the inception of the program in 2016, which, as of July 30, 2019, provides aggregate reinsurance coverage of over $3.3 billion.With respect to capital management, we did not repurchase shares this quarter. Our remaining authorization, which expires in December 2019 stood at $161 million at June 30 and our debt-to-cap - total capital ratio stood at 13.9% at quarter end and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 20.1% down 240 basis points from year-end 2018.With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: Yes. Thank you very much. Marc, you said that in your prepared remarks that you thought because you weren't writing so much business during the slumping years of pricing that you were better positioned than others. Brokers and customers like to know that there is a consistent market regardless of pricing available to them and companies that come in and out in a mercenary sort of way tend not to get the business. How can Arch come in and be competitive in these markets compared with the companies that have been willing to write policies at less margin?
Marc Grandisson: Well, as in – hi, Josh. As in every market, I think that when there's a – sort of a shift in capacity some incumbents who have been providing continuity of coverage actually take a pause and they look around and say, well, maybe we don't want to do that risk or do that risk at very different terms and conditions. And we did not move away from all the markets. Actually, we're still very much present.I think that our growth or would I say, we weren't as involved in the market for the last three or four years. I think you have to look at our trend rate of growth, which was less than what you would have expected the market to grow. So we tend to be below the long-term average. I think right now you see us be above the long-term average. And brokers, I like everything else, when they need capacity, they have to look for capacity for good quality outfits.And we actually are growing in areas where we already are present. There's some risk that we did not see before, did not have a chance to quote or participate on or frankly, we found the price to be inadequate for our liking, and now they're coming back to us and say, well, what about that risk, Mr. Arch? You didn't write it before and that's what happens.So the relationship is not solely client insured by insurer, it has to do – as you know, we're a broker market company, so the relationship is through the broker channels across multiple lines of business. A company that writes over $3 billion a year premium is not a maverick or – I'm not sure what word you use, but we're not a mercenary company.
Joshua Shanker: I didn't mean to use that word in a pejorative way.
Marc Grandisson: You did. But you did.
Joshua Shanker: And in terms of – I know that – so Nicolas has come in to run the insurance business. And I guess there's a non-time specific goal of getting combined ratio down to a 95%. As I look at the people you had running the insurance business over the last 20 years or not quite 20 years. You had some incremental talent running that business. And a 95% combined ratio has been a rare moment of success for that segment. What can Nicolas bring to the market that's going to help you get to those goals?
Marc Grandisson: So the first thing that Nicolas is bringing to the insurance group is this little bit more proaction in terms of when the market transitions or shifts. And that's something that you could feel and experience when you talk to our underwriting team. That's number one. Number two is, gross have different tools and than we had available to ourselves, say 10 years. Predictive analytics isn't – comes to mind. This is really something that is relatively new when we see the benefits of it on a daily basis.And Arch are embarked as you know Josh on the across-the-board project to get everybody to predictive analytics. And that speaks to the segmentation and underwriting selection that we've talked about. In addition, you see this through some of the numbers. On the IT we do have healthy amount of investment. We took a guy from our MI group, which was superb and best-of-breed in terms of IT development, and we sort of brought that there as well. So it's a combination of culture and really giving more tools and having access to more tools. So I'm not sure that it's really people specific.
Joshua Shanker: And do you have a – I know you didn't give a time, but when you say but when you say we're hoping to get to a 95%, is that a 3-year plan? Or is that – is there no time behind this? Is there any way of like sort of getting a little more specific.
Marc Grandisson: Like I said on earlier calls, I'd like. This to be yesterday, but I think we have to go through it in steps. I think that, Josh, I'm very encouraged by the development and the improvements that we've made in insurance. And certainly, the tailwind we have in the market is going a long way to get there quicker.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes for Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. My first question I guess tying in to Josh's last question on the 95%. You guys have always been a bit more tempered on where you see loss trend within the insurance market. Obviously, you gave us – in your prepared remarks, Marc, you said, rates up about 3.5%? Can you give us a sense of where you see loss trend today and kind of how that's changed over kind of how that's changed over kind of the past last three to six months, if it has?
Marc Grandisson: It hasn't changed a whole lot. We actually are going through a very deep dive in loss trend. I do think that we still have uncertainty around this. We have very recent years, a different kind of economy, last three or four years. It's going to take us – take a while for us to finally determine what the trend is. I would just only tell you that it's not an exact science. So we try to look at discernible pattern. I think you've heard on other calls that there is a recognition that there is something afoot on the severity side of things, more specifically.And the frequency remains to be seen, if that is going to compound for the pre-opinion. But for now the severity is definitely picking up. So that's what has taken us –we still are very, very careful. So when I talk about the 3.5% lease, it's made up of a range, right, from minus one in certain lines of business to plus 12%, 13%.So those who are clearing plus 10%, plus 15% obviously are clearing anything above what could be in terms of range of expectations on the loss trend, right? If you think the loss trend is an expectation between 2% to 4%, even at the higher end, if you clear 10% rate increase and if it's a second year of 10% increase, it gives you that much more comfort. That's how we think about it.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then could you also – in terms of pricing, could you give us a sense of what you're seeing within the E&S market? Are more risks going to the E&S market? How's the price there compared to the standard market? And what does your trajectory look like on the E&S side of things?
Marc Grandisson: So, yes, on E&S side I think it's sort of – if you look in terms of steps, a lot of things were written in Lloyd's and other admitted market. A lot of business is thrown back into the U.S. E&S market, which we're a participant of as you know. And so it's coming to us. It's coming to other E&S carriers around the country. We're not solely benefiting from this. But clearly, the rate coming in were as expiring, they were lower than what we would've liked to have, otherwise we would've written those deals.And it's mostly property, I would say at this point in time, because of the – certainly not helped by the recent cat losses. So if you look at it from the sum total position, clearly E&S is getting traction, it's coming back to us. We're looking at it and we're able – as I said in my remarks, some of them are getting substantial rate increases and they need to, but they need to get those rate increases to get to the level of returns that we are seeking.So – and we think that this is – specifically in the property side, our team is seeing some legs to it. They're really seeing an increased amount of – in the number of submissions. And we see some legs through it for the next couple of quarters, which is encouraging, which is the first time I could really say that to you.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then on – there were some potential regulation out last week in terms of the potential for the Patch rule to go away. I was just wondering, I know that, that would be kind of a 2021 event, but could you just comment on Arch's exposure on the MI side if there was a change? And just give us a little bit of an understanding on how that could impact your mortgage insurance business.
Marc Grandisson: Well, it could definitely impact not only ours but the overall MI segment, right about a 30% share of the GSE Patch is a big deal. I think we're communicating with them. We're talking to the GSEs and CFPB and trying to give them our comments and our view on this.At a high level, it could go multiple ways, but the best ways for us would be and this is something what we would advocate is that that business could also find its way onto the private market, right. I mean there's clearly a path for this to be more on a private placement as well.Going the way of the FHA, I mean it's certainly something that they can decide to do, but that would be sort of assured that they have to do politically. I think at this point in time at least, it's too early. We definitely are involved in this. The encouraging words from the CFPB were that trying to leveling the playing field across all participants, which means the GSEs and the private capital markets, this is how we want to and wish to interpret this.So we'll be in touch with them and we are hopeful that there will be a transition or there will be some very thoughtful and deliberate way to resolve that. So we're not overly excited at this point in time, but we certainly are looking it intently.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate all the color.
Marc Grandisson: Great. Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Baldini from Oberon. Your line is open.
Daniel Baldini: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. It seems like it's increasingly likely that there will be a hard Brexit at the end of October. And I was wondering if you could talk about the effects on your business. And specifically, your ability to do business from London, where you mentioned earlier you've increased activity, the ease of moving your London-based people around the continent to do business. And what exposure do you have to a further weakening in the domestic economy there?
Marc Grandisson: Okay. So let me take the Brexit question. We already – as is everybody else in the industry, we have repositioned our European operation into Dublin. So this is where we are currently doing non-UK business as of the end of March, I believe is the timeframe. And we also have through Lloyd's, our Brussels – and Brussels is the establishment for Lloyd's within the EU. So we're also a participant in that marketplace.And we carry on with the UK business. And actually we are – to answer your last question, we're very keen on developing more of the retail, and we did the acquisition last year – end of last year of the Ardonagh Retail Network so that's actually going very, very well. So it creates some barriers to entry for possibly other participants, but I think everybody has been pretty good, including ourselves in establish – setting ourselves up for being able to write the business whatever happens, whether it's hard Brexit or negotiated Brexit.So we are already well ahead of whatever could happen, so little bit more expensive because you tend to have a bit less, right, concentration of back-office and then underwriting support, but by and large it's not a – hopefully that will presumably find its way through pricing anyway. And so we're very relaxed with Brexit.
Daniel Baldini: Okay. Well, thanks very much.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Dunn: Thanks. Good morning.
Marc Grandisson: Good morning.
Geoffrey Dunn: Just a couple of number questions first. Can you disclose the aggregate ILN cost running through your premium line this quarter?
Francois Morin: It’s about $18 million.
Geoffrey Dunn: $18 million, okay. And with respect to the 19-3, what was it about the 2016 book that you didn't do it back then, you went back and did it now. Obviously, it was the one piece of the back book not covered, but I guess what was behind just the delay in covering it?
Francois Morin: Well, I mean couple of things. One is, as you know we've been trying to get protection on the whole book. So yes, no question that 2016 was the only year that had not – did not had coverage on it. And the timing of it is really – I'd say a big reason is the fact that it's a seasoned book. I mean if you – we saw it last year when we placed the 2018-2 issuance, where that was covering the 2013 to 15 years.Once the book is seasoned a little bit, I mean investors have a lot more visibility in the performance and the spreads just are that much tighter. So we saw the exact same kind of behavior for this recent issuance and just wanted to wait until the book was seasoned enough until we went to the market with it.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay. And then with respect to the new notice growth, I think we're seeing all the legacy players go through a transition now, where the 2009 and after seasoning is offsetting the improvement on the 2008 and prior. Can you provide a little bit more color on the two different books there in terms of the impact on the 9% growth this quarter? What are your 2009 and afters growing their notices at versus the decline in the 2008 and prior?
Marc Grandisson: I'm going to look at these numbers now. I don't have them handy. But what I could tell you is 6% of our book is prior to 2009. 94% is post 2008. So most of our growth will come from those years. And it's pretty much coming from the 2015, 2017, Geoff. So it's not really signaled different than anybody else around. I think these years have some seasoning and sort of finding a two, three years' mark right where they tend to get to default, so…
Francois Morin: So all I'll add is this was the first quarter really where we saw more than half of the delinquencies are from 2009 and subsequent. So up until recently it was obviously trending up, but now it's really above 50%.
Marc Grandisson: One last thing I'd add, Geoff, that this is all expected. There is nothing really to read more into it than just a natural phenomenon of growing the book of business, the insurance in force, and over time, the seasoning. Even the most recent year, we all tend to get some NODs. But as we remind ourselves, as you know, Geoff, these NODs, the ultimate claim rate on those is much smaller than anything we had seen for pre 2008, right. We're still below 10% ultimate claim rate.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay. Helpful. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks Geoff.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sean Reitenbach from KBW. Your line is open.
Sean Reitenbach: Hello. I just heard some adverse development on order accident years related to binding [volatility] book. What are you seeing in that book of business now?
Francois Morin: Well, I think it's something that we've identified, no question. We had some issues within the performance of that book. We've made some corrections along the way. We've shrunk to our volume, we've reunderwritten the book to some extent. Right now we think the reserve development is contained so we don't expect a whole lot of – I think we're in a good spot and don't think there will be more to come in a material way. But it's certainly a book that we know has underperformed and we've corrected it to some extent and we're keeping an eye on it.
Sean Reitenbach: Okay. That's helpful. And then also we've see some property and casualty competitors lose share in third-party capital assets under management and some are gaining share. What's happening at Arch?
Marc Grandisson: We're gaining share.
Francois Morin: Yes, I think there's a – we've seen – I think the quality of the operator we'd like to think has maybe a bit more – people put more value on that. So we have a good track record in underwriting on the property side. And I think there's more capital that's looking to find a home with a solid underwriting team and that's what we think we've demonstrated over time, and I'd like to think we can keep doing it.
Sean Reitenbach: Okay. Thank you very much. That’s all I have.
Francois Morin: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions from our phone lines. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, everyone. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2019 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference call may be recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.  Consequently actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time-to-time.  Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. Francois Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you all. We have had a good start to the year as Arch grew book value per share by 7.4% to $23.12 at March 31, and generated operating earnings of $0.67 per share due to strong underwriting and investment results in the first quarter of 2019. As mentioned on our call last quarter, we continue to see modest upward rate movement in property and select casualty lines, along with reductions in ceding commissions paid by our reinsurance units.  Our mortgage insurance or MI Group continues to operate in a market characterized by historically strong credit conditions and conservative lending standards. For Arch, this is an underwriting market where selection and segmentation remain key to generating favorable results. It is not a one size fits all market by any means. On the one hand, we believe that the modest improvement in the property and casualty markets reflect broader economic growth particularly in the United States, while on the other hand we see inconsistent evidence of increased discipline by underwriters. We can sum up our view of current market conditions with two key virtues that describes how we operate at Arch, prudence and patience. Prudence has been a good advisor to us. In our P&C segments, rate changes in the quarter for our Insurance Group has been positive, but ranging in any one line from minus 5% to plus 8% averaging about plus 2.3%. Considering that insurance lost trend or claim inflation typically runs about 200 bps above the CPI, we remain prudent in setting our loss picks and allocating additional capital in any single line given the uncertainty of future loss costs. Prudence in our reserving process dictates that we maintain an appropriate margin for error, because reserving errors can lead to pricing errors. We saw modest growth in the first quarter of 2019 in our Insurance Group as net written premium increased 8% due in part to the UK acquisition we mentioned last quarter. The balance of the growth was from a combination of rate and new opportunities in short and medium tail lines. In typical Arch fashion, we remain focused on risk adjusted returns and patience means that we seek evidence of acceptable margin improvement even as the market experiences some pullback in capacity, such as in the larger commoditized lines and also within some E&S markets that you have heard about on other calls. Within our Reinsurance Group, property cat exposed rate are moving up after absorbing severe industry wide catastrophe losses these past two years. These losses have caused some dislocation in capacity across the industry and have paved the way for new opportunities which our underwriting teams were able to participate in. However, we remain focused on the absolute level of risk adjusted rates and selective in our approach to cat exposed business. Now turning to our MI segment, overall the underwriting environment remains very attractive. Growth in our insurance in-force is producing increases in earned premium and contributing to a future stream of earnings that is strong and predictable. In MI, the key underwriting characteristics that drive earnings are credit quality and the economy, with which more than pricing drive ultimate performance. Therefore, even as pricing has become more competitive, credit quality remains excellent and key macro-economic factors are very good which has resulted in very strong risk adjusted returns. As you may know in MI from an accounting standpoint these returns will be reflected in earnings over several years. For the first quarter of 2019 our U.S. MI new insurance written or NIW was $11.2 billion down about 2% from the same quarter a year ago. While NIW reflects business written in the quarter, the more relevant indicator of insurance earnings is insurance in-force which Arch MI U.S. grew to $277 billion at the end of March of 2019. As with all our business units, in MI, we are focused on returns rather than market share and we intend to remain disciplined and agile. We believe that our long experience with RateStar and our insurance linked notes known as Bellemeade Securities provide Arch a competitive advantage with respect to risk management, our interface with lenders and our upfront risk selection. As I alluded to earlier, our key risk parameters are at very healthy level -- levels. Credit quality as indicated by FICO scores, remain strong across our enforced book with a weighted average score of 743. Our combined ratio in our MI segment remains exceptional at 25.6% in the first quarter which is substantially better than the long-term industry average of the mid to high '40s. With respect to our investment operations, higher yields available in the financial markets produced excellent results on both a yield and total return basis. Turning briefly now to risk management. For the past few years and continuing into 2019 our property cat exposures remain at historically low levels with a 1-in-250-year peak zone at about 4% of tangible common equity at April 1.  In our MI segment, our issuance of Bellemeade Securities continued the pace with our second issue this year that closed yesterday and provides $620 million of reinsurance indemnity on more than $35 billion of insurance in-force. We have issued $3.5 billion of Bellemeade Securities over the past four years which remains an important part of our risk management capabilities. As of today, Bellemeade Securities provide protection on more than 90% of our existing insurance in-force. With regards to PMIERs, as of March 31 2019, Arch MI's U.S. sufficiency ratio was 146% of the GSE capital requirements known as the PMIERs as I mentioned. With that in mind, and with that, I will turn it over to Francois Morin to provide you more specifics on our quarterly results. Francois?
Francois Morin: Thank you Marc, and good morning to all. Before I give you some comments on observations on our results for the first quarter, I wanted to remind you that consistent with prior practice, these comments are on a core basis which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding the other segment, i.e., the operations of Watford Holdings Limited. In our filings the term consolidated includes Watford. As you know Watford;s common shares began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on March 28, 2019. While this event now provides a market price on the value of our ownership in Watford, it does not impact the presentation of our financial statements or any of our disclosures which have remained unchanged since Watford's formation in 2014. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $275.9 million which translates to an annualized 12.3% operating return on average common equity and $0.67 per share. Book value per share was $23.12 at March 31st, a 7.4% increase from last quarter and a 13.3% increase from one year ago. This result reflects the effect of strong contributions from both our underwriting operations and our investment portfolio. Moving on to underwriting results, losses from 2019 catastrophic events in the first quarter, net the reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums stood at $7.9 million or 0.6 combined ratio points. These losses were nearly all observed in the results of our Reinsurance segment which were impacted by a handful of minor events across the globe. As for prior period, net loss reserve development, we recognized approximately $36.7 million of favorable development in the first quarter net of related adjustments or 3.0 combined ratio points compared to 4.6 combined ratio points in the first quarter of 2018. Both the Insurance and the Mortgage segments experienced favorable development at $1.7 million and $36.6 million respectively. The Reinsurance segment experienced the minor amount of approximately $1.6 million of adverse development, including $16 million related to Typhoon Jebi. The increase for this event reflects updated loss information received from SINS [ph] and additional industry data. The mortgage segment benefited from significant favorable development in our first lien portfolio or cure rates observed in recent quarters continued to be materially better than long term averages and expectations. The insurance segments accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 100.2%, 150 basis points higher than for the same period one year ago. The year-over-year comparison for the insurance segment is affected by two notable items. First, as we mentioned on our previous call, our operating expense ratio was impacted by the shift in the timing of share based compensation from the second quarter to the first quarter. This shift increased the first quarter expense ratio for this segment by approximately 94 basis points relative to one year ago.  Second, we continue to invest in our insurance operations including the integration of recent acquisitions in the U.S. and the UK. The most notable impact to our expense ratio this quarter relates to our U.K. regional book, whose operating expenses added 110 basis points to our overall expense ratio for this segment. As mentioned in the earnings release, we did not acquire an unearned premium portfolio with this acquisition and as a result the expense ratio will remain higher than the long-term run rate until the associated earned premium reaches a steady state. Overall, the underlying performance of our Insurance segment showed improvements in the quarter mostly due to lower levels of attritional losses and acquisition expenses. The Reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio excluding cat stood at 92.4% compared to 93.4% on the same basis one year ago. As we mentioned on prior calls we tend to look at trailing 12 month analysis in order to assess the ongoing performance of our segments given the inherent volatility in the business that can emerge from quarter-to-quarter.  The year-over-year comparison for the Reinsurance segment is affected by the presence of a $10.2 million premium retroactive reinsurance transaction we entered into this quarter, which contains sufficient risk transfer for insurance accounting treatment under GAAP. While the overall combined ratio for this segment was basically unaffected, the impact of the transaction to each of the loss and expense ratio components was more observable, with the resulting increase of 90 basis points to the loss ratio and a decrease of 80 basis points to the expense ratio. Overall we were able to reduce our expense ratio by approximately 400 basis points, mostly as a result of the growth and earned premium since the same quarter one year ago, the retroactive reinsurance transaction just mentioned and the shift in business mix. Once we adjust for these variations the underlying performance of our reinsurance segment will remain stable this quarter. The Mortgage segments accident quarter combined ratio improved by 650 basis points from the first quarter of last year. As a result of continued strong underlying performance of the book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. The calendar quarter loss ratio of 3.5% compares favorably to the 15.5% in the same quarter of 2018, due to substantially lower delinquency rates.  Part of the difference is also attributable to increased favorable prior development which was approximately 670 basis points higher than last year. The expense ratio was 22.1% lower by 120 basis points than in the same period one year ago, as a result of a higher level of earned premiums. Total investment return for the quarter was a positive 270 basis points on a US dollar basis and a positive 348 basis points on a local currency basis. Contributing to this result was our decision to extend our portfolio duration slightly during the second half of 2018 combined with the defensive high quality position of our fixed income portfolio and the solid performance of our equity portfolio consistent with the recovery in global financial markets.  The repositioning of our portfolio during 2018 combined with the reinvestment of shorter maturity bonds of higher yields generated higher investment income year-over-year. We also benefited from higher than usual investment income from investment funds in the quarter. The corporate effective tax rate in the quarter on pre-tax operating income was 13.1% and reflects the geographic mix of our pre-tax income and a 50 basis point benefit from discrete tax items in the quarter.  As a result, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income excluding discrete items was 13.6% this quarter, higher than the 10.4% rate from the same quarter last year. At this time, we believe it's still reasonable to expect that the effective tax rate on operating income will be in the range of 11% to 14% for the full year. As always the effective tax rate could vary depending on the level and location of income or loss, and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. With respect to capital management, we repurchased approximately 111,000 shares at an average price of $25.96 per share, and an aggregate cost of $2.9 million under our Rule 10b5 plan that we implemented during this quarter's closed window period. Our remaining authorization which expires in December 2019 stood at $161 million at March 31. Our debt to capital ratio stood at 14.6% at quarter end and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 21.2% down 130 basis points from year-end 2018. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: Yes. Thank you very much. Marc, I appreciate your comments about CPI and lost cost trend, look I think that at the very time you make a change in your outlook it might be the wrong time. But if you look at the past few years, what has been the lost cost trend and what year you're comfortable making that statement about what year is two green and what years can you say yes, we know where the lost cost front wasn't say 2015?
Marc Grandisson: I think yes. So you have to -- it takes about three to four years to redevelop and we're talking about primary business to really get a good sense of the CPI. So, I think, if you look at the CPI, I mean we know what it is 1.8%, 1.7%, 1.9% that range has been consistent for the last two to three years.  The pickup in the delta that I talked about the claim inflation spread above that CPI takes two to three years. So we have some good sense for probably 2015, 2014, 2016, we still have things developing for more reason underwriting years. And I would add that it's even more problematic or more difficult to fully assess when you in a specialty line of business and when you have of course excess policies.
Joshua Shanker: Generally speaking was '15, '16 about 200 basis points above the lost cost -- above CPI?
Marc Grandisson: It was a bit above that I believe. If I -- last time I checked the numbers about six months ago, we had a 150 bps above the CPI in trend inflation from '09 to about 2012, and I think it's since then picked up. So I'm trying to look at a long-term average. It's very hard to pin down the exact numbers.
Joshua Shanker: And I hope I can get two and a half questions in but there's some related.
Marc Grandisson: Okay.
Joshua Shanker: I want to understand the structure of your Jebi exposure. I don't know how much you initially fixed for it, but you're not a big Japan player and you're not a huge property cat player. So I'm just trying to figure out what happened in the contract that you paid more, obviously the picks went up there and two, to what extent are higher reinsurance costs particularly on the Japan rule [ph] that just passed, and then when you get to Florida, and the Gulf in the mid-year to what extent are the pricing increases we're seeing in property going to get somewhat swallowed by higher reinsurance costs.
Marc Grandisson: Okay. So that's about 3.5 questions. But I'll sort of take one at a time. The first one on Jebi, you're quite right. Our exposure has been on the weight for quite a while. We had actually increased our exposure to quake after Tohoku earthquake. But on the wind side you're right we had been more careful.  And this one is having a small amount of limits up there, mostly on the excess of loss basis and as you know, Japan also buys somewhat on a combined business, but most of our win exposure is on the wind and flood only still to this day. And really the initial numbers came in at $3 billion as you know developed to about $12.5 billion to $13 billion we believe as we speak. What was missed by our ceding company not only by the reinsurance community was the business interruption and contingent via loss exposures that we're inherent in, exactly the location where Jebi hit. And a lot of it had to do with semiconductor that carry a lot of issues a lot more issues from the BI and CBI perspective which was not properly reflected when you went through the path of the storm and modeled it through the -- your existing portfolio exposure. And the ceding companies had done the same thing did not see happen, did not see this developing and it just so happened that it created -- it was not fully appreciated by most people by the whole market frankly. So this is sort of where we are right now with Jebi. So you talked about price increase, we've had -- we've seen some price increase in April 1st as you know in Japan, but we -- but the price increase that we saw brought us back to about 20 -- the grade level in 2014. So with a lot more subdued and a lot more attained than we would have hoped for based on those, that indicator Josh knowing us that we've increased somewhat but did not go significant increase. We are still trying to be patient in seeing further rate changes. As we talk about Florida, the initial discussions are that the demand is going to be stable, but the supply of reinsurance is taken a pause. We don't know yet where it's going to go, but the initial signs is that it's taken a pause which should mean an interesting renewal from a reinsurance provider perspective. 
Joshua Shanker: I was more interested in your outwards costs more than inwards opportunity. As you pay more for Reinsurance, does that limit the extent of these rate increases we're seeing in property lines?
Marc Grandisson: Well, no. Because the big reinsurance purchase that we would do, would be on the insurance side. And we don't -- we do not have a significant Florida or these kind of exposures that would have created the loss into our layer. So we have a very different exposure from our cat perspective. So it doesn't really factor itself into pricing and it's not a significant change.
Joshua Shanker: That's perfect. Thank you very much.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning. Maybe two questions. The first one is a follow-up on the Jebi question. Can you also talk about, I guess, what's your -- what was your [indiscernible] exposure and also talk about if there were any aviation losses in the attritional loss ratio?
Marc Grandisson: Well, first of all our [indiscernible] exposure is de minimis, we have basically none. And the question in aviation is not something we're a big participant in. So it's also de minimis in terms of aviation losses part of the attritional loss.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's helpful. The other question, I guess the only other question I have is going back to Joshua's question. There is this sort of debate emerging between E&S pricing and commercial pricing and you haven't talked about this a lot earlier today. Can you maybe just spend some time, you gave us a range of minus 5% to plus 8% and then that came out to plus 2.3%.  Can you just talk about how you're feeling about pricing versus loss cost trends in some of those lines? And what would be the lines where we're still trying to get rate increases? And how should we think about 2019 or is it time to sort of sharpen our pencils and think about margin expansion from here? Or would that be premature? Thanks.
Marc Grandisson: So I think the best answer I can give you on what we think of where the margins are is, if you look at where we grew premium in this quarter. That will give you a great indication so as to what our teams think in terms of absolute margin. Margin expansion is one thing, but it doesn't mean it's necessarily enough to get the return. So we've seen enough margin expansion in a few lines that we grew our exposure. What is the second part of the question again?
Amit Kumar: In terms of some of those lines and the rate adequacy in those lines versus loss cost trends?
Marc Grandisson: The ones that we grew on a shorter tail of sign mostly -- most of the growth has been in a shorter tail lines. And the reason it's a little bit more -- it is a bit easier to do so is because the lost costs are a little bit easier to pin down. You have loss less uncertainty about ultimate loss costs on the shorter tail lines. So that means that if you think you are perceived -- you're preceding a margin safety of rate above loss trend of X, you're more certain you're going to get this. In other lines of business such as E&S casualty, we like others have seen some pick up in pricing there, but there's a lot more uncertainty there in terms of what the gap between lost cost and end rate increase is, and I would argue with some of them in some lines of business even though we would look to have like a 300 pickup let's say in margin, they probably need a bit more than that to really make a big allocation of capital from our perspective. So it's really a transition and really an incremental marketplace.
Francois Morin: Yes. One thing I'll add to that. Just quickly on -- I mean the London market as you know is going through a period of dislocation. We benefit from that. We're not huge players in London, but we have a meaningful participation and -- both on the syndicate and the company side. Who knows whether that is going to be sustainable for the rest of 2019 and into 2020. But certainly as Marc alluded to some of the growth we saw in the premiums we wrote in Q1 are specifically related to opportunities in London in particular.
Amit Kumar: Got it. I will stop here for the moment, and I'll reach you. Thanks so much for the answers.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks Amit.
Francois Morin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. My first question on the reinsurance side, Marc, in response to an earlier question you said that supply is taking a pause. So now when we think about supply of capital in Florida, is that a comment that you would make to overall capital, to alternative capital to traditional capital, I guess as you think about the buckets of the capital sources for the upcoming part of renewals if you could give us a little bit more color on how you think this will play out?
Marc Grandisson: Well I don't know how it's going to play out. I'll just talk about the early signs. But in terms of where it's coming from the supply the pause has been taken by all participants because, implicitly in some of the traditional players some of it is relying on alternative capital and is also alternative capital standalone as well.  So it's really a taking a step back. There are lot of moving parts in Florida. The summary [ph] benefits, the early adjustments and whatever else, the department asking for buying more limit. I mean there is a lot of moving parts right now, so people are still and people are waiting to see more up to date numbers, they've been developing as we all know for several quarters now.  So everybody's taken a part. I think it's a collective -- it's not obviously a consensus that's developed by talking to one another obviously but it seems to be this taking a pause, positioning from the supply. But we've seen as before these, I want to be open. Sometimes you see this and at the end people sort of roll over and do -- act differently than you would have thought they would behave. But I'm just telling you as we speak, last information that I received this morning about the current state of the overall feeling in the marketplace.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks. And then back to some comments you guys have been making throughout the call on the primary insurance market, so it sounds like you guys are finding more opportunity in the shorter tail lines as opposed to some long tail lines. Just given on some concerns about loss cost. Another company earlier today pointed to this being a casualty driven market upturn. Would you agree with that statement and maybe there's just you guys are holding off on really pushing for growth on the casualty side, just given -- waiting to see how loss translates out?
Marc Grandisson: So, I don't know if it's casualty led before. We have seen in terms of where we've allocated our efforts. Our efforts in capital such as that Francois mentioned, a lot of it is led by cat exposure and marine exposure and short tail exposure. So this is where we've been more allocating capital for the last six quarters, for three to four quarters and still continue on as we speak this quarter. On the liability side for us to have a casualty led we would still need to see some pain in the marketplace. We're not seeing broad pain yet at least emerging on the insurance portfolios. What I would tell you and that might probably sort of size or is in line with what you -- the comment that was made earlier on some calls is that, the reinsurance market is actually being a bit more disciplined, a bit more reactive to the casualty placements. And that tells us indirectly that there's probably a bit more negative perception about the ultimate results in those numbers but I'm not sure that these results have been published. Yes.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, you see sorry, one last question. Are you seeing more business come from the standard market to the E&S market?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Most of what we see is through the E&S market. Most of the growth except for the UK regional obviously which is the specific focus. But yes, the Lloyd's market, the Lloyd's business and the E&S market is where we are seeing more opportunities. Yes.
Elyse Greenspan: And then sorry, one last question. On the intangible what were a little bit higher than I'd have thought this quarter I think that's due to your two newer acquisitions, is that Q1 level kind of a good run rate for this year and can you give us a sense of where the intangibles amortization expense might come in in out years?
Francois Morin: Yes. Well certainly yes the part one, our practice for the amortization of the intangibles is linear throughout the year. So you should expect the remainder of 2019 to be at very much close to the same level that we had in Q1. In terms of outer years, we had given direction on specifically on the UGC transaction how it was going to wind down in 2020 and beyond. So we'd happy to recirculate that and give you an update on that. But that's very much scheduled and we know where it's going to be. I don't have the numbers in front of me for 2020, but we can certainly, yes, give you that.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. So the UGC numbers aren't changed and it's just up a little bit due to two recent deals?
Francois Morin: Exactly. That's correct. Yes. UGC numbers were locked in at the time of the closing. Yes.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks so much. I appreciate the color.
Francois Morin: Thank you Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Hey good morning. First question is on mortgage insurance. I believe in -- Marc in the prepared remarks, you mentioned even as pricing has become more competitive we use that term. Is pricing currently becoming more competitive? I know that a lot of it's within these dynamic pricing models.  So it's not as transparent and maybe you could comment on -- is that maybe why your market share -- I know you don't focus on market share but maybe that's why your market share seems to like you've fallen quarter-over-quarter?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I think that, yes, I think it's true that there's -- well, it's hard to see if it's a broad competition, but certainly there's a lot of dislocation occurring in the pricing -- in the marketplace as a result of all these new risk based pricing. It's very hard to see what it means. And to even evaluate whether it's down or up or sideways.  So we'll reserve ourselves some more time to evaluate and come to terms to what it means in this quarter. But certainly we haven't changed our pricing. We held the line and stayed the course on our risk-based pricing and at the end we just harvest what we put out there and what's stuck to the marketplace and but it's going to take a while.  Markets are going through establishing their systems, educating the loan originators how it's used and fixing some of the bugs. So it's going to take several quarters for us to really see if there is truly that much more price competition. But I think the price competition that I mentioned in my remarks has been over the several last quarters. I was not specifically talking about this quarter.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And lastly, moving to kind of leverage levels on excess capital. If you could remind us, leverage is down to 21%ish historically for UGC. It was in the teens. Can you remind us is there a level that you've kind of soft promised the rating agencies and then also kind of curious whether holding dry powder is more or less important today versus in the past?
Francois Morin: Yes. Part one to your question, yes, 20% was roughly the number that we were -- the leverage level, the leverage level that we were targeting at the time of the acquisition and we are there today. So I think we're -- we accomplished what we set out to do and that's good news. And yes, part B, to your question absolutely dry powder is something that we always have been firm believers in.  Whether it's deploying the capital in a potential other opportunities, whether they're acquisitions or if this rate environment picks up steam and gives us the opportunity to put more of capital at work in the business in any of our three segments, we want to have that ability to do so. So the answer to your question is yes. Having the flexibility is something that we've always believed in and thankfully I think we're there right now.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Okay, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Hi. Good morning. I want to circle back on the reinsurance part of your development. So even if I exclude the Jebi adverse evolvement I think net you see a bit of a decrease year-over-year. Can you maybe talk about the moving pieces there?
Francois Morin: Yes. A couple of things that I'd say more minor. I mean there has been some timing of some claims that came through that yes impacted favorable or the level of favorable developments in our reinsurance segment reserves. No question that we didn't -- we've had a healthy level of reserve releases over the years that were not -- we never planned for it.  We always observe the data and we always react to the data. It turns out this quarter, the level of favorable wasn't as high as it has been in prior quarters. Does it revert back to a higher level next quarter? We don't know we'll find out in three months. But no question that Jebi was a big part of it. There's a couple of other small moving parts that are just I think a bit more noise and somewhat idiosyncratic in terms of the timing of the events that affected the aggregate level of PYD on the reinsurance segment.
Marc Grandisson: And I think our lost cost trend discussion Yaron is certainly key into our being prudent and careful and the way we sort preserves, because things could be shifting and so that is already part of the -- part of informing our decisions currently, is not recent but it's certainly part of that as well.
Yaron Kinar: Understood. I guess what I'm trying to get to that is always as the year-over-year change again excluding Jebi, coming more from short tail lines, more from longer two lines?
Francois Morin: It's a mixed bag. It's a bit of both.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then with regards to the UK block that you acquired. Should we expect it to be fully earned in within roughly 12 months period until January of 2020.
Francois Morin: Yes, pretty much. I mean right. So the premium it's a ramp up. So it's effectively a startup. And we -- it won't be 50% earned by -- in 2019 but you're right Q1 into next year like to think that the run rate of earned premium is going to be a pretty steady. And there's nothing specific -- nothing special about their annual policies and that should -- the accounting should follow pretty easily from there.
Yaron Kinar: Great. Thanks.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Yaron.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I also wanted to ask about the U.K. acquisition. Once you get past the steady run rate for earned premiums, is there any difference in its loss ratio, expense ratio breakdown and the legacy Arch Insurance segment?
Marc Grandisson: Well it should. I mean there's a lot of moving parts in the expense ratio. What we're trying to improve on that point in the U.K. in particular and you guys all know about the realities of the London market and that's generally an expensive place to do business in. So that was always one of our objectives here is try to reduce our expense ratio specifically from the U.K. side and this acquisition helps us achieve that given it's a more -- it's a better business model for us and more efficient on that sense. But the counter to that I will say is we're very -- there's other opportunities, other investments that we're making within our Insurance segment that may offset some of that. So I -- we don't have complete visibility on everything we're going to do in 2019.  But if you're looking for some view on what the expense ratio may look like for the insurance segment for the remainder of the year, I would say, no question that Q1 was elevated because again the lack of our premium on the UK book and the timing of the share based expenses or competition expenses by the end of the year we'd like to think that we could bring it down between 100 and 200 basis points from where it was in Q1. But my overall the business that we've acquired is retail business as you know it's not cheap necessarily, it is still there's a lot of commissions as I have to go through. But the problem which means the loss ratio would hopefully be lowered and then comparative E&S portfolio. Having said all this I think with -- by virtue of the critical math that Francois just talked about, I think that it should improve the overall expense ratio. But I wouldn't expect it to go to be a significant improvement.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's great. Very helpful, I appreciate it. Looking at mortgage I think Marc you talked earlier about the benefits of the current economy. I don't know how to ask this without being too politically charged. But do you see that as being vulnerable to next year's [indiscernible]?
Marc Grandisson: Well, politics are part and parcels of what we have to deal with all the time. Now we're on the receiving on what's happening out there. The one thing I'll tell you about the politics we've been worrying about this, we've been -- we've had -- we've been asked that question for a long time. But the consistent answer on any kind of -- any administration that was in place and anybody that runs the FHA, there's clearly a recognition that private market has a place in delivering the product to the homeowners and providing insurance and protection.  So we don't see any major change there. We also don't see any change to the GST, mandate and the way that MI is one of the collateral that's used to bring the LTV down. So none of those core essence, things that are really essential for -- to make sure that the market exists has been under siege or will be under siege. I mean there might be some changes to the delivery of the product, and we certainly have been participating in some of those new innovations and we'll continue to do so for the future. But the way we think about politics and as it regards to MI is, we are agnostic as to what happens. We'll react and are able and willing to help in any way that we can to deliver the product to the homeowners and to the banking system.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No understood. Thank you so much.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions from our phone lines. I now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: So from Francois and I have a good day and we'll talk to you in the next quarter. Thank you much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-13 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Arch Capital Group Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the Company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the Company with the SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company's earnings press release and is available on the Company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Shannon, and good morning to you all. Once again, this quarter strong earnings from our Mortgage segment offset the effects of catastrophe losses in our Property Casualty segments, as Arch produced an annualized operating return on equity of 8.8% and 10.7% for the 2018 fourth quarter and full-year respectively. Given the level of catastrophe losses across the globe in 2018, our results demonstrate again the value of our core principles of diversification, sound risk, selection, underwriting, discipline, and cycle management. François will provide more commentary on our financial results in a moment, but it's worth pausing for a minute to thank all employees at Arch who are committed to meeting the needs of our clients while producing superior returns. Given the notable catastrophe events for the past two years, we will begin our discussion of market conditions with the January 1 renewal market and property cat reinsurance. As you may have heard on other earnings call this quarter, on average, property cat rate increases at Jan 1 are positive, but below expectations given the record level of insured cat losses that were reported in the past two years. Across the industry, loss affected property accounts are rate increases of 10% or more, while some property accounts in Europe were flat to down 5%. Hidden within the underlying property cat industry average rate changes. There are some signs of tightening capacity within the retro and facultative markets, but in many case rate levels relative at to risk remain in adequate to deploy additional capital from our perspective. At Arch, we believe that we enhance our odds of doing better than the industry average by allocating capital dynamically to areas where the better risk reward trade-off and that disciplined underwriting and risk selection will remain at the core of what makes us - it has made us successful. There is reason to believe that some rate improvements may occur throughout the year as the market absorbs the recent history of large capital losses. However, uncertainty with respect to both the expected amount of capital and return on capital within the property cap markets make it difficult to predict where cat rates will be by year-end 2019. In the interest of time, I'm not going to review market conditions line by line. As I'm sure you have already heard about that on the calls this quarter, but I will list and address the underwriting environment in general. In our P&C segments in some of our insurance lines rate increases appear to be outpacing claim trends. But as we have discussed in prior quarters, we continue to believe that the risk of claim inflation rising above its long-term trend is high and we remain cautious in our allocation of capital and in setting our loss picks. The modest improvements in rates are concentrated primarily in the short tailed cat exposed business in the U.S. commercial auto and some areas of casualty. As always, we focus on the absolute level of risk adjusted returns, not just relative rate changes. Turning now to our Mortgage segment. The underwriting environment remains very attractive with ongoing growth in our insurance in-force producing strong increases in earned premium and will contribute to a future stream of earnings that is both stable and predictable. For the fourth quarter, our U.S. MI new insurance written or NIW was $16.7 billion, a 16% increase over the same quarter last year and the proportion of single premium business remain low at about 9% of NIW this quarter. Within our U.S. primary business, the credit quality of loans insured remains excellent, and our key risk barometers are still at very healthy levels. To put this in historical context, our risk indices tell us that the current borrowers credit characteristics are still substantially higher, in fact, by roughly a factor of two relative to the borrowers of the late 90s and early 2000. We have seen mortgages with greater than 95 loan-to-value grow slightly as a percentage of our NIW to about 16% in the fourth quarter. While credit quality as indicated by FICO scores, remained high across our in-force book with a weighted average score of 743. As far as the new mortgage risk transfer programs with the GSE, so named IMAGIN and EPMI facilities, we believe that these programs will continue to grow within our expectations, roughly at a modest 2% of total NIW for the market on an annualized basis. Briefly, with respect to our investment operations. Higher yields available in the financial markets and growth in invested assets, led to a 16% increase in net investment income in the fourth quarter over the same period a year ago. We remain underweight credit in interest-rate, reflecting our cautious outlook. Moving to capital management. Despite our exposure to property cat in 2018, we were able to deploy some of our capital towards expanding our distribution capabilities, deleveraging our debt and repurchasing our shares. As you know, we recently closed on acquisitions in the U.S. and the UK that are expected to expand our distribution base. Volatility in the equity markets also gave us opportunities to repurchase approximately $100 million of our common shares in the quarters at attractive prices. As in all of our capital allocation processes, we employ a rigorous and disciplined assessment of available opportunities to deploy capital in order to generate long-term returns for our shareholders across all phases of the cycle. Turning now briefly to risk management. For the past few years and continuing into 2019, our property cat exposures remained at historically low levels with our 1-in-250 year peak zone at about 4.5% of tangible common equity at January 1. We have the ability and the capacity to deploy more capital to the sector if available returns improve to acceptable levels this year. For Arch clients and investors, our ability to increase our support in times of need is a significant benefit to the marketplace and a source, we believe, of long-term value creation for our shareholders. In our Mortgage segment, our issuance of insurance linked notes, know as Bellemeade Securities have significantly reduced our shareholders' exposure to the tail effects on our business from economic recessions, and that paved the way for a significant reduction into our risk profile despite growth in our insurance in-force. With regards to PMIERs, as of December 2018, Arch MI’s sufficiency ratio was 141% of the GSE capital requirements, known as PMIER, as I mentioned. It also exceeds the proposed GSE revisions under PMIERs 2.0, which is to be effective on March 31, 2019. With that, I will turn it over to François. François?
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. I would like to give you some comments and observations on our results for the fourth quarter. Consistent with prior practice, these comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding the other segment, i.e., the operations of Watford Re. In our filings, the term consolidated includes Watford Re. After-tax operating income for the quarter was $189.2 million, which translates to an annualized 8.8% operating return on average common equity and $0.46 per share. For the full-year, our operating ROE stands at 10.7%, a solid result in light of the elevated catastrophe activity in the second half of 2018, and a pricing environment in the P&C sector that remains competitive. Book value per share was $21.52 at December 31, a 1.7% increase from last quarter and a 6% increase from one-year ago, despite the impact of higher interest rates on total returns for the quarter and the year. Moving on to underwriting results, losses from 2018 catastrophic events in the fourth quarter, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums were $118.2 million or 9.7 combined ratio points. These losses were predominantly the result of Hurricane Michael hitting the Florida Panhandle and the California wildfires, but we also felt the impact of other minor events across the globe. As for prior period, net loss reserve development, we recognized approximately $74.4 million of favorable development in the fourth quarter, net of related adjustments or 6.1 combined ratio points compared to 4.6 combined ratio points in the fourth quarter of 2017. All segments were favorable led by the Reinsurance segment with approximately $33 million favorable, the mortgage segment also at $33 million favorable and the Insurance segment contributing $8 million. This level is consistent with a third quarter 2018 results as we continue to benefit from significant favorable development in our first-lean portfolio in the mortgage segment where cure rates this year are continued to be materially higher than long-term averages and expectations. The Insurance segments accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 98.3% slightly lower than for the same period one year-ago. Most of the improvement came from lower levels of attritional losses and acquisition expenses. The Reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats stood at 96.2% compared to 103.2% on the same basis one year-ago. As we mentioned on prior calls, we tend to look at trailing 12 month analyses in order to assess the ongoing performance of our segments, given the inherent volatility in the business that can emerge from quarter-to-quarter. The year-over-year comparison for the Reinsurance segment is affected by a few notable items. First, as we mentioned on a previous call, our acquisition expense ratio last year, reflected the federal excise tax is associated with a large internal loss portfolio transfer. Second, our loss experience this quarter was impacted by a large attritional casualty loss arising from the California wildfires and third, we had a noticeable amount of reinstatement premiums and premium adjustments this quarter that benefited our combined ratio. Once we adjust for these variations, the underlying performance of our Reinsurance segment remains strong this quarter. The mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved by 1,410 basis points from the fourth quarter of last year as a result of the continued strong underlying performance of the book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. The calendar quarter loss ratio of 2.1% in the fourth quarter of 2018 compares favorably against the 17.8% in the same quarter of 2017 due to substantially lower delinquency rates. Part of the difference is attributable to increased favorable prior development, which was approximately 320 basis points higher than last year. In addition, there was approximately $13 million or 410 basis points of favorable development on 2018 delinquencies due to very strong cure activity in the period. The expense ratio was 20.5% lower by 160 basis points than in the same period one year-ago as a result of expense savings achieved. I'd like to remind everyone that due to the nuances of purchase accounting, the amortization of our debt asset should continue to increase in 2019 by an amount that is approximately $8 million higher on an annual basis than 2018 levels increasing acquisition expenses acquisition expenses. These results highlight the contribution to our pre-tax underwriting income from the mortgage segment, which remains strong this quarter. After allocating corporate items such as investment income, interest expense and income taxes to each segment, the mortgage segment's contribution toward 2018 net income decreases to approximately 75% of the total after normalizing our results for catastrophic activity. Total investment returns for the quarter was positive 51 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis and a positive 83 basis points on a local currency basis. These returns high light the defensive high-quality position of our fixed-income portfolio and solid result in our alternatives portfolio in light of a volatile quarter across global financial markets. During the quarter, we continued to move away from municipal bonds and into corporate and government bonds due to relative valuations. The repositioning of our portfolio during 2018 combined with the reinvestment of shorter maturity bonds and other swab activity at higher yields generated higher investment income year-over-year. We extended the duration of our investment portfolio in the quarter to 3.38 years, up from 2.94 years on a sequential basis as global economies weekend. Operating cash flow on a core basis was a strong $384 million in the quarter, reflecting the solid performance of our units. The corporate effective tax rate in the quarter on pretax operating income was 16.8%, and reflects the benefit of the lower U.S. tax rate, the geographic mix of our pretax income and a 210 basis point expense from discrete tax items in the quarter. As a result, the effective tax rate on pretax operating income, excluding discrete items, was 14.7% this quarter, higher than the 9.9% late last quarter. The difference from this rate to the numbers noted in our recent prerelease is primarily attributable to discrete items in a higher level of U.S. based income, which triggered a true up of tax accruals for the first three quarters of the year. As we look ahead to 2018, we currently believe it's reasonable to expect that the effective tax rate on operating income will be in the range of 11% to 14%. As always, the effective tax rate could vary, depending on the level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. With respect to capital management, we paid down the remaining $125 million of our revolving credit facility during the quarter and we also repurchase 3.6 million shares at an average price of $27.11 per share and an aggregate cost of $98.2 million under our Rule 10b-5 plan that we implemented during this quarter’s closed window period. Our remaining authorization which expires in December 2019 stood at $164 million of December 31, 2018. Our debt to total capital ratio was stood at 15.5% at year-end and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 22.5% down 390 basis points from year-end 2017 and a full 620 basis points from year-end 2016 when we closed a UGC acquisition. Finally, I would like to bring to your attention a change we are introducing in 2019 regarding or incentive compensation practices. As you know, equity grants made to employees had historically been awarded in May of each year. Starting this year, equity grants are expected to be awarded in the first quarter subject to Board approval. As a result, we would expect a small distortion in the timing of our operating expenses. The impact of this change based on 2018 equity grants is an expected shift of approximately $11 million to $13 million in operating expenses from the second quarter to the first quarter of 2019. Two-thirds of that expense is expected to be reflected within or operating segments with the remainder in corporate expenses and investment expenses. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you. Good morning. MI segments continue to show very strong results, is the 16%, the underlying loss ratio, a good run rate going forward? Or you see continued improvements from there?
Marc Grandisson: The loss ratio has been very good and actually, better than we had anticipated, probably a year, a year and a half ago. So we have ongoing improvement in notice of default and cure rates. So right now, everything we're pointing to is much less than the long-term average, which will be 20%, I would think, overall cycle. So yes, you could pick your number, Kai, it's very hard to predict the future, but certainly, we are in a very benign loss environment.
Kai Pan: That’s great. If you take out, I mean, that large amount of reserve releases, the reported loss ratio below 10%. Had it been around 10% or less for the last several years, at what points the regulator, would you say, the results is too good? And would be more focused on either pricing or competition could start to come in?
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think, I'm not sure whether regulars would do, but from our perspective, this is still a risky insurance product like everything else is out there, and what matters is, where are you about the return. And I would argue that even if you have a little bit higher than average return in the current environment, that’s probably more than makes up for some of the bad year that have occurred to the industry. So we're not losing sleep over this. There was no commentary to the effect that the loss ratio is too high or too low. In fact, I would even argue that the new capital framework from the GSEs are leading us to a directive – in a direction of still appropriate level of capital and return in the industry to make sure it’s a solid framework for housing finance.
Kai Pan: That’s great. Hopefully, the industry have a lot of memory. So on the reinsurance side, the topline growth is very strong even without the reinstatement premiums for the quarter. Could you talk a little bit about what do you see growth opportunity and what kind of return you're getting from those businesses? Are they higher than your existing business?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So the growth year-on-year is a little bit of the story. If you look at the last four quarters, it's more consistent. The growth that we've seen over the last 12 months is continues to be areas that we've talked about before, international motor quota share. Actually some commercial auto, we have some opportunities in there and some workers comp opportunities of all things. So there's a lot – and some property specific, property cat related exposure in the reinsurance group as well. So the growth that we're seeing in reinsurance is consistent with our fishing and looking around in the world for good returns, better risk adjusted return if we can. No way from them, probably the more traditional commoditized reinsurance business. So it’s a little bit more bespoke than the rest of the things you would hear about in the marketplace.
Kai Pan: Okay. Last one, if I may, on California, you have losses both from the property side as well as the liability side. So how do you think the market going forward, in terms of pricing, in terms of like any sort of like your risk appetite in the market on both the property side as well as the liability side for the utilities?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So on the liability side, it’s a little bit easier to answer it because these things almost – a lot of question mark in the industry as to whether these are insurable and at what level and at what price. And as you know, it's not a big market. And currently the player that's been tagged or had been identified as being liable for that loss is going through a lot of difficult times, but we'll see how that develops, which currently developing as we speak. This is still a very small market, right, in a broader scheme of things. As far as the property is concerned, it's really uncertain. As I said in my opening remarks, the capital supply is still plentiful. There were talks at the beginning Kai, maybe that's what you alluded to the fact that there might be some changes to the modeling of California wildfires, but it's still very early. People are still trying to figure out what they have and what it means in their modeling. And as you know, it's a little bit isolated in fact, right. It's isolated to one area of the country and people will have a way to manage a portfolio and deploy capital in other areas. So it's a very hard question to answer because we don't know what the supply of capital is going to be by midyear. But largely, it would dictate, it should go up to some extent, but we'll see what happens.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you so much and good luck.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks Kai.
François Morin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn with Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Dunn: Thanks. Good morning.
Marc Grandisson: Hey, Geoff.
Geoffrey Dunn: I was hoping you could comment a little on the ILN market. Now that all the – just about all the MIs are using that market and indicating that they plan to use it on recurring basis, are you seeing any change in terms, conditions, appetite? Or is it as steady as it was over the last few years?
Marc Grandisson: No, what we've seen that there's actually no indication that it's weakening. We see tremendous investor appetite for the product. As you know, that the GC's really started that we were in there as well as the soul MI that was accessing that market in the last year, most of the others have jumped into, I call it, the bandwagon. And it just makes it for, I mean, investors now have the ability that when they do their research, they do the analysis, they feel it's something that's repeatable. They can access that type of product not only through us, but also through some of our competitors. So as far as we can tell, there's still tremendous appetite for the product and it's expanding a little bit, getting some of our instruments rated has also helped, but we see that as something that there's nothing on the horizon that suggests that we will be able to execute on it.
François Morin: And to add to this, Geoff, I would also argue that the spreads are not widening, we don't see any indications of spreads widening. So this appears to be a stability of pricing expectations in the product as well.
Marc Grandisson: Volatility here and there, but in the long-term, we said, yes. Spreads have been very stable. Yes.
Geoffrey Dunn: It looks like you took another dividend this quarter, should we take that to assume that the regulators are also comfortable with this market and view it as true capital relief?
François Morin: Absolutely.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay.
François Morin: I mean, we argue, it's even better than traditional reinsurance because we have the cash on hand, so it's collateralized from that point of view, they…
Marc Grandisson: If they were to accept it, they should be happier than just other forms of capital. I mean, aside from just the traditional equity.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay. And then a follow-up on new notice development, is the Company's book reaching at an inflection point where even though the new vantages are very high quality and outperforming, but book size is obviously, in the season is going to drive this new notice levels. Are the more recent vintage is now exiting the benefit of the runoff of the 2008 mean that we should see on average new notice growth going forward?
Marc Grandisson: We I think we will at some point. I'm not sure that we've crossed it yet. It's very hard for us to see and put to predict that. But you're right, over time, we would expect at the 2009 in prior – the 2008 in prior, is it going up. Yes, we would expect that. I'm not sure that we are there yet.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay, great. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Geoff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: Good morning, everybody.
Marc Grandisson: Good morning.
Joshua Shanker: So I was noticing the trend and it's not so surprising that the proportion of new policies being renewed on the mortgage segment that are coming from refi’s get smaller and smaller all the time, now down to 5%. Is there any difference ultimately you think, in the quality of a refi mortgage versus a new mortgage? I guess you know of the refi mortgages is better. At least the market knows them better? How should we think about that?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, clearly, there tends to be at the margins, quality for the finest market. It's clearly not a target market for the MI market, right? So broadly you are right, but in terms of what pertained to the MI market, our penetration for origination of MI, of mortgages in the refinance is 5% to 6%, so it's very, very small. The market that we are targeting that is really our bread-and-butter, if you will is a purchase market, and that's still pretty healthy, and that's really what we've been focusing on. So having said all this, if you look at it historically, the brand of the cycle with the brand of the DTI has been fairly consistent and I think that speaks to that there's not much of a difference between the credit requirements, whether you will be financed or whether you purchase.
Joshua Shanker: And not too much on the refi but typically, if you are what your MI on the refi mortgage, were you the MI on the mortgage that's replacing?
Marc Grandisson: Not necessarily because you be refinancing with a different financial institutions and at the end, that institution may have a different agreement with a different MI, not necessarily.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And switching gears, on the wildfire liability – look obviously that was a difficult loss two years in a row. But the pricing might have been adequate to take that. A lot of times though in certain markets, the market really isn't a big enough to give you a payback, no matter how good the pricing is. Do you think you'll get a chance to write wildfire liability this year, and as a market sizable and attractive enough to make it a worthwhile business to write on a multi-year basis?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, the answer is yes to all of those. I think in general, we don't think of either being in the market or not, be based on size. I think what it means to us is we would put in Malaysian to the market size, our commitment to that marketplace. And you have to – the interesting in Reinsurance, Josh, is you have to forget last year and look forward, because if you look back to what the losses you had, you don't have to make the money that you’ve lost. That’s clearly one thing that we always live by everyday. But certainly every time the proposition comes to us, provided we have the right information and the right perspective on the loss, if there's a profitable thing, we would do it regardless of the start of the market. Only thing that we would do is right size, our commitment to that specific market based on its size relative to the broad capital base of the company.
Joshua Shanker: And is that a midyear renewal?
Marc Grandisson: I believe so. Yes, everyone has multiyear, yes. Correct.
Joshua Shanker: Okay, thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks Josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Hi, good morning.
Marc Grandisson: Good morning.
Michael Zaremski: First off, François, in the prepared remarks, you made comments about actions you take on the expense side to improve the ratio and that the trend has been improvement over the last year or so. This quarter came in, I think better than expected is any one-time in there is that improvement? Somewhat sustainable.
Marc Grandisson: Well are you referring specifically to mortgage?
Michael Zaremski: Yes.
François Morin: Yes. Well mortgage, right, we acknowledge internally that it's been two years since the acquisition and we're basically completed with the integration and we told hopefully we – you guys will remember that we told you it'd be a journey. We'll take a couple of years to fully integrate the two operations. And we're at the stage now when you compare obviously, year-over-year Q4 2017 to Q4 2018, we just realize more savings and technology and people et cetera. So I think we're kind of there. There's also a bit of seasonality that comes into play, but that we're truly in a good spot in terms of where we want to, where we think our expense base and especially operating expenses will be going forward.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And sticking with the Mortgage segment. Marc, you made a interesting stat you made in the prepared remarks about mortgage credit quality being approximately, I think you said 2x better than prices levels. Maybe you can further elaborate on what's behind that viewpoint?
Marc Grandisson: We have internal proprietary credit analysis evaluation and you could also look at some things that are published by outfits of [Fairview Urban Institute]. And you will look at the relative you credit quality, based on an index, looking at a 90s early 2000 factoring income, credit score and all these various aspects of a credit worthiness of the borrower. And when you, run it through the grinder if you will, and you've come up with a number at the end, that number is half of what – half of what it was back in the late 90s in 2000. So this may on a comparable basis long stay it to be as apples-to-apples that's can be,
Michael Zaremski: Okay. It's interesting because we know qualitatively there's lot of reasons why credit qualities most likely better. So it's interesting that you're trying to quantify that’s helpful?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Very, very much off. Yes.
Michael Zaremski: And so I just follow-up on that and maybe I am missing this from the supplement. I can get it offline, but at what percentage of the mortgage insurance portfolio has reinsurance protection and what's the average duration of that reinsurance protection?
Marc Grandisson: That's a good question. I mean I don't have the numbers right in front of me, but it's…
François Morin: A couple of things about 50% quarter share with AIG…
Marc Grandisson: In years 2014 through 2016. Then you have Bellemeade. We have about $1.1 billion of outstanding limits. On the Bellemeade that covers about two-thirds. Two-thirds of our portfolio has reinsurance against it. Thank you.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. And the duration of the Bellemeade transactions roughly?
François Morin: Well, there are 10-year transactions, right? So they're all different, some have features where we try to have the coverage be enforced for a bit longer, but I would say, about five years is probably something where we – as we keep rolling off, we're adding new ones. So I think that should remain pretty stable as we move forward.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thank you very much.
François Morin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, it's my first question. So you guys said, if you normalize for cats that you're seeing mortgage, I think you said about 75% of earnings, I guess, what do you view as your normal cat load since your P&Ls have come down, right. But we're coming off of two years of pretty high cat losses?
François Morin: Well, the cat load roughly in is about 30 million a quarter, 30 million to 35 million a quarter that scan of where we've been – what we've been running at the last couple of years. And in these numbers that I quoted really all we do is replace effectively the actual cats with the expected or the cat load. So that's, hopefully that answers your question.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, so when you give us the tax rate guidance for the coming year. You're also assuming that cat's fall within that normal level, correct?
François Morin: Correct. Yes. That's full-year forecast. Expect with an unexpected GAAP year, which as you know as usually not the case. It's either lower or higher, but yes.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then on reinsurance, you guys seem to kind of be cautious and balanced in terms of what might happen at the midyear renewals. Marc how much would you say you need rates to go up for Arch to, one materially write more cat business, if you want to talk separately about what you might want to see at April 1 versus 6/1 and 7/1 in Florida?
Marc Grandisson: I guess I could tell you a lot more, but that's not going to get you what you want. So I think if you go back at least to one of my comments about six quarters ago, looking back at the characteristic at the time the numbers were 35% to 40%, to really start getting us to the risk-adjusted return that we believe is appropriate. We've had since maybe 10% to 12% rate increase, so that tells you we’re probably 25% to 30% still short of rate change to really get there. And again, I want to caution everyone that's listening to this saying that, that 20%, 25% is not going to come across the board all at once. There's some pockets that need a bit more than this, some that need a little bit less than this. But that gives you a flavor for how much more we believe we need to get us to start going the path of deploying more capital.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. That’s helpful. And then on the mortgage side, as some of your competitors have adopted risk-based pricing models as well, have you seen started to observe a broader impact on the market? Kind of anything changing there?
Marc Grandisson: Nothing yet. It's still very, very early. So we'll have to wait and see how it's rolled out, how it's actually developing in the marketplace. And I would say that for everybody's benefit that our risk-based pricing was created back in 2011. This is our UG – well, now our U.S. MI operation, and there is a lot of things that need to happen to have the run rate. So we're going to have most likely some bumps along the way. Our competitors are going to be trying things and figuring out things that work and don’t work out as well. So we're bracing for it. But the key thing from our perspective is we're keeping steady in our grid and our risk-based pricing and we're going to take, you know, whatever market, however they react, we'll be the beneficiary or we'll lose some business because it's mispriced based on our own. But it's too early to tell, Elyse. It's going to take a while.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Great. And then now there's some concerns on the outside in terms of recession and impact on credit and how that might play out, late this year, maybe into 2020, as you guys, obviously alluded to credit being really strong relative to past cycles, but what would you be paying attention to, to see the potential turn in the credit cycle?
Marc Grandisson: Right now, I think if you look historically at what went wrong, it really did not – I mean, certainly the credit quality or the credit worthiness of the borrower is extremely important, right. But what happened historically that really created the issue is a product development. If the product I'll be – like low DAC, no DAC, I'll say all this stuff comes back to the market. This is what would be worried about. Of course, the macro things that could impact everything is the housing price depreciation across the economy. The one thing that we're not worried about – the reason why we're not so worried about right now is because there is a shortfall on housing supply and has been there for quite a while. So everybody is predicting smaller price increase in house prices, but still positive for the next two or three years. So recession could probably put a bump on this. So if you look at it historically on some recessions in the past, we had times when house price increased by 1%. The only time it went down guys for your benefit and that's actually very useful to know, is only in the 2007, 2008 crisis. For the last 45 years, it never – the house price index, despite having gone through five, I think, different recessions, only came down once. The price index came down once. So the product is really the problem, Elyse, and we don’t see anything yet.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate all the color.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Elyse.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. Marc in your introductory comments, you noted not just that loss tends to get worse, but they could resume sort of above-average levels. So I was hoping you could sort of clarify why that is a concern right now? 
Marc Grandisson: Because we’re seeing some changes in some of our submissions and some of our data, it's still very early signs and it's really anecdotal, sometimes anecdotal, sometimes it’s actually real. So we're seeing loss trend picking up in certain areas and we believe it's only a matter of time before it starts spreading to other lines of business. And Meyer, as you know, we're students as well of the industry, and the CPI is about 1.8%, 1.7%, as I've mentioned that in prior calls. The inflation – or the insurance inflation is typically running ahead of it by 1.50% to 2.50%. So I would expect the trend that could be recapturing, having a very vibrant economy exposure growth and more friction in the marketplace, we would expect those to generate more losses. And the reason we're putting that out, Meyer, is because I want to put that into perspective of the price increase that we talk about on average, being 200 or 250 or 300 bps. It just doesn't make for a lot of margin of safety as you go about in analyzing how you allocate capital between lines of business. And as you know, more probably than I do is when you write a business in insurance policy, it takes years for you to really find out how bad or how good it's going to be. So we tend to take a more cautious approach to it. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you. Quick modeling question, with the recent U.S. and UK acquisitions, are those going to produce any appreciable change in the expense ratio?
François Morin: Well, I mean both acquisitions were in the mortgage segment. So I would say that the expense ratio, yes, no question that in one of our acquisition in the UK, maybe a bit of integration expenses that will have – that will be reflected. But all-in-all, that you've given that the U.S. one was something that we – it's a partner as a business that we've done business with many, many years. That should not really impact the expense ratio. And the final thing, which you'll see in the 10-K is that we'll certainly trigger a bit slightly higher intangible amortization expenses that start coming through in 2019.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And that’s segment or corporate?
François Morin: Well the intangibles is all one number altogether. So – when we finish up our analysis and we published a 10-K in a couple weeks, you'll see that the slight changes in – from what we published year-ago which was primarily UGC related.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. Thank you.
François Morin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Seth Rosenberg: Hey, guys. Seth Rosenberg here for Brian, thanks for taking my questions, I’ve got one for you. So if you look at the Insurance segment, large losses improved versus last year, but if you look back at last year, I think you had called out 2.2 points, which was elevated at time. So if you kind of just take this quarter in a vacuum and not the comparison. Will you say that large losses were better or worse in line with expectations and as because so many companies are calling at a higher frequency and severity of large losses? So just trying to get a feel if there something in loss cost there that concerns you?
Marc Grandisson: Right. So our insurance group had some lumpiness to it, right. Not as much as reinsurance for obvious reasons, but there's still some quarters that are above average or below average. This quarter was sort of an average quarter for us in terms of large risk loss or non-attritional loss, as they call it. We have a hard time for everybody's benefit, slicing and dicing the losses in so many different sections. At the end of the day, we are providing insurance coverage for all kinds of losses. So this is what you're seeing right now is sort of what is a loss speaking to instead of all the things that could happen in our portfolio.
Seth Rosenberg: Got it. So nothing particular to construction cost or labor that really stuck out in terms of severity? 
Marc Grandisson: No. If anything would've happened there, it would be already factored in our loss ratio effect.
Seth Rosenberg: Got it, thank you. And then switching over to mortgage, last year the delinquency rate kind of spiked up due to the storms in the third quarter. No reason to believe that it would be a similar dynamic in the first quarter from Michael and the wildfires?
François Morin: No. We looked at this and we also thought about the government shutdown, which was on the horizon, but there's certainly GSE rulings that prevent us from these potential delinquencies developing into claims. And going back to the hurricanes, 2017 was different in the sense that both – in particular Harvey, where flooding was persistent for a number of weeks and is more damaging than Michael that came in and through that really have an allocated timeframe to the event. So at this time, we don’t think there will be any spike in our delinquency just from the cats.
Marc Grandisson: As far as the government shutdown, Trump signed up something at the end of January, so it's releasing that base. So that should be a long way to alleviate any of our concerns there.
Seth Rosenberg: Great. That makes lot of sense. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning. Just two quick follow-up if I may. The first question goes back to the discussion on wildfire casualty losses. I just wanted to understand a bit better, if the utilities numbers change or if there is any other development, does your current number remains static or how was that reserve, maybe just help me just explain that a bit more?
François Morin: Well, from our point of view it was a – it's fully reserved. So there's no adverse development that we can see on this particular claim. Yes. It might with bankruptcy court and things could change, but if they change, we think they'll be in our favor. They'll reduce the number. But we’ve taken the most conservative view that we can think of at this point and we'll see how things play out.
Amit Kumar: And what is the size of this book for you in terms of percentages? Or any would sort of think about it?
François Morin: Well, it's really a one-off, right? It’s not a book per se. We have a small unit that focuses on these kind of the bespoke transactions. Typically there's a lot of them that are property type deals. This one was a casualty deal as well. And as you know, these, these deals come to the market infrequently that you don't know when they're coming. You look at the opportunity, you assessed the risk, you make a decision on the pricing and if the risk adjusted returns are there, we try to participate. So at this point, I mean it's really not – it's not really a book in itself. It's an emigrant, an amalgamation of policies that we write down in the ad-hoc basis.
Marc Grandisson: And Amit, the one thing that's interesting with this one because it's such in a high price to get out of breath. You don't hear about the [98] others that are actually that worked out to our favor, but let’s leave it with that.
Amit Kumar: That's a very fair point. I guess the only other question I had was going back to the discussion on buyback. And I think in your opening remarks you talked about the volatility in the market is going to giving you an opportunity, the buyback, obviously, was higher than my numbers and discrete numbers. In the past, we used to talk about a matrix and in – there used to be a matrix on your website, which I was having trouble finding. Are we still utilizing that payback matrix? Or how should we think about future buybacks?
François Morin: Well, yes. The matrix that you're referring to is still the starting point of our analysis. And the question that comes up often from many – many of you on the phone is, is with the growth in the mortgage segment. Does that matrix or that view change? And the answer is, is does, but it's not black and white. What we like and we told everyone before about the mortgage segment is that we liked the visibility and the predictability of the earning stream that it gives us. So the three-year payback that we've targeted in the past, we have a view that yes, maybe we'd be willing to extend it to four years to five years, who knows. But that's always considering all the options that are available to us. We talk about acquisitions, we talk about reducing your leverage. So there's all these aspects of capital managers when they come into play and yes, I mean, so hopefully that answers your question. So that the grid is still there, but it had – we have some flexibility around it.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's what I was looking for. That's all I have. Thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks. Amit. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good morning. Just one quick one. Can you recap the cat losses by event?
François Morin: Well, we typically haven't done that. So that's the number you have in front of you is both for wildfires and Michael Bright, predominantly with a few, a small others along as well.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And maybe one follow-up and as you look at the market into 2019? Would you expect opportunistically to grow the property cat book and the property cat exposure?
François Morin: Like I said, if we get the rates that we think are warranting an increase, we will increase. And we have increased some property exposure in the last quarter. So there were some opportunities to do it. As we said, it's just not a broad-based market opportunity, but we always look out for specific transactions or relationships to really take advantage of that. So we have – we're present on front street, we're open for business as you know, and we will do it, if it's there.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you very much.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks Yaron.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions. So I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Marc Grandisson for closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much, everyone. It was a good year. Appreciate your time, and happy Valentines to all of you guys.
François Morin: Love you all.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Marc Grandisson - CEO, President & Director François Morin - EVP, CFO & Treasurer
Analysts: Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Securities Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Securities Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Meyer Shields - KBW
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2018 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, operator, and good morning to you all. Happy Halloween to all, and best wishes to you, you little ghosts, goblins and princesses. While the stock market has been providing some scares this past week, here at Arch, we had another good quarter despite higher cat activity around the world, as our operating strategy of diversification, cycle management and focus on risk-adjusted returns produced an annualized operating return on equity of 11.4%, and 2.3% increase in book value per share at September 30, 2018. François will provide more commentary on our financial results in a moment, but it's worth noting that our modest exposure to property losses this quarter is not just the result of our good risk selection. It also reflects our ability to remain disciplined in a market where risk-adjusted returns do not meet our return hurdles. The 2017 and 2018 catastrophes are a reminder that margins in cat-exposed property lines remain thin, and in many cases, are inadequate relative to the severity and frequency of catastrophe events. With respect to market conditions in our property casualty operations, outside of property, there are just a few specialty areas such as travel accident and European motor, where current market conditions provide opportunities to deploy additional capital. In most of our insurance lines, rate changes are positive and appear to be outpacing claim trends. But as we have discussed in prior quarters, the spread between rate changes and loss trend, claims inflation, if you will, is small, and we remain cautious in establishing our loss mix. In addition, specialty lines such as those that we write are volatile by their nature, and it is necessary to use a longer assessment period in order to evaluate the ultimate margins. In summary, overall market conditions in our P&C businesses seem relatively unchanged from last quarter, and we continue to believe that additional rate increases are needed to provide a more adequate margin of safety and broader growth opportunities. Turning now to MI, where the operating environment remains attractive. I will focus my comments on our U.S. primary business, which represents over 80% of that segment. MI pricing appears to have stabilized in the third quarter after the rate changes announced in the first half of this year. The credit quality of loans insured remained strong, and our key risk barometers are still at benign level relative to historical norms. If you have a chance, visit our Arch MI website for a full housing and mortgage market report, called the HaMMR report. It will give you a good idea of why we remain confident of the health of the U.S. housing market. In short, due to the factors I just discussed, we like the visibility in the future performance of our U.S. mortgage insurance business. Our U.S. MI new insurance written or NIW was strong again at $21.4 billion, a 21% increase over the same quarter last year. In the third quarter, higher loan-to-value or LTV mortgages with greater than 95 LTVs grew slightly as a percentage of our NIW to about 15%. Credit quality, as indicated by FICO, remains high across our risk in force with an average score of 743. We remain underweight relative to the market in the greater than 95 LTV and the higher DTI products. Our single premium policies remain low at 7% of NIW this quarter versus the industry average of roughly 15%. In the current rising interest rate environment, monthly premium products should continue to produce better risk-adjusted returns over time. The persistency of our monthly policy has increased to 82% in the third quarter and supports the allocation of more capital to the monthly products. In addition, to maintain a credit quality of our in-force book, we increased our protection for mortgage tail risk by completing our second and third Bellemeade risk transfers to the capital market this year, where we have become a regular issuer. Insurance-linked notes enhanced the level and the predictability of our expected returns. As far as the new MRT programs with the GSE, the IMAGIN and EPMI facilities, they have begun to generate business. Momentum is building slowly as banks develop new systems to handle the programs. More on that later. Now briefly with respect to our investment operations. Higher yields available in the financial markets and growth in invested assets led to a 21% increase in net investment income in the third quarter. We remain underweight, both credit and interest-rate risk, given the rising rate environment. Finally, a few words on capital and risk management. Share repurchases by Arch are typically light in the third quarter, and this quarter was no different. While we repurchased some shares this past quarter, we have been working on a few opportunities to deploy our capital into our businesses, and we will let you know if and when these opportunities come to fruition. As to risk management, for the reasons I mentioned earlier, our property cat exposures remain at historically low level with our 1-in-250-year peak zone at 5% of tangible common equity at the end of the third quarter. For our mortgage segment, as of September 30, our realistic disaster scenario declined, as growth in the insurance in-force was more than offset by the capital relief from the Bellemeade transactions and the continuing runoff of pre-2019 business. With regards to PMIERs, which applies to our primary U.S. mortgage insurance business as of September 30, 2018, Arch was -- Arch MI was at 151% of the current GSE capital requirements. Arch required assets exceed both the current sufficiency ratio known as PMIER 1.0, and the revised GSE required asset as proposed under PMIERs 2.0, which is to be effective on March 31, 2019. With that, I will turn it over to François.
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. Let me jump right in and give you, all, some comments and observations on our results for the third quarter. Consistent with prior practice, these comments are on a core basis, which corresponds to Arch's financial results, excluding the other segment, i.e., the operations of Watford Re. In our filings, the term consolidated includes Watford Re. After-tax operating earnings for the quarter were $242.3 million, which translates to an annualized 11.4% operating return on average common equity and $0.59 per share. On a year-to-date basis, our annualized operating ROE also stands at 11.4%, a solid result in light of challenging conditions in the P&C sector. Book value per share was $21.15 at September 30, a 2.3% increase from last quarter and a 6.4% increase from 1 year ago, despite the impact of higher interest rates on total returns for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis. Moving on to operations. Losses from 2018 catastrophic events, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums were $58.2 million or 5 combined ratio points. While these losses were predominantly the result of Hurricane Florence hitting the Carolinas, we were also impacted by other events across the globe, including in Typhoon Jebi in Japan. As for Hurricane Michael, while we are still early in the process of reassessing our exposure to this event, we believe the impact to our insurance and reinsurance operations will be in the range of $40 million to $60 million on a pretax basis, given the information available at this time. As for prior period, net losses are a development. We recognized approximately $77.6 million of favorable development in the third quarter or 6.7 combined ratio points compared to 5.1 combined ratio points in the third quarter of 2017. All segments were favorable, led by the mortgage segment with approximately $38 million favorable, the reinsurance segment at $33 million favorable and the insurance segment contributing $7 million. This level is higher than in recent periods, primarily as a result of the significant favorable development observed in our first lien portfolio in the mortgage segment, where cure rates this year continue to be materially higher than long-term averages and expectations. The calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was 80.1%, while the core accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, improved to 81.8%, down 260 basis points from last year's third quarter. The insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 100% -- 100.2%, slightly higher than the comparable 2017 level as a result of elevated attritional claim activity across a small number of lines, slightly offset by lower operating expenses, resulting primarily from lower compensation costs. In comparing the quarterly acts of the year results, it should be noted that the reported results can be subject to noise due to random occurrences of that can take place in the lines of business we operate in. Just as we reported that our results last quarter were enhanced by the lower frequency of large non-cat claims, the opposite result materialized this quarter. In order to detect trends in the performance of our units, we tend to focus on trailing 12-month analyses to remove some of the noise that we see from quarter-to-quarter. The reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, stood at 92.5% compared to 96.9% on the same basis 1 year ago. As we discussed in the prior call, the combined ratio in the quarter 1 year ago was impacted by a large retroactive reinsurance contract. Given the nature of our book and the impact certain large transactions may have, fluctuations of quarterly results are not unusual and should be expected. The expense ratio benefited from the reduction in federal excise taxes of $2.3 million or 0.8 points, as a result of the cancellation of certain intercompany property casualty quarter share agreements effective January 1, as discussed in prior calls. This item will continue to impact comparisons of 2018 to 2017 results. The mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved by 410 basis points from the third quarter of last year as a result of the continued strong underlying performance of the book, particularly within our U.S. primary MI operations. The calendar quarter loss ratio of 3.2% in the third quarter of '18 compares favorably against the 12.8% in the same quarter of 2017 due to substantially lower delinquency rates. 570 basis points of the difference or $17.1 million, is attributable to increased favorable prior development, while an additional 280 basis points of the difference or $8.3 million is attributable to favorable development on 2018 delinquencies, due to very strong cure activity in the period. The expense ratio was at 21.4%, slightly higher than in the same period 1 year ago as a result of a higher level of acquisition expenses due to increased amortization of deferred acquisition costs. These figures highlight the contribution to our pretax underwriting income from the mortgage segment, which remains strong this quarter. After allocating corporate items such as investment income, interest expense and income taxes to each segment, the mortgage segment's contribution to our 2018 year-to-date net income decreases to approximately 70% of the total after normalizing our results for catastrophic activity. Total investment returns for the quarter was a positive 31 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis and a positive 37 basis points on a local currency basis. These returns were impacted by the effects of higher interest rates on investment-grade fixed income securities, with marginally higher returns on alternative investments and non-investment grade fixed income.  During the quarter, we continued to shift our allocations away from municipal bonds and into corporates due to relative valuations. The investment duration was substantially unchanged on a sequential basis at 2.94 years. Operating cash flow on a core basis was a strong $543 million in the quarter, reflecting the solid performance of our units. Lower levels of claim payments and higher levels of investment income received explained most of the increase over the same quarter 1 year ago. The corporate effective tax rate in the quarter on pretax operating income was 11.8%, and reflects the benefit of the lower U.S. tax rate, the geographic mix of our pretax income and a 190 basis point expense from discrete tax items in the quarter. As a result, the effective tax rate on pretax operating income, excluding discrete items, was 9.9% this quarter, slightly lower than the 10.4% last -- late last quarter. As we look ahead to year-end 2018, we currently believe it's reasonable to expect that the effective tax rate on operating income will be in the range of 9% to 12%. As always, the effective tax rate could vary, depending on the level and location of income or loss and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. With respect to capital management, our debt to total capital ratio was 16.6% at September 30, and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 23.5%, down 290 basis points from year-end 2017 and 520 basis points from year-end 2016 when we closed the UGC acquisition. As for share repurchases, we repurchased 414,000 shares during the third quarter at an average price of $26.48 per share and an aggregate cost of $11 million under our Rule 10b-5 plan that we implemented during our closed window period. Since the start of the fourth quarter, we have purchased an incremental 575,000 shares at a cost of $15.3 million. Our remaining -- our revision, which expires in December 2019, now stands at $247 million after consideration of the share repurchases made through October 30. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners.
Geoffrey Dunn: I guess, first, could you update the RDS number for the MI business? And specifically, can you give us what the gross RDS is, and then the net RDS after all the ILN benefits?
François Morin: Well, I mean, we don't -- I mean, we do the gross and -- we just -- we focus on the net, because there's a lot of moments there and there's a lot of reinsurance protection, as you know, that comes into play. The court number is just at about $1 billion, net of all the protections we have.
Marc Grandisson: So, it's 13%, Geoff.
Geoffrey Dunn: And is there any way for us to try to back into gross number?
Marc Grandisson: Not really. From just talking to you, I guess, at some point, we might want to talk to it through it, but it's not very easy manageable, I guess, on a call like this.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay. And then with respect to managing capital on the MI platform, as you consider both regulatory limitations on dividends and just overall surplus until contingency starts releasing, is it possible to manage to an efficient cushion on a proforma 2.0 basis, as a recurring ILN assure?
François Morin: I just want to make sure -- I mean, the question, in a sense -- a cushion, yes, I mean, just typically, we certainly want to have a question above PMIERs 1.0 or 2.0. We don't think it's prudent to run a business right at PMIERs, whatever that is. So no question that, yes, as you saw, the PMIERs ratio did go up this quarter, driven by the new Bellemeade transaction we closed on in the third quarter. We're in the middle of discussions and planning around how we can extract some of that excess capital from the regulated entity, regulated mortgage entities and see what we can do with that.
Marc Grandisson: Two things to add to this. Geoff, I think that the Bellemeade transaction, as you know, are, by and large, so far, been backward looking. So you really only know after you've accomplished, so you realize them. So your question assumes that you're going to have the same level of execution in the market going forward on a guarantee, or somewhat guarantee basis, which we don't look as the case. But having said all of this, you also have opportunities that may develop, over time, in the marketplace that might mean more need for capital. And that also will cause, sometimes, delay or it's not a very immediate release of capital, as you know, with the regulatory entities in the U.S., we have to be careful and it takes a lot of wild to go through the capital management because of all these constituencies out there.
Geoffrey Dunn: It sounds like maybe it's a little too early to ask the question.
François Morin: Well, I mean, we're working on it. The answer is, it's a fact, we closed on the transactions and as you know, it takes time to get approvals. That's what I've done, and that's really what we're -- the first thing we need to do for an annual -- once -- if and when we get those, then we'll be -- we'll have more flexibility in what we can do with it.
Operator: Our next version comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: My first question, just to follow up with Jeff on the MI business. It looks like last 2 quarters, your underlying combined ratio is running at high 30s, given the strong credit environment, and that's compared with last year, probably in the mid-40s. I just wonder if the credit environment remain stable, will that be a sort of a reasonable run rate for that business or other sort of like a minus/plus, like it could impact that core combined ratio going forward?
Marc Grandisson: So Kai, all moving parts that are very -- there's a lot of things going on. If anything else change, you're quite right that we should expect to have a very similar combined ratio. That's on a -- just based on the credit quality of the borrowers, it's still extremely good out there. So yes, that we would expect, if everything else being equal, which is never is, right, we still need house price to go up, with still unemployment remaining low and mortgage rates not increasing dramatically or in a significant way. So there's a lot of things that need to happen for this to be -- for the shorter term, yes, we would expect this to be a sustainable combined ratio.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. And then switch to the reinsurance side. We have heard a lot of sort of new demand in the marketplace since the cash [indiscernible], as well as this year's cat activity is not quite. It's not like as large last year, but we have some adverse development from last year's expense as well. So what's your outlook for January renewals? If you can talk both on the property cat side and as well as ongoing, sort of, like pricing on the casualty side as well.
Marc Grandisson: So let me take the property cat. I mean, it's still early, right? We're a couple of months before the renewal of the January 1s. The market is still flushed with capital. So there's a couple of things going on there that brings a lot of dynamic as we get towards 1/1. Based on our results, the losses that we've seen over the last 2, 3 years, we would expect it to be at least -- there should be at least some price increase to recognize the fact that the long-term average -- the short-term average is probably not going in the favor of the insurance companies and the reinsurance companies. So we would expect that to have an influence on the renewals but however capacity is plentiful and there's a lot of alternative capital that could come and change it. So we'll have to wait and see what happens. It's not a clear-cut answer from that perspective. On the casualty side, it's a very tough place to be. The result from the casualty, we're not a big casualty reinsurance player. What we see -- what you see in our casualty segment is not at all the GL, the general liability or the traditional casualty reinsurance. We still feel this is too competitive for our own case. The fact that people want to buy more reinsurance might indicate to me that there's a lot -- there are -- there's a willingness and a desire to share or at least to deemphasize the risk that is inherent in that portfolio. So we'll be very cautious in the way we are going about running that business. We're not as optimistic about the casualty market as people would be out there.
Kai Pan: Okay. Last one you made the primary insurance side. So you mentioned attrition loss is higher. Could you quantify that for the quarter? And also, you mentioned, the business results have been close to breakeven, and you have mentioned about 95% long-term outlook, and how quickly we can get there?
Marc Grandisson: Not soon enough, right? I mean, that will be the right answer. I think that we've seen the trailing 12-month combined ratio, hovering around 99% this quarter, yet did have large attritional losses. I think it's 2 to 2.5 points impact on the quarter, which would have put this quarter in line with the other ones. But on a trailing 12 months, we're pretty much at the 99% number. And this is the one that we tend to focus on. Any one quarter does not make a trend. And as you'll remember, we had large losses on reinsurance last quarter that we didn't have in this quarter. We had it in insurance. So there's a lot of volatility going around those -- given the specialty lines that we write. I think that we also look at this in the sense of the overall market being softer and conditions not strengthening any better, with some rate increase. It just makes us be that much more prudent. When there's a large loss that comes in, most of the time, ID&R would be made up -- would be there to make up for that loss, but we tend to take a more conservative approach to this and maybe not fully take a -- may not take the full impact on the ID&R and remain the -- leave the ID&R at the same level and take the large loss as it comes because we're not sure that the fundamentals are improving as much as we would hope they would be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski: Starting with mortgage insurance. In the prepared remarks, you mentioned that momentum is building for, I think, you said some of the bigger banks to handle some of the adjustable mortgage insurance pricing. Is that, you think, helping you maintain your market share position? Because I think your market share jumped up a lot in 2Q, and I think it still stayed higher than expectations, which is a good thing, this past quarter.
Marc Grandisson: I'm not sure what part of my remarks you mentioned -- you referred to, but the thing about our ability to increase market share and being that relevant to our clients is most of the clients that embraced risk-based pricing are actually the ones who are getting market share in the industry. And that's been a phenomena that's been going on for several quarters. So yes, by virtue of us being -- there's much more nimbleness, if you will, the more in the nonbank loan originators than there are in the larger banks out there, and I think that for the first -- for the recent quarters, I think there's been a recognition that the larger banks might be losing market share to those nonbank loan originators and RateStar actually works much better for those loan originator and actually helps them win business. So that's actually helping us grow market share or maintain our market share, at the very least.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, that's a good nuance to know. Sticking with mortgage insurance, I know this is probably difficult, but is there any way to -- that we could maybe try to size up how to measure how much could be left in terms of like a pace of reserve releases if the cure rates continue to be definitely lower than historically? I mean, I guess, I don't know if you're using a 2-year average or 3-year or a 10-year historical average. I'm assuming you're not just assuming the rates that we've seen in 2017, '18, kind of overlay on the entire portfolio. But just kind of a curse, if there's anything we can look at to better understand and size up how that could trend, if things do stay good for the foreseeable future, as you kind of mentioned in your prepared remarks in terms of your outlook for MI?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I'll say a couple of things on that. First, I mean, yes, delinquency rates are at very low levels. So we don't think they're going to go much lower than that. But the reality is the performance has been very, very good. As you know, the reserving methodology in the mortgage segment is very much more of a mechanical prescribed exercise. There's a lot less flexibility in the mortgage segment than there might be in the P&C side. So if the delinquencies are there, yes, we can put up reserves for it. And if they're no longer there or they cure, the reserves come down. So it's -- there's no in between. Is it delinquent? Is all delinquent? Yes or no. And from there, the models we've built produced the estimates we carry or the reserves we have in the books. So to answer your question, I think maybe there's a bit more to go, but I think to be honest, it's been -- the level that we saw in this quarter have been extremely high and probably higher than any of us here expected. So if it happens again next quarter, well, I'd be surprised. I'm not saying it can't happen, but it would be a, again, a continuation of very favorable trends that the whole industry is seeing. We're not the only ones, as you know, that are seeing these trends and -- but again, I don't think they'll be -- they're sustainable for an extended period.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, great. And then lastly, just on capital. You mentioned that, looking on -- looking at some new opportunities, I know you guys are always opportunistic and looking at things. Just curious if you can give us a flavor, whether it's primary insurance or reinsurance, or MI, or all of the above, that you're kind of looking at?
Marc Grandisson: It's pretty much all of the above that are possibilities. And I think -- and we'll be communicating with the market as and when we find out, if they do find out and come up to fruition. So yes, the answer is all of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is going back to the discussion on your insurance business. So, obviously, the higher non-cat losses drove the increase in the quarter. But I'm just trying, as we think about going forward, and you guys getting to kind of that 95% target, can you just give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing on the -- with inflation? Anything that you guys are watching out for as you think about setting your picks and as we think about the margin outlook for the business for 2019?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So the trend is a very interesting and important discussion. The problem is nobody will really know what it looks like until 5 or 6 years from now. Historically, trends in the insurance industry has been outpacing the core CPI increase, and we've seen the CPI at about 1.7% to 1.8% over the last 4 or 5 years. And -- which would mean to me that's a trend -- and if you look at the spread over that historically, it was 100 bps above that. So the inflation on claims, for insurance claims is always higher than CPI. I just want to make sure it's clear here. We've seen 250 bps above this over the last 4 or 5 years. So there's a lot of uncertainty on this. We're trying to do two things, right? And one of them is portfolio construction. We try to focus on more primary policies because we think that the excess portfolios will have a lot more uncertainty in terms -- if we turn out to be wrong on the trend in the pricing, the trend is going to impact the excess insurance market a lot more than the primary market. And second, are pricing for those kinds of -- those kinds of trends will give us a range around those trend and putting a cushion that would not wrong -- on the wrong side of the decimals when we actually produce the returns -- the results. There's also other things, at least, that help us. We could buy reinsurance to help us shape around the expected -- the margin. But by and large, it's a give and take and through with the marketplace. And with portfolio construction, and also focusing on the line of business where -- you heard us talk about travel and property, right? Those 2 lines of business would be lines where inflation is a lot less relevant. Because you're going to tend to find out inflation into a year is much quicker than, let's say, an E&S casualty or high excess workers comp.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then in terms of the tax rate, I know there's potential for some changes as we get closer to the end of this year. Do you still think your weight will kind of stay in that 9% to 12% range as we think about 2018?
François Morin: Too early to tell. We think it's not a bad place to start. We're in the middle of planning for 2019, and all I can say is we'll give you more color in -- with the year-end call, I'd say. Once we are into '19, we'll have more visibility on how things are shaping up and the mix of business and what jurisdictions and how we think that'll play out.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then one last question on mortgage. Your market share seems like it might have grown a little bit this quarter. Could you -- maybe, slightly around 25% or a little bit higher. You had been taking that down after the deal, and then it started to come back up earlier this year. I thought you guys kind of got ahead with RateStar than some of the others in just getting your pricing. And so others probably kind of caught up this quarter. So I just want to get a full sense of what's really -- do you see kind of that 25% or so as a share that you would expect to maintain? And how should we think about that going forward?
Marc Grandisson: So first, we don't run the business. As you guys know, on a market share basis, we just provide our rate -- our best foot forward with our rates in our approach to risk-based pricing and try to give good service to our clients and provide them with good products. And at the end of quarter, we count, then we look at where the ships fell, and we just -- then share it what it is. We have no design for market share. We had -- when we do a UG acquisition, we have thought about, we had indicated, we might be lower 20s, fiber to -- some of it was fiber to the singles being less of a relevance -- relevant product, and we have delivered on this. And we like the monthlies. I guess, there's no answer, basically. I don't know where we're going to be. I just know that what we've done this quarter generated x market share, and we're happy with that. I don't know what the future holds.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: There was an earlier call from Genworth who said that they lost a major U.S. customer. I'm wondering how that shapes up in the market, and whether you'll get the same share of a large customer that the rest of the group cater as your market share in such a way that's harder for you to take a big chunk out of that new opportunity, per se?
Marc Grandisson: I think we're in the same market as Genworth from that perspective, right? I mean, there are large customers, and that happens all the time, and that might decide to reallocate between provider of -- providers of mortgage insurance for various reasons. There's no grand design here. I think that this -- it could happen to us, it's happened to them, and we could -- we might be gaining what they lost and vice versa. There's nothing really magical there, Josh. I can't read much into it, much more than this.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And I saw there's decent amount of growth in property, marine, aviation, that's a pretty big catch all for a lot of things in insurance. What's going on exactly?
Marc Grandisson: It's really property. A lot of it came out of the, mostly London, cat-exposed business that went through substantial rate changes, rate increases as a result of the 2017 cat events in areas like Texas and the Caribbean. So this is most of where the increase came from on the insurance side. On the reinsurance side, very seamless story. You'll see that the property also grew dramatically. We have some growth in marine, but it's largely driven by property. And for the record, it's not aviation, just want to make sure we're clear, it's not aviation.
Joshua Shanker: Does this business have a lower normalized combined ratio than the aggregate book? And what I'm getting at is, is this going to cause, 1 year from today, the combined ratio, all things equal, to lower than it is now?
Marc Grandisson: Everything else being equal, it should. I think that, that property cat-exposed insurance or reinsurance business will have a combined ratio of probably 60 to 70, 75, whereas a more or less cat exposed. This is absent in any cat, right? If there's a cat, of course, it be a lot worse, right? So yes, you're right, it will depend on the cat activity in the year. But, all things being equal, your assumption is right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW.
Meyer Shields: You talked a little bit about lower other expenses, I guess, you saw that in reinsurance mortgage and corporate. I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color, really, in terms of the sustainability of the third quarter versus prior 12 months run rate?
François Morin: Well, yes. No question that we look at our expenses. I mean, that's something that we watch very closely. And this quarter just turned out, there's always going to be movements from quarter-to-quarter. So on corporate side, yes, a little bit lower, but I wouldn't read too much into it. Sometimes, it's just timing of some cash payments or what-have-you, some expenses that we have throughout the year, so I wouldn't read too much into that. Some -- the reality on the reinsurance side is -- lower compensation, which is the direct result of the performance of the units. No question that as we accrue bonuses throughout the year, they're based on unexpected ROE, which this year turns out may not be as good as it has been in prior years, and we're adjusting for that. So certainly, you would -- you think that the operating expenses should adjust over time based on the profitability of the units. And there's, the reality is there's also a couple of miscellaneous payments here and there that will move the needle. But again, the message is, yes, we keep looking at it. We're trying to be as diligent and do as good a job, making sure that we're spending in the money in the right places and making the right investments in our people, in our technology, in our systems. But there's no question, there's going to be some movements from quarter-to-quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay. In terms of mortgage, I guess, where he underlying seems to be getting better?
Marc Grandisson: Say it again, Meyer, please. I didn't catch that?
Meyer Shields: I'm sorry. So the other expenses in mortgage insurance declined, I don't know, seems significantly a lot, like $7 million, $7.5 million from the second quarter to the third, and I would maybe expect the better cure rate to drive more incentive comps rather than last year?
Marc Grandisson: That was -- second quarter, we have accrual for a lot of equity-based compensation.
François Morin: Yes, there's a timing of the second to third quarter. Second quarter, historically, what we've done are equity grants and there's a spike there across the board for all units. There's also, depending on whether it is retirement-age people are not, there's a different way of accounting for the grants, but that's really why comparing second quarter to third quarter is something that you got to be careful with. And just to give you a bit of a heads-up, as you plan ahead and maybe on a year overall 12-month period, doesn't make a huge difference, but we're contemplating moving the equity-based awards from the second quarter to the first quarter, so -- next year. So that might -- again, we'll give you more color when and if we get there, but that's a possibility we're exploring right now to make those all in the first quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's very helpful. And then bigger picture question, I guess, for Mark. If you would isolate insurance segment casualty pricing, I guess, what are you seeing in terms of rate increase accelerating, if at all?
Marc Grandisson: Whether they do or not -- most of the rate increases we've seen in casualty over the last 2 or 3 years were led by commercial auto. And it's still very hard to get significant rate increases outside of that. I think, as you know, Meyer, that is slowing down. I'm not judging whether it should or not. But I think that we're seeing that the rate increases are slowing down. And because they're going through 2 or 3 years of significant rate increase, we still are able to push rate increase in some of the E&S casualty. There are some auto exposure. But if you don't have auto exposure, it's still not clear that you can get those rate change accelerate or getting higher. And again, I think the rate on the E&S casualty will react and will start to accelerate when and if we see losses emerging. We believe we will, but we've been wrong before so -- but since the downside of being wrong is too painful, we'd rather take a pause and take a step back and just wait for that [indiscernible].
Operator: And I am showing no further questions from our phone lines. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. We understand that there were some technical problems at the start of our webcast, and we apologize for that inconvenience. There'll be a complete replay of the call available on our website within 2 hours by 2:00 p.m. Eastern. Again, happy Halloween. Thank you very much for listening and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Marc Grandisson - President and CEO François Morin - CFO
Analysts: Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Michael Phillips - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Ian Gutterman - Balyasny
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2018 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessment and assumption and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the Company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company's earnings press release and is available on the Company's Web site. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. François Morin. Sirs, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning, to you all. We were pleased with the results across our platform this quarter as our MI segment continued to produce outstanding results while slightly improving conditions in our P&C operations and higher investment yield helped to produce an annualized operating ROE of 11.6% and an increase in book value per share to $20.68. As you may know we believe that an opportunistic approach to underwriting and active capital and risk management will produce higher risk adjusted returns over time. As a result of this dynamic allocation of capital, we may be underweight or overweight in certain segments or areas of the markets at any point in time. Our MI focus right now is exhibit A of the strategy and we believe that the current level of returns available in the MI space justifies the deployment of additional capital there. In our P&C businesses, market conditions seem to be improving modestly. In most of our insurance lines, rate increases appear to be outpacing claim trends. However, in assessing how this will ultimately impact margins, there are several issues with estimating insurance margins that temper our current market view. First, the calculation of trend is based on past experience while actual trend is dependant on future circumstances, which in many lines means looking several years out. Second, at the center of rate adequacy projections is an implied perfect knowledge of the current loss estimates. As we all know, loss reserving in our industry is a cumulative result of self-graded exams and it can take several years for the truth to emerge. Third, rate changes as reported do not capture new business return or the effects of most changes in terms and conditions. Due to these uncertainties and factoring in the record level of capacity currently in the business, we remain cautious in our underlying posture. With that said, let me provide some color on our P&C premium volume for the second quarter. First, bear in mind that the increase in P&C net premium written was magnified by FX movements, which represent about 30% of the increase in net written premium. In our insurance segment, more than 60% of the growth in net written premium was due to rate increases and the balance was from exposure growth. On the line of business basis, the increase was the result of our ongoing efforts in travel, programs, as well as from recent market opportunities in property. We decreased premium again this quarter in the more commoditized lines such as general liability and D&O due to the highly competitive environment. In our reinsurance segment, net premium growth was generated primarily from property other than property cap growing slightly consistent with our view of conditions in our primary insurance. Of note, net property cap writings were down as most rate levels were below our risk adjusted return requirements. With respect to our P&C underwriting results on which Francois will provide additional details in a moment, there is one topic, which I think is particularly noteworthy. Large attritional losses affected the results of both insurance and reinsurance, but in the opposite directions. The insurance group benefited from a below average level of such losses while our reinsurance operations were impacted by a higher than normal level, mainly in a facultative area. This demonstrates that the randomness - that there is randomness and lumpiness of when these type of losses occur. You rarely, if ever, get an even distribution of expected losses in a given quarter or year. But over time, specialty businesses such as ourselves can generate good risk adjusted returns if managed properly. Turning now to MI, I'm going to focus on our U.S. primary business, which represents over 80% of that segment. Our U.S. MI production for the second quarter was strong at $19.9 billion a 15% increase over the same quarter last year. About 80% of our primary MI was still written through our RateStar platform. As respects growth from a sequential basis, keep in mind that there are substantial seasonal effects between Q1 and Q2 when home purchases typically peak. Our U.S. New Insurance Written or NIW increase was due to a few additional key factors. First, it's clear to us that MI returns fundamentals are excellent. House price appreciation has been broad and stronger than expected, the quality of credit remains high and our ability to price more finely for many parameters is truly an advantage. Given the strong market conditions, we turn to have been better than anticipated and remain very attractive. Second, we have been successful in our efforts to expand our distribution and producer relationships with both existing and new customers and in a few cases; we were able to close some large transactions that was attractive from a return standpoint to bring some lumpiness to our NIW in the quarter. Third, the capital and risk management tools that we have put in place namely the Bellemeade transactions provide additional downside protection and reduce the volatility of our expected returns in MI. For the second quarter, RateStar again directed our production away from lower return products such as singles to borrow monthly's as singles production declined from to 6% from 9% in the first quarter. Higher loan to value and debt to income products represented a slightly larger share of our NIW in Q2 but we remain underweight in those areas relative to the market. This growth was opportunistic and occurred partly due to the response by our competition to the rapid shift in mix that occurred in the first quarter. Market pricing at this point appears to have stabilized after the activity of the last few months. Before I move on from MI, I want to update you on recent developments regarding the pilot programs with the GSEs imagine an EPMI, they are still in their infancy and there was no significant NIW in the second quarter. We will keep you posted as to their progress on future calls. Briefly with respect to our investment operations, we increased our duration slightly as we moved money out of cash equivalents to predominantly two to five year treasury instruments. In addition the current interest rate environment has and will improve net investment income for the next several quarters. Finally, a few words on capital and risk management, we repurchased a significant number of shares in the second quarter, Francois will give you the details but it is worth repeating that share repurchase is yet another way for us to manage and allocate capital. Now to risk management, our property cat exposures remain at historically low levels with our one and 250 year peak zone at only 5% of tangible common equity at the end of second quarter. For our mortgage segment as of June 30, 2018 exposures under our realistic disaster scenario declined last quarter as growth in insurance in force was more than offset primarily by the capital relief from the Bellemeade transaction and a run up of the pre-2009 business. Perspectively, we believe that regulatory capital as defined by the PMIERs represent a more conservative capital requirement as of June 30, 2018 Arch MI was up 134% of the current PMIERs and although we are unable to discuss the proposed changes to PMIER 1 that will create PMIERs 2.0, we do not believe that the proposed changes will have a material impact on our capital position and that our estimated available assets will continue to exceed the required assets as proposed on the PMIERs 2.0. With that, I will turn it over to Francois.
François Morin: Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. I'm pleased to join the earnings call this morning and to provide more color on our second quarter earnings. As I stated during our recent Investor Day, one of my objectives in this new role will be to keep providing the same level of clarity and visibility, the investment community has come to expect from us when analyzing our financials and public disclosures. This practice will remain a key principle of ours. On that note, I will make some summary comments for the second quarter "core basis" which corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding the other segment i.e. the operations of Watford Re whereas the term consolidated includes Watford Re. As you know we affected a three for one stock split on June 20 which impacts per share metrics and comparisons to prior periods. My comments will reflect the latest number of shares after the split which currently stands at approximately 405 million outstanding shares. After tax, operating earnings for the quarter were $242.6 million which translates to an annualized 11.6% operating return on average common equity and $0.59 per share. On a year-to-date basis, our annualized operating ROE increased by 200 basis points since last year that highlighting the improved performance of our operations. Book value per share was $20.68 at June 30 a 1.3% increase from last quarter and a 4.1% increase from one year ago despite the impact of higher interest rates on total returns for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis. Moving on to operations, losses from 2018 catastrophic events, net of reinsurance recoverables and the reinstatement premiums were $14.9 million or 1.3 combined ratio points evenly split between our insurance and the reinsurance segments from a few small events across the globe. As the prior period net losses or development we recognized approximately $60 million of favorable development in the second quarter or 5.1 combined ratio points compared to 6.4 combined ratio points in the second quarter of 2017. This was led by the reinsurance segment with approximately $32 million favorable. The mortgage segment had about $23 million also favorable and the insurance segment contributing $5 million. This level is generally consistent with the recent periods on an aggregate basis and across segments. The calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was down 200 basis points from the second quarter of 2017. While the core acts in that quarter combined ratio executing caps improved 84% down 230 basis points from last year second quarter. The insurance segment excellent quarter combined ratio excluding caps was 98.5% down slightly from the comparable 2017 level mostly due to an improvement in the current year loss ratio of 150 basis points slightly offset by higher acquisition expenses resulting primarily from a mix of business changes. We are pleased with these results but note that a significant portion of the improvement approximately 90 basis points is due to a lower frequency of large non-cat claims which as Marc indicated are by nature are subject to variability from one quarter to the other. The reinsurance segment excellent quarter combined ratio excluding GAAPs stood at 100% even slightly better than the 101.1% on a comparable basis one year ago. In a similar vein to the corresponding period last year our results were impacted by non-cat large property claims. This result serves as a reminder of the volatility some of our businesses can experience from time-to-time. The expense ratio benefited from reductions of operating expenses combined with a larger net on premium base. In addition a reduction in federal excise taxes of $2.6 million or 0.8 points resulted from the cancellation of certain intercompany property casualty quarter share agreements effective January 1 as discussed last quarter. This item will continue to recur for comparisons of 2018 to 2017 results. The mortgage segments excellent quarter combined ratio improved by 380 basis points from the second quarter of last year, mostly as a result of improving trends in the underlying performance of the book particularly within our U.S. primary and my operations. The excellent quarter loss ratio of 15.4% in the second quarter of 2018 compares favorably against the 19.5% in the same order of 2017 due to lower delinquency rates. 3.1 basis points of the difference or $9 million is attributable to favorable development on first quarter of 2018 delinquencies due to very strong cure activity in 2018. The expense ratio was at 22.8% slightly higher than prior period as a result of higher incentive compensation costs. These figures highlight the contribution to our pretax underwriting income from the mortgage segment which remains strong this quarter, however, after allocating corporate items such as investment income, interest expense and income taxes to each segment. The mortgage segments contribution to were 2018 year-to-date net income decreases to approximately 65% of the total. Total investment return for the quarter was a negative 19 basis points on a U.S. dollar basis but was a positive 33 basis points on a local currency basis. These returns were impacted by the effects of higher interest rates on investment grade fixed income securities, partially offset by positive returns on alternative investments and non-investment grade fixed income. The investment duration was 2.89 years as at June 30, up sequentially from 2.6 years at March 31, as a result of the shift in our portfolio from short-term commercial paper primarily into treasury where we saw more attractive investment opportunities. Also, during the quarter we continue to shift our position from municipal bonds into corporate due to improved relative evaluations. Corporate expenses $6.6 million lower than in the prior year as a result of retirements and departures of senior executives. The corporate effective tax rate in the quarter on pre-tax operating income was 9.8% and reflects the benefit of the lower U.S. tax rate, the geographic mix of our pre-tax income and a 60 basis point benefit from discrete items in the quarter. As a result, the pure effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income excluding discrete items was 10.4% this quarter, identical to last quarter's rate. As we look ahead to year-end 2018, we currently believe it's reasonable to expect that the effective tax rate on operating income will be in the range of 9% to 12%. As always, the actual full-year effective tax rate could vary depending on the level and location of income or loss, and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. With respect to capital management, our debt to total capital ratio was 16.9% at June 30, and debt plus preferred to total capital ratio was 23.0%, down 250 basis points from year-end 2017 and the 480 basis points from year-end 2016 when we closed the UGC acquisition. This leverage reduction is driven mostly by the redemption of $250 million from our revolving credit facility in the quarter. As for share repurchases, we repurchased 6.4 million shares during the second quarter at an average price of $26.59 per share and an aggregate cost of 170.2 million under both open market purchases and a Rule 10B5 plan we implemented during our window period. Since the start of the third quarter, we have purchased an incremental 414,000 shares at a cost of $10.9 million. The remaining authorization which expires in December 2019 now stands at 262 million after consideration of their share repurchases through July 30. Operating cash flow on a core basis was 34 million in the second quarter of 2018 down on a sequential basis primarily reflecting the premiums seated for the reinsurance transaction with Catalina General Insurance Limited which we discussed during the last quarter's call. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please check that your line is not on mute.
Mike Zaremski: Hi. Thanks.
Marc Grandisson: Hi, Mike.
François Morin: Hi, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: My first question is regarding the mortgage insurance volumes. It looks like you guys took market share. And you mentioned some lumpiness in the prepared remarks. So I'm just kind of hoping to maybe understand you feel that the market share will be sustained or we should assume a material amount of lumpiness as you said in the comments?
Marc Grandisson: Thank you for the question, Mike. I think first and foremost we do not look at market share as an operating principle. We are just looking at the opportunities as we see them in the marketplace. So what I can tell you is what we saw in the second quarter, which generated those - that production. But I think that the pricing situation in the industry was different as we have gone to the second quarter, and it's changed since then, and it's a lot more stable. So whatever opportunities we have to do what we did in the second quarter may not - keeping being there for the remainder for the year. So it's a really hard question to answer, because I don't know the answer to that.
Mike Zaremski: Does it imply that risk-based pricing is causing more - is part of the reason you are winning some of these deals, or it's separate?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. A large part of our wins was through the RateStar, its ability to more finally price for the risk, and the ability we have to shape the portfolio the way we would want. As I mentioned, we did that more monthly. So it's clearly an advantage, and we think the advantage could probably sustain itself going forward, specifically in light of the loan originators, margin being squeezed. So it represents most likely an ongoing advantage. But their advantage is that we - RateStar has been there for a long time. So yes, we do believe it provides us some advantage.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And lastly, sticking with mortgage insurance; thanks for the comments about PMIERs 2.0 not having that material of an impact. I'm curious, is that because you will get a number of quarters to let the impact, you know - sorry; it's a few quarters before the impact takes place or if it happens today, it wouldn't have a material impact?
Marc Grandisson: Okay. So we are under an NDA, we cannot really talk about the various parameters, but being at 134% and if we tell you that we think we are comfortable, that sort of gives us a rough idea to where we think it's going to land. That's a good change. They will lay their final determination between now and I believe the end of the third quarter, which will be implemented in 2019. And those comments, Mike, I would tell you have been echoed by our competitors as well. And I think it speaks to the health of the results and the returns, and the profit that have been generated by the platforms in the MI industry.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Marc Grandisson:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning.
Marc Grandisson: Hi, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, François, you said the tax rate was going to be 9% to 12% this year. Is that the right level that we should use in 2019 and onward as well?
François Morin: It's a good question. Thank you for that. I would say we don't have the answer right now. Certainly as you know, we can't sell some intercompany quota share agreements at the start of 2018. We are re-evaluating those on an ongoing basis. Certainly as we get into a 2019 planning exercise, which is underway now, we will have more clarity on that throughout - internally in the third and fourth quarter. So at this point, it's a bit - and we don't know certainly the B tax as you know, goes up from 5% to 10% next year, so that will have potentially some impact, but we have certainly a couple of things we can look at that we will look at a couple of tools in our toolbox that hopefully will, you know, we will try to obviously minimize our tax liability, but we really don't really have a view at this point of what 2019 is going to look like.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you. And then, on capital return, you guys - the share repurchase picked up in the quarter, obviously at the start of the quarter your stock was trading at a cheaper evaluation and where it sits today, I know you guys have your metric and you look at the payback period as you think about share repurchase. So how does the higher evaluation today change your philosophy around share repurchase in conjunction with the fact that we are now also approaching Peak 1 season?
François Morin: Yes. Couple of points on that, I don't think it really changes how we think about things. Historically, as we said - we said in the past week, we typically don't buy back stock in the third quarter, although we are not really a big cap player anymore. So that's really not something that worries us as much as it might have as a percent of equity going years back. And we have said it many times, we are always looking at opportunities that comes to us in terms of potential small transactions and that's a factor in how we look at share repurchases and buybacks. And there is couple of things we are working on right now. So we don't really have a definitive view on how the rest of the year is going to look for share repurchases, but to answer your main question, I think is that I don't think it really changes our view even in light of the slightly higher share price that we are currently experiencing.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you. And then my last question, going back to mortgage, and maybe this ties some of the questions that Mike was asking as well, but do you think part of the reason that maybe the NIW did grow so much sequentially, were you guys able to lower the pricing variables in your RateStar engine ahead of some of the other changes made by the other primary MIs and their pricing grids and you think maybe that led to higher NIW that might not be sustained, are you able to kind of pinpoint any kind of impact on specifically to your RateStar engine that might have had on the NIW?
Marc Grandisson: I think your assessment is a very fair assessment.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Michael Phillips: Thanks, good morning everybody. I want to drill little bit more down on the expense ratio for the two segments insurance and reinsurance, kind of going in different directions, higher acquisition expenses in insurance from exchanges and then if you back out the excise taxing and reinsurance, it's still pretty good improvement in reinsurance, so kind of if you take those two separately kind of just what do you see leveling off continued improvements in reinsurance here 25, 26 low, I don't know if that's going to continue and then insurance kind of what is that peak?
François Morin: Yes, thanks for the question. Let me start and sort of Marc will chime in. The way we certainly look at in totality, so the geography of loss ratio versus expense ratio, we look at it but it's not the primary factor we look at, we look at the totality of the combined ratio, if we focus on the Insurance segment certainly in the quarter, we grew into some areas that have are expected while we will have little loss ratios at the expense of a higher acquisition expense ratio. So there's a bit of a trade-off here we're seeing a lower loss ratio against and counted it out as higher expense ratio and it's a similar story in the reinsurance although re-insureds is a bit more opportunistic, we have fluctuation from one quarter to the next on what kind of deals we write, what actually ends up coming to financials but certainly in the few instances, we have some agreements and share agreements where there's a sliding scale commission where you wills see that the loss ratio is a bit lower or if it's high mean vice versa but it's lower we will have the higher slightly higher expense ratio. So it's a similar story that we look at it in totality and there is going to be movement between the components, correct.
Michael Phillips: Okay, great, thank you. That's good, I guess if I could drill a little bit further down from your commentary in the press release on the reinsurance development, you talk about short term business and the recent accident years or recent underwriting years and then the longer term, the longer term piece of that, longer term business from earlier years, can you talk about kind of where that is not just in years but I mean the sub-segments, the lines of business that we're driving that longer tail business favorable development?
François Morin: It's mostly all on the casualty sub segment of the reinsurance certain lines of business in the reinsurance segment, as you know we had a fairly sizable part of our business or market proportion of our production was in casualty businesses, casualty business and the early years of ours going back from 2002 all the way to 2008 and 2009 let's say where we reduced our writings on that particular line, so you're still seeing some favorable development coming through from those years and casualty in particular?
Marc Grandisson: I would add to what Francois just said is in the earlier years, it was more we included in the casualty segment, general liability and professional lines. In the early years, we wrote a lot more GL in proportion than we've written recently, so I would think that the more recent releases would come from professional lines in all treaties that we've done and early years still giving us some release from the casualty, the traditional GL portfolio that we wrote as far back as 12 to 15 years from now. We are, obviously we have deemphasized that line of business very heavily over the last 10 years.
Michael Phillips: Great, okay, good. Thank you very much for the comments.
Marc Grandisson: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Marc Grandisson: Hi Josh.
Josh Shanker: Can we talk about production in MI and how much capital that required on the margin from where you were year ago and so when we consider the share repurchase and everything and may be a little bit stagnancy in P&C, how much excess capital are you guys generating per quarter given the consumption elsewhere?
Marc Grandisson: I think that, we see our earnings coming through right and the one thing I will tell you, I don't want to tell so much because of couple of things moving in production the way flow through the portfolio, the Bellemeade transaction that we've put together and we're putting together in program average basis. The roll off of the capital from that we are experiencing and benefiting from predevelopment, the claims that are actually rolling off even in Francois mentioned in the curing and delinquency and frankly Josh they all pointing in the right direction which is we are and that party help to inform, it will help us inform our view about how good and how much of fundamentals, how good the fundamentals are in the business. And I think that we have, we made decision in the past we certainly have committed to embark on that Bellemeade transaction, they're very, very good for us in protecting the downside, they're allowing us to deploy capital in future periods and hopefully we get more excess capital as a result. But we are not running out of ideas in the MI segment, so if anything we're very happy with our production and happy where we are and the effort is to keep on being the same as we see now, we're going to keep on deploying capital there.
François Morin: The one thing I will add to that just as a counter to excess capital is actually persistency is actually trending up and with higher interest rates as you know, we would expect it would have a bigger book, the book sticking longer on the balance sheet which doesn't require the capital. So it's hard for us to know when to say exactly how much excess capital we're producing on a quarterly basis certainly something we look at, I want to say after the fact not before the quarter starts but that's certainly an important part that we have to be aware of as it is we think the book will stick around for a bit longer and that that just triggers capital requirements that we need to be aware of.
Josh Shanker: Well let me ask the question another way then and I'm not complaining about $170 million share repurchase but what tells you okay let's stop but how do you know that, how did you are filling the side that you've done enough or I mean was just like you closed out, what was the trigger that you knew how much you want to purchase at what time, I guess is what I'm asking.
François Morin: Well some of it's the price, I mean some of it is the closed window, so certainly bought back some stock in the quarter. From June 15, we have to implement 10-b5 plan, we set some guidelines in place, we passed them on to the broker and we have to just watch on the sidelines and see what they were going to execute on that, so we gave them the authorization, they filled that, they worked with the parameters of the 10b-5 plan but I don't think, I know it's black and white line on when we stop and when we keep going and the other thing you got to remember is we also wanted to reduce our leverage. So we paid down $250 million of the revolving credit facility which is one of our objectives as well, we want to bring down the leverage, we want to regain the flexibility we had before the UGC acquisition and so those are really two things that go hand in hand that we want to manage through and we think we're on the right path.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Well, thanks for the answers, and I look forward to the remainder of the year.
François Morin: Thanks Josh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick [indiscernible] from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Dunn: Hi, it's actually Geoff Dunn.
François Morin: Hi, Geoff.
Geoffrey Dunn: I want to revisit the MI capital question, your position is by far the biggest in the industry right now and given your comfort with 2.0, what is the prospect for a dividend out of that platform in the back half of the year?
François Morin: It's something we look at, no question that we did declare ordinary dividends in the first half of the year which helped us again to reduce the leverage, pay down the revolving credit facility. We are also, there is restrictions as you know with the state regulators that there's only so much we can dividend out, so if and when we get to a place where we have to, we want to extract more capital, we may have to go down the route of extraordinary dividends and or return of capital which as you know will require regulatory approval. So it's certainly part of the equation but and the other thing I'll add to that which is a bit of influx is we're still realigning our legal entities with the merger of UGC and Arch MI, there is a bit of more actions we need to take plate, we need to put through there just to have a bit more optimal capital structure within our U.S. regulated entities in the mortgage space. So it's all being considered, we don't have a hard number at this point but we're actually something we look at quarterly with the local board, the local management team and it's part of the overall capital plan at ACGL.
Geoffrey Dunn: Have you submitted a special dividend request to your state regulator?
François Morin: Earlier this year we did and it was approved and something again there's a frequency of interactions you want to have with the regulator, we can't go to them, we got to manage through that but it's certainly something we want to have a fairly systematic way of going in reaching out to them with definitive I want to say views on how the capital requirements what they see as capital requirements. From their own the state regulators versus PMI, there's also differences in how much credit we get for the Bellamy transactions that come into play so there's a lot of factors that, we're working through but you know we don't have a definitive plan of action. I'd say for the remainder of 2018 to go to them at this point.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay. And then two questions on production first your 97 mix has been coming up a little bit fourth quarter first quarter and then more materially this quarter is there anything that's changing on the underwriting basis in that segment that's making you more comfortable or was that you particularly this quarter's gain more due to the unusual pricing that you highlighted before?
Marc Grandisson: So from our perspective, our belief is that we didn't change right if the our view of pricing and risk, appreciation of those risk is probably because the rest of it competition probably put some more extra layers on this enough probably mean that we won a little bit more in that segment, so we increased our share but Jeff as we are still on the way versus the rest of the marketplace and as well I mean to tell you that the production of LTV above 95 grown in the industry, so we're also are on the receiving of this and it's hitting one as a production increase and that segment is probably more and more ability to charge a price to take on the risk.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay and then lastly you mentioned a couple large deals in the quarter are you referring to kind of these pull deals where you're quoting on a pool of whole loans in the aggregate?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, I'm pre-agreeing as the forward commitment. Yes.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay, thanks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is open.
Bob Glasspiegel: Hello, I just want to do dig into the insurance segment you've now had three quarters where you, a small underwriting profit in if you just even if you just for the look, you are hitting the tougher Cat the third quarter but you talk pretty optimistically both sort of the environmental changes, do you think the work you've done in the environment are sufficient to that you can actually get to an underwriting profit look out forward in and start to approach your targeted returns in that segment?
Marc Grandisson: We're certainly working heavily towards that Bob I mean I think you know us we're trying to work towards that, I think we've always worked towards that level. I think that we're probably not I just want to put a little caveat what you said and I think we're cautiously optimistic as to what we've seen terms of margins improving and I think that it will take us some time, we have some improvement I think some of it in their loss ratio but that's from some mention some of it due to mix. In terms of return receipt from improving our returns but we're not declaring for victory yet with global take as a while to really see the results coming through but suffice it to say that there's been an active shift between the businesses that have been going on and it's not of late, so what you see right now on insurance as Bob it is really the sum total of things you've done over the last year and half to two years not up with being right now in allocation to higher return lines of business and we're hopeful that this is the level that will continue and even improve in the future but the future only the future will help us, what happens.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you. For it, what you have a handy there in new money rate for the quarter or current new money rate that you're investing it?
Marc Grandisson: Well, we actually new money rates on the corporate actually exceeded 3% in the last few weeks, so that's good news that's that will help investment income going forward but we're right about like 3.1% in the last 20 days or so.
Bob Glasspiegel: That's well above your embedded yield to investment income as you should continue to accelerate?
Marc Grandisson: Yep.
Bob Glasspiegel: And last question it was the tax rate guidance full-year or second?
Marc Grandisson: Full-year.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank You. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great, thank you. Marc, when you started your comments you mentioned that rates are little bit above loss trends I was hoping to see whether that's the loss trends that you're currently observing or the longer term loss trends that you have been making enterprising and reserving?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, okay so it's a bit of both. That whatever we use in our last run is informed by the data obviously in our future expectations. The Delta I think significant is a 150 or 125 but Meyer it's been only that margin has only been is a quarter or two with fact hasn't been a consistent no pickup in trend or in rate over the last trend, that we would expect to really start growing book of business. And so it's a very it's an art more than science at this point I'm specifically for the more recent accent year, takes a really long time to have a clear view of what's happening and frankly we will know until five or 10 years from now and what we're looking for more is margin of safety between the last trend and the rate change. And this clearly is not we don't believe it's deficient enough at this point in time in most lines of business in someone like property were really getting way about trend and that helps inform our position in allocating capital and getting a more known better assurance that ROE expectations is going to be there and we're able to meet it.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thanks. Related question on the casualty lines are this I guess different views from different executives right now but whether there is an uptick in claim frequency in lot of casualty lines I was hoping you tell us what you're saying?
Marc Grandisson: But we're seeing frequency not increasing dramatically but we're not seeing decreasingly and the problem with frequency Meyer that you're an, that as well as I do is that the frequency to look back estimate takes a long time for the true losses to emerge, so we have seen some rate frequency decreases. I would be of the mind and most of us are to be of the mind that some of it is due to looking back at to a lower economic environment, lower activity over the last 10 years and carrying on doing a projection in the future. I'm reminded that the workers' comp years in 93, 94, 95 when things were being extracted frequency going down very heavily and there was just a matter of time before top picking up again and another line of business of more recent experiences is auto liability, it was looking pretty good in frequency and a frequency shut up over an 18 months to 24 month period, so I'm worried about the small sense of security of ongoing frequency be decreased especially in light of an economy that has a lot of friction, a lot of pickup in it and lot of steam in it.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Meyer.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, Thanks a couple questions. First one just curious pickup in property business you're seeing on your insurance side. I know you talk about some of that's rate but then also adding some new business there, what do you see as the attraction right now on the property business that is that area you think that it rates well in excess of trend, What's going on there?
Marc Grandisson: So rate, yes, we believe rate is an excess of trend. There's also the rate on our ENS portfolio which is more to ENS portfolio player it's not the global property side over the small commercial that we see some of that in certain areas but buying large the ones that have ENS in nature including the London business. We're seeing rate increases because of dislocation in the marketplace, some players have been to hurdle that been some question as to where the viable book of business, so the opportunities to slide in and able to seek opportunity. On the reasons because I want to mention on this world-wide it doesn't matter there are also opportunities that arise because of some placements not being finalized and we're able to pick and choose some faculty replacement that are to just complete the quilt of coverage that no larger risk would have to do to play, so there's a little bit of a shrinking of capacity in the space specifically on the ENS have property it's an 8% trend, 8% to 9% rate increase but it is one long area where we have, we think some terms and conditions getting better, actually working towards as the nation's carriers and as I say in my notes. We like to see rate increases going up one way in terms of conditions following soon meaning giving us an extra kick up and we believe this is what's going on in the property although it's not widespread, we have to pick and bought but it's certainly what we've seen in the business that we write.
Brian Meredith: Right. And then next question, Marc, at Investor Day it was talk a little bit about maybe some initiatives to try to get the combined ratio down that insurance segment be at expenses be at risk selection and stuff, just maybe an elaborate a little bit on what you're doing to try to consistently maybe improved access. I can't think the return to business that creates when you're sitting here kind of 100 combined ratios of 99 to 100?
Marc Grandisson: Correct. So it's we're really identified it as an area of opportunity but I will take years to develop and the initial things that we've done and we're doing currently right now is there's a little more integration going on for some things such as IT for instance that we think we need to do and then can be done even though we have no multiple platform. So it's a couple of things, integrating services, leveraging some of the overseas employees that we have that are in lower cost jurisdiction and there are some initiatives that we are talking that will be we will be working on going forward to try and decrease it. But I will tell you what happens when they happen and we are give it to - give us ourselves some time to get there.
Brian Meredith: Okay, great. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Welcome, welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thanks. So we are early, is it? I can't even ask you for lunch is yet.
Marc Grandisson: Hi, Ian.
Ian Gutterman: So first, François, thank you for doing the script in a slower cadence that we are used to. That was helpful. So my first question is to follow-up on the tax. Can you talk specifically about why it's coming lower than you expected for the year?
François Morin: Well, thinking about the gone by. I mean no question that when we started the year, there was a lot of uncertainty after the tax reform, trying to figure out. It was all based on plan. So when we gave you the estimates back in February, it was all related to where we saw the profitability of the units and what local jurisdiction they come from. Six months have gone by and now we have a bit more clarity on the actuals and that's what we are just updating. So I can't pinpoint any one particular thing on why it's come down a couple points let's say. It's really more just the fact that we replaced forecast to plan with actuals.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I guess I would have thought - I guess I can turn to my model. It's not your internal model obviously. But I would have thought that the upside in earnings has come more from MI which obviously would be more in the U.S. So I would have thought if anything like the geographic mix would have advised you higher if anything. So I don't know if there were other actions you were taking trying to offset that or…
Marc Grandisson: I mean it's not a big difference. The 21% the tax rate, we get a 50% quarter share on the mortgage book so that brings it down to 10.5 right there. There is - we can do it offline. There is a couple of other things that I think one offs that can move it in different directions. So it's really hard to kind of give you a lot more clarity over this range at this point.
François Morin: And this is the primary U.S. business, Ian. Just for your benefit some of it in the U.S. segment is also with Bermuda which would have a different tax.
Ian Gutterman: For sure, for sure.
François Morin: So, yes.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And then you can give us color on the fac [ph] losses? I mean the dollar amount was about somewhere to last year [indiscernible] is it coming from the same parts of the book bill or is it different parts of the book, or different geographies? Any color you give us on what happened there?
Marc Grandisson: It's different. It's one off. It's a one class of business that we unfortunate - well, I mean one major event that came in for the quarter. We don't see any trend in it. It's really - I mean yes, it's coincidence that is it's happening in the exact same quarter or 12 months later, but other than that, again that we have been very happy with our performance of that book over the years. No question that we are going to look into it some more as we move forward. And does that force us to re-evaluate some underwriting decisions? But at this point, we don't see anything that's really problematic.
François Morin: No, and that loss versus last year they are different in nature. I mean…
Ian Gutterman: Yes.
François Morin: Exactly. It's very different in nature. I mean it's a fire loss, but it is different types of risk, different types of characteristics, different coverage - like a very - different occupancy. And that - yes, it's a very lumpy book of business. As you Ian, we are sitting here having Q on Q loss. We could have five quarters with no losses.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Was this the fire that I maybe read about in the press somewhere that happened call it in an island near Europe?
François Morin: No, that was not that one.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, okay. And maybe just - but I think about see the full-year '17, in fact, I mean obviously there was a bad Q2, but I am just trying to see like what's normal over the course of the year. Well, last year [indiscernible] have normal year or worse than average year, just how should I think about that?
Marc Grandisson: Last year has been a worse than average. I am not - I am not comfortable giving you what we think long term pricing and then returns are that we want to keep it proprietary, but it's shown a very healthy, very profitable book of business. But last year, yes, for - in the 11 years it's been running business for us we are together. It is the one year that sticks out. Everything has been actually below the than long term expected when all years except for that one last year.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I am trying to think about volatility like given this Qs in a row with eight bad quarter, would it be normal to have a quarter like this once every - probably not once every four quarters, once every eight quarters, once every five years? I am trying to get a sense of sort of how unusual the last two Q2 are.
Marc Grandisson: It's a very good question, Ian. I don't know the answer to that.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. Okay, and then just quickly on mortgage.
Marc Grandisson: Sure.
Ian Gutterman: You talked about the environment being healthy. And obviously - I mean that seems fairly obvious. But I guess sort of the incremental news maybe over the last month feels like there is a bit of softness emerging. I know that's maybe more the high end which wouldn't have MI than the broader market. But are you seeing any signs of that? It feels like that may be price has just gone up a little too fast in certain geographies where affordability become an issue?
Marc Grandisson: I won't describe the market as being soft. I would tell you though that the types of risks that find their way to the MI purchase market have a little bit of credit you know, wider than it was possibly three or four years ago. And it's just the nature of the business and the business that we are in. The rates are increasing. That's refinancing. There is more first time home buyers. And there is house price appreciation. So that tends to be higher LTVs and there are more first time homebuyers. And that's - but it's just the nature of what they are, but I would believe - and I think the market and certainly from our perspective with RateStar we believe the pricing is appropriate for those risks.
Ian Gutterman: For sure, I was just wondering - yes, margin affordability was impacting credit at all. So, it doesn't sound like…
Marc Grandisson: Affordability is actually 15% above the long-term trend. So affordability is still decent. It's not all created equally in all cities like San Francisco and other country, but certainly affordability it's still there. The DTI equivalent is about 26. So, it's not that bad.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, perfect, it sounds good. Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from [indiscernible] from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Marc Grandisson: Hi, Ian.
Operator: Please check that your line is not on mute. Again, Sir, please check that your line is not on mute. And I am showing no further questions from our phone line. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Grandisson for any closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, guys. Welcome Francois to the call, and we look forward to talking to you after the wind season. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Marc Grandisson – President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Lyons – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Amit Kumar – Buckingham Research Group Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Geoffrey Dunn – Dowling & Partners Jay Cohen – Bank of America Meyer Shields – KBW Ian Gutterman – Balyasny Ryan Tunis – Autonomous Research Michael Zaremski – Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessment and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on the historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. Mark Lyons. Sir, you may begin.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning to you all. Overall, our first quarter results were excellent and demonstrate the value of our diversified specialty insurance platforms. Before commenting on market conditions, I would review the core tenant that successfully guide us at Arch. Our primary goal is to produce superior risk adjusted returns in order to drive long-term growth and book value per share, while providing customers with quality insurance products. To support this goal, we hold dear a few core principles such as cycle and capital management as well as being intellectually honest about the probability of achieving the risk adjusted returns offered by the marketplace. Our shareholders, policyholders and employees all gained from this approach. Currently market conditions are stable to slightly improving in the P&C arena. Operating margins expanded slightly in insurance in the first quarter while the interest rate environment had lifted expected returns. Despite growth in some niche areas, we remain cautious and do not see a broad based market turn in the near-term given abundant capital across the market. It's important to keep in mind that lost trend is picking and is at best a guess. We will not know for another five years what the recent changes in trend will mean for our P&C businesses. Even though there may appear to be an increase in ROEs, the uncertainty of the impact on – of inflation as well as some of the negative effects of changes in terms of conditions of late hampers our enthusiasm. In our insurance group, underlying the growth in our gross written premium we continue to deemphasize some lines such as casualty, excess D&O and some London market business, all owing to an overly competitive marketplace. Our insurance growth is coming from travel and small to medium enterprise professional lines. In addition premiums increased and loss impacted property lines where rates and returns are improving. In reinsurance, our growth in our European auto quota share in excess of loss as well as property is balanced out by decreases in casualty and D&O. As you can see, our insurance and reinsurance operations are in sync as to where capital needs not to be deployed. Lastly keep in mind that the reported growth in premium was magnified by foreign exchange impact this quarter to the tune of one third of growth in both insurance and reinsurance. Turning briefly to capital management, we entered into a loss portfolio transfer on certain discontinued liability line and program businesses predominately from years prior to 2012. We are no stranger to the run up market and we value what this product can offer. The transaction also included reserve development protection above the carried reserves. We did that transaction with two main objectives in mind. First it will reduce the volatility of future reserve development narrowing the ultimate payments around the level currently expected and second it will enable Nicolas Papadopoulo, who is our new Insurance Group CEO and his team to focus on ongoing projects without being distracted from running of a business no longer core to Arch. Mark will further address this and additional capital management actions in his own comments. Turning now to our other specialty segment, mortgage insurance, it was an active quarter in the press to say the least. We had a great quarter and we are even more convinced that our risk-based pricing framework RateStar is the best way to approach this marketplace. Our new insurance written for the first quarter was $11.4 billion of which 82% was through our RateStar platform. The pricing outlook was looking fairly stable until recently when competitors announced a cut to their rate cards. You will remember our comment on last quarter's call that we expected this reaction. However like you, we did not think it would occur this quickly especially in light of the uncertainty surrounding PMIERs 2.0. We are – as everyone currently evaluating the competitions rate cards and we will decide whether to take action soon. Bear in mind that our production from rate card is less than 20% of our NIW and we believe that RateStar will still attract the better risk even after the rate cuts announced by some in the industry are put into effect. As I mentioned a minute ago, RateStar has proven to be a great way for Arch to enhance risk selection. One example of this is that RateStar steered Arch away from originations in ILTV high DTI products over the last few quarters.  Along with single premium products we purposely remain underway in these higher risk areas. Our expected returns on all U.S. MI business are still in excess of 15%. Of note, we closed another Bellemeade transaction for the second half of 2017 production at tighter spread than the one we did in last year's third quarter. Bellemeade structures provide capital market protection for Arch for deterioration in the mortgage market. Think of it as an aggregate excess of loss covering a cover attaching excess of a 23% loss ratio. Turning now to IMAGIN, the Freddie Mac product announced last month. We believe that this product was an evolution of GSE credit risk transfer and not a revolution. This pilot is still very much in its infancy and we believe it has the potential to do two positive things for us. First it establishes Arch as the go-to innovator in mortgage insurance and second it leverages our underwriting expertise through managing insurance platforms and their-party capital. IMAGIN targets the discounted single LPMI product and it's kept at $2.5 billion of NIW, which is projected to be less than 1% of the expected MI industry production in 2018. In addition this new structure fits our core principle to cycle management and allows us to be a low cost provider in a highly commoditized business environment. Once you factor in the fees and the expense savings, the expected returns are appropriate relative to the risk that we're assuming. Last but not least the new CRT advisory relationship that we have agreed to with Munich Re is yet another example of our ability to leverage our experience and expertise in executing various types of MI risk transfer. On the investment side, we continue to position our portfolio to be flexible and poised to recover quickly from an increase in rate and yet remain liquid enough to allow additional longer-term alternative investments. Our property cat exposures are substantially the same as last quarter with our 1:250 year peak zone to Northeast PML, the largest at 6.2% of tangible common equity. Our RDS for our mortgage instruments driven largely by the U.S. primary exposure is stable at 16.4% of tangible common equity as a result of the growth in insurance in force and the increase in persistency in U.S. primary MI largely offset by the new Bellemeade transaction. We are continuing to refine the RDS for our non-U.S. businesses and we'll report any changes to the current view as they evolve. In closing, book value per share grows to $61.24 at March 31st; strong operating results were partially offsets by the effects of volatility in the financial market. In summary, a good quarter with some very early positive signs in our P&C operations in a continuing well performing MI on the back of conservative, proactive capital and investment management. And now I will turn it to Mark.
Mark Lyons: Great, thank you Mark and good morning to all. I will make some summary comments for the first quarter of 2018 on a core basis and as I say every quarter the term core corresponds to Arch financial results excluding Watford Re or as the term consolidated includes Watford Re. So from a big picture perspective after tax operating earnings for the quarter were $235 million, which translates to an annualized 11.3% operating return on average common equity and $1.69 per share. Book value per share was as Marc just said was $61.24 at the end of the quarter, which represents a 0.5% increase from last quarter and 6.2% increase from one year ago, despite a negative total investment return for the quarter. The diversification of our operating platform and within our investment portfolio, proved invaluable towards increasing book value per share in a very challenging economic and insurance environment. Moving out to operations, core losses recorded in the first quarter from 2018 catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums were $2 million or 0.2 loss ratio point compared to 1.2 percentage points in the first quarter of 2017 on the same basis, approximately evenly split between our insurance and reinsurance segments. As for prior period, pure net loss reserve development approximately $52 million, a favorable development of 4.7 loss ratio points was reported in the first couple of quarters compared to 8.3 loss ratio points in the corresponding quarter of 2017. This was led by the reinsurance segment with approximately $37 million favorable, the mortgage segment at approximately $13 million favorable and the insurance segment contributing $2 million favorable. The reduction in net favorable pure loss development relative to a year ago was driven by a lower level of reinsurance casualty releases and a lesser amount of U.S. mortgage second lien subrogation recoveries and fewer acts in the years contributing to U.S. mortgage’s second lien releases. Net favorable development associated with prior year catastrophic events totaled approximately $12 million this quarter predominantly driven by releases on hurricane Harvey. Before I comment on our individual segment results, I'd like to update you on capital management actions we've taken through the first quarter of 2018. As you recall in the fourth quarter of 2017, we executed roughly $1.4 billion of internal loss portfolio transactions between our U.S. property casualty insurance subsidiaries and our Bermuda operating company. Additionally effective January 1st of 2018, we canceled all internal property casualty insurance and reinsurance in force quota share treaty on a cut-off basis, the net effect of which was to approve the risk-based capital ratios of our relevant U.S. subsidiaries. In future quarters, we will provide updates on any further actions taken. And I will comment on share repurchases later in these comments. On a related topic, as Mark just referenced, it was announced on latter part of April that Arch Re Limited entered into a transaction with Catalina General Insurance Limited inception approximately $400 million of subject reserves were transferred accompanied by an approximate $200 million adverse development cover. Catalina will assume all claims handling responsibilities and the transaction is heavily collateralized to secure Catalina’s obligations with a meaningful margin above 100% of all transferred reserves throughout the life of the contract. It should be noted that although this was a transaction between our Bermuda operating company and Catalina, the underlying exposures emanated from the U.S. Insurance Group. Moving now to more so into operations, the calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was 78.8% identical with the first quarter of 2017 and lower compared to the 82.5% purely for the fourth quarter of 2017. The core accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, improved to 83.2% compared to 86.1% for 2017’s first quarter. The reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, of 93.4%, showed 420 basis points of improvement to the first quarter of 2017’s 97.6% combined ratio. This was driven by expense ratio reductions with a corresponding flat accident quarter loss ratio quarter-over-quarter. The reinsurance segment expense ratio benefited from reductions of operating expenses in a dollar cents combined with larger net earned premium base. In addition, a reduction in federal excise taxes of $2.5 million or 90 basis points due to a reduction from the cancellation of certain intercompany property casualty core share agreements that I've referenced earlier. This benefit will continue to accrue for the remainder of 2018. The insurance segment’s accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 98.7%, up slightly from the 97.8% in the first quarter of 2017 due to higher acquisition expenses resulting from mix of business changes with also a corresponding flat accident quarter loss ratio. However on a sequential basis, this quarter's accident quarter combined ratio improved 100 basis points over the fourth quarter of 2017 largely due to a lower level of reported large attritional losses relative to recent quarters. Moving to the mortgage segment, their accident quarter combined ratio improved to 43.4% from 50.4% in the first quarter of last year as net earned premiums were relatively flat as a percentage of total being approximately 25% to 26% in both quarters. The accident quarter loss ratio of 20.1% in the first quarter of 2018 compares favorably against both the 21.5% ratio in the same quarter of 2017 and 25% ratio in the fourth quarter of 2017. The expense ratio also improved from the 28.9% in the first quarter of 2017 to 23.3% this quarter reflecting the benefit of a full year of integration efforts following the acquisition of United Guaranty Corp. However on a sequential basis, the expense ratio increased to 120 basis points from 22.1%. As we've previously discussed this is driven by an increase in the amortization of deferred acquisition costs remember as at the closing of UGC transaction at prior year end, all deferred acquisition expenses were written off to zero and they're now rebuilding themselves of being amortized into income. Total investment return for the quarter was a negative 32 basis points on the U.S. dollar basis and a negative 40 basis points on a local currency basis. These returns were impacted by the effects of higher interest rates on invested rate fixed income securities and the overall equity market decline, partially offset by positive returns on alternative investments and non-investment grade fixed income. The investment duration was 2.6 years at the end of the quarter down sequentially from 2.83 years at December 31 and down from 3.36 years a year ago, in anticipation of rising interest rates. Also during the quarter, fixed income investments which represent approximately 76% of investable assets saw a tactical shift away from municipal bonds which were reduced by 28% in the quarter and into corporates at AAA backed asset securities – asset backed securities due to improved relative valuations. During the quarter, the company incurred $111 million of pretax net realized losses primarily as a result of the already referenced investment mix shift and included within that realized loss was $18.4 million of unrealized losses in equities under a new accounting principle that requires a recognition in net income of changes in the market value of equities rather than in other comprehensive income. As you know our investment profile continues to be managed on a total return basis and not by component of total returns. The corporate effective tax rate in the quarter on pretax operating income was 9.9% and reflects the benefit of the lower U.S. tax rate. The geographic mix of our pretax income and a 0.5% benefit from discrete items in the quarter mostly stock related. As a result, the pure effective tax rate of pretax operating income excluding these discrete items is 10.4%. As always the actual full year effective tax rate could vary depending on the level and location of income or loss, the level of location of catastrophic activity and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. On a GAAP basis, at March 31, our total debt to total capital ratio was 18.7% and total debt plus preferred to total capital was 25.7% down 70 basis points from year end 2017 and down a nice even 300 basis points from year end 2016 when we acquired United Guaranty. This leverage reduction was due to our growth in common equity and the redemption of the remaining $92.6 million of the Series C 6.75% preferred shares that took place. Associated with this redemption was a $2.7 million non-operating charge to expense the original issue cost of the remaining Series C, which had been held as additional paid-in capital. As for share repurchases at the end of the first quarter under a Rule 10b5 plan, we implemented our share repurchase program during our closed window period and repurchased nearly 40,000 shares at an aggregate cost of $3.3 million. Additional share repurchases have continued into the second quarter and cumulatively totaled $80 million with an average price to March 31st book value of 1.33 x. Our remaining authorization, which expires in December at 2019 at the end of March was $443 million and considering the share repurchases made through April 30th now stands at $366.5 million. Also during the quarter, AIG completed the conversion of all their remaining convertible preferred shares issued as part of the UGC acquisition resulting in the issuance of approximately 5.7 million common shares. You may recall that these shares were considered common stock equivalents in 2017, so the conversion in the quarter had no impact on earnings per share or book value. Operating cash flow on a core basis increased to $370 in the first quarter of 2018 compared to $122 million for the same period in 2017, reflecting the growth in premiums written in 2018, a smaller level of operating expenses in UGC transaction costs and a $52 million tax refund received. With these introductory comments, we are now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you. Good morning. My first question is on the MI business that’s given the competitive pricing cut as well as with new pilot program, what do you think about the return of the best says going forward versus your prior expectations?
Marc Grandisson: So the current returns are in excess of about 15% which we indicated in the past and are still believe that is the case. After we look at the price – the price cuts that were announced by one of the major competitors, and they actually sent around a sheet that explains how they get to – how they’re factoring the tax changes. The returns are still in that area, still about 15% despite those rates and that’s what we would expect it to be. Having said all of this, not everything is created equally. We are going to be looking very carefully at our RateStar framework and see whether we need to make a few changes and as well as looking at a rate card changes that took place. It's still a very, very good marketplace. Overall, the credit quality is still very, very high. So we are not changing fundamentally the level of returns, especially risk adjusted return as it compares to other lines of business that we would have in our portfolio.
Mark Lyons: In fact, I would just add Marc’s comments that we really look at this as a segment not as just the U.S. which is why our competitors are kind of vertically focused on. So our view of CRT transactions, our other businesses that we have, the fact that we lay off, we have reinsurance structures and Bellemeade structures that all are very additive towards the net ROE.
Kai Pan: Okay, that’s great. My second question is on the P&C side. What's your pricing outlook for June 1 renewals, at mid year renewals? We heard some commentary that pricing actually would not be as strong as January renewals and do you see the same thing and how do you position your portfolio?
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, so we have heard – when we have – we went through internationally renewal of a Japanese for instance of April 1st, I am sure you heard on the other call that pricing was kept at very stable to slightly down or slightly out depending on the layer of the other types of risk. So we were expecting sort of that reaction, but the most important piece I think you’re asking is what will the U.S. reinsurance market look like at mid year. And the initial indications are that it's not going to be as good as a rate increases were at January 1. A lot of it is also posturing. There is a lot of early – still pretty early. June first and July first is a lot of renewals taking place. So people are jousting for positioning and arguing their case as we speak, but the early signs are that the price increase is going it somewhat go down. So the second derivative is negative to the rate change. It might be still a rate change, but it’s not going to be as good as healthy as it was at 1/1.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. Last one if I may, I am just wondering what kind of launch do you know is ordering for us before you guys?
Marc Grandisson: I don't know we – I think we're going to have a surprise. We’re going to have a special delivery after the call, I'm sure.
Mark Lyons: I'm sure I will have a French Canadian…
Marc Grandisson: Bent…
Mark Lyons: Accent to it…
Kai Pan: Right, thank you guys.
Mark Lyons: One other think Kai on the underlying businesses to which the property cat attaches, we’re certainly seeing some uplift in our insurance group. And we believe those uplifts are happening on the quota shares and the XOLs that Arch Re attaches on top of them.
Kai Pan: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. To start a couple of questions on mortgage and then I do have a P&C question as well. In terms of mortgage did you say about how much of earnings it was in the quarter? Is it still about that 60% level you had provided us with in the past?
Mark Lyons: I think that's well – yes, that's with the allocation of investment income that we show in the corporate segment. If you allocate that back I think it's roughly about that. It might be a couple of points north.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, perfect. And then in terms of a lot you know change in the quarter in terms of the mortgage environment, with IMAGIN, the CRT deal in relationship with Munich as well as the price cuts in the industry. And you guys say you still see this business is generating a 15% ROE, but what about – how about do you think about it in terms of the overall earnings because obviously some of these different components can either increase or decrease the forward earnings that you can generate from mortgage. Can you kind of help us think through the moving pieces and how the profile has changed on with these new developments whether obviously it's not just this year, but more thinking about the earnings a couple years out?
Marc Grandisson: It's a very good question. I think – and it speaks very well to our ability to pick and choose where we're going to allocate capital, depending on a return characteristics on the CRT for instance or is it IMAGIN. If that program takes off and it becomes bigger even in the future that will also allow us to participate there. We also have U.S. primary in mind, as we have mentioned that’s also a good leaver for us to utilize. It’s very – the way we look at the MI business is very similar to the way we look at any other business. You have to tell what the marketplace looks like as we speak and then we will tell you what we – how we will be reacting. So depending on the relative returns between the CRT, the IMAGIN or other types of structure of its sort and/or primary MI, we'll be allocating capital as we see the returns to get better. For instance this quarter, a good example is we have allocated less capital to the CRT transactions, we saw the spreads tightening to a level that we believe is not as acceptable as we would want and not meeting our threshold return. And but it doesn’t mean that we need to deploy capital in some other areas to cannibalize the other segments. It’s really just a deal by deal area by area looking at transactions making sure we’re maximizing the returns. It’s really hard I guess the short answer is I do not know until we get to what the market is going to give us in the future.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay.
Mark Lyons: And Elyse, I just like to – regarding your next question, just to also caution, this is a pilot. It's extremely early. We don't even have a lot of visibility yet into how it's going, so – which we'll certainly talk about in future quarters. But also, just be cognizant that IMAGIN is towards U.S. MI, whereas the relationship with Munich is more towards the CRT transactions. So when you picture Marc's comments about cycle management levers this creates between using working capital versus risk capital, this innovation that the mortgage guys came up with allows that cycle management to really take effect.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you. That’s helpful. And then you know my last question in terms of you guys returned to buying back stock in the quarter and subsequent to the quarter. Can you help us think through your excess capital position, how you would kind of balance other – continuing to return capital with your shares at this kind of 1.3x book value level? Or if M&A – potentially, a deal on the P&C side might be something that you would want to conserve capital for? How are you thinking through that decision-making right now?
Mark Lyons: Yeah, great, great question. And it is kind of the [indiscernible] lot of the things that you just mentioned. When we did the 10b5-1, we didn't expect certain things to happen from our competitors that kind of weighed in depth and down on our stock. But what we've done historically with that wavy, not quite straight, lines for your paybacks that we've talked about, that's an ingredient into the mixture. A view of the off-balance sheet embedded value is a – helps inform but doesn't drive some of the decisions. But there's other things that we have going on. There's always things in the pipeline that we're entertaining, firstly. Secondly, we still are steadfast towards reducing our financial leverage that emanated from the UGC transaction for a couple of reasons. One, the more we do that, it gives us dry powder for other things in the future. We have made commitments and in discussions with rating agencies. And it's also an aspect of our GSE relationship that will be helpful to us as we delever. So there's a lot of usages for cash, some of which might go towards – depending on what is the highest return and value that we see outside of some of the benefits that might accrue from the deleveraging.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, I would also add that you know this is the competition on the allocation of capital and how we deploy it, and certainly, we felt, when we did the 10b5-1, that this was an appropriate relative allocation of capital. And to Mark's point, there was no insight on our part as to what the markets – how it developed. We're going to have a board meeting next week, and we're going to have all units sitting around and discussing through what projects or what it is they're working on, and we're going to have a more detailed discussion next week and determine what we're going to do going forward.
Mark Lyons: And one other thing that I could add is compared to if it was three years ago, with the volatility of PC and so forth, we have a lot more clear visibility down the next couple of years of mortgage earnings and the quality and strength of them because of the way it operates with the some our fleets and the persistency attached to it and so forth. So that also helps inform our decisions by the way.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate the color.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Mark Lyons: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research Group. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning and congrats on the quarter.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Amit Kumar: A few quick questions. Just first of all, going back to the opening remarks, I think you mentioned rate card serves 20% of the business. Is it fair to say that the competitors – for the competitors it's close to 100% or so? Or what is probably the number?
Marc Grandisson: The competitors are not doing any rate cards as far as…
Amit Kumar: No, rate card…
Marc Grandisson: Sorry, the rate card, yeah, it’s 100% for everyone. We’re about 18% rate card for the production in first quarter of 2018. Yes, that's the answer, yes.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Now that's what I wanted to be sure. So clearly, the stock overreacted on the news last month. The second question I had was on the time line. So you mentioned that you're looking at what to do following the pricing discussion. Do we have any idea – I mean, is this going to be disclosed very shortly? Or does it take a few months? And then I guess you are heading to the PMIERs capital discussion. I just wanted to be clear on the timing of your decision.
Marc Grandisson: I think it’s going to be like – the way we look at the pricing and the way we deliver products to our clients having RateStar as well as the rate card and having, I would add, different distribution, community banks and credit union, for instance, we need to be very careful and thoughtful as to how we homogenize, if you will, the way we're delivering the pricing and the product to our clients. Right now, what’s happening is that there are discussions as we speak, and the discussions started two weeks ago in Greensboro about how we're going to juggle or put together in a cohesive way our reactions to the – on the rate card and what it means for RateStar, if it means anything at all. So I would – the June 4 or thereabouts, the first day that the pricing will be in line for the Magee and, I believe, Genworth as well. So we will have to come to conclusion with the rate card in shorter order. The RateStar changes may take a little bit longer to implement because, as we have mentioned before, it's over 1.3 million different sales in decision-making. It's not as easy at it looks. It's a lot sturdier, but also being as granular as it is, it's probably less impetus to draw very quick conclusions to it. We can let this work itself even as we speak and even after June 4. But we'll definitely be proactive in making that determinations. I would fully expect by early June, we'll have full – total, complete picture as to what we're going to do on both rate card and RateStar, if any.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's actually very helpful. The only other question I have is going back to the insurance segment. And if I look at Page 12 of the supplement and you look at the reserve development number, it's very close to sort of 100%. And I'm trying to think, is there something deeper going on in terms of there is a moment in terms of certain lines which might be seeing adverse, and hence, the net number is just modestly positive? Maybe just help us better understand what's going on and why is it hovering so close to 100%. Thanks.
Marc Grandisson: So it's really – the way the reserve are developing any one quarter, it's haphazard. It could be some negative in one area, some positive and some other area. A quarter change is very hard to pin down. And sometimes, you may wait 1 or 2 or 3 quarters before we take action in certain lines of business. You may want to catch up on some area. So the short answer is the sum total is the sum total and is really a result of individual business unit where we have 14 of, where we go through each individual one of them and we say, okay, this one needs a little bit more adverse development because some losses were reported, we're going to expect some other goes down, so it’s really just a – what you see on our financial result is really the bottom-up approach of our serving analysis at the individual line level. And it's really a quarterly exercise that you go through. And sometimes you tend to be more proactive in certain areas because you might think that it's the trend is going to go against you a little bit future down the road and some others. You’re going to wait and see whether this is only a one-time off thing. I think the short answer to you unfortunately, there is no real – Grandisson is really a bottom up approach to reserving. And I would say in some lines showed us negative or adverse developments, some showed positive development depending on the quarter.
Amit Kumar: And I guess what I was trying to ask is, where does the combined ratio eventually settle based on the performance of this business?
Marc Grandisson: I think our accident year combined ratio that I've mentioned, that Mark mentioned, 98%, 99% is roughly in the range of what we would expect the mix of business to be. And again, I would just caveat that by saying there are some trends happening in the marketplace. Some rate changes we see or we hear have happened, will they find their way to the bottom line over time has yet – remains to be seen.
Mark Lyons: And I would say Marc, I think, was pretty clear on his prepared comments. The consistency between insurance and reinsurance is where capital is and is not deployed. And that's the function of the rates and relative to loss trend. So there's absolute returns and then what are the market conditions doing. Is it helping or hurting that absolute return? And that's how capital gets deployed. That's how the business mix shifts. And if that's successful in the shift, it could have an even more beneficial impact.
Marc Grandisson: And I would even add – to add more complexities to this, if you have the same book of business this year that you renew, what, a 2.75, five year treasury versus last year, 1.8, you could have a very similar accident year combined ratio but a higher return in equity. So just to add this to the mix, if it's not configured enough for you.
Amit Kumar: Okay, fine. And we will probably get more color later today on that. I will stop thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Amit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, good morning everybody or maybe it’s already noon there.
Marc Grandisson: Hi…
Josh Shanker: The travel, Accident & Health business, is that growth based on the company getting in place the right infrastructure to be able to handle that business? Or is that business seeing a difference in terms of its profitability, which makes you more hungry for it? And I guess, third on that, where is that business coming from? Is the pie getting bigger? Or are you taking that from competitors?
Marc Grandisson: Okay, so – okay, I am trying to get the answer. So it’s coming from – yeah, we have a couple of programs that we won over the last 24 months, which helped us – and we had the relationships that we had developed for a long time internationally as well as in the U.S. So it's really growing with new relationships that – one of them is actually growing, it's the large reason why we've grown in travel over the last 12 months. The first question, yes, we have an integrated model, we have claims, we have pricing, we have portal. We also have RoamRight. As you know, we have business-to-consumer bent with business-to-business as well, which would be more wholesale or retail – through a retail network actually, a little bit like having a program – no, not a program but sort of a relationship with a couple of producers to really be their go-to-market in that segment. In terms of returns, this is not a very – a super high-margin business. I think you'll see other people talk about it in terms of combined ratio. But in terms of capital usage, it is very, very effective in terms of capital usage. So we are trying to get into that segment. It's also very, very sticky. As you know, as you might expect, Josh, if you get the relationship going with the pipe and work with the product development with the guys who sell the product, it could be beneficial for a long time. So this has been going on for at least four or five years of growth.
Josh Shanker: That’s very thorough. And then on the UGC 2014 to 2015 premium, I've been sort of guessing that the decay on older accident years lose about 20% of its premium annually. I don't know if that's right. But maybe how much of a net premium written growth tailwind is the UGC quota share years going into the past giving you?
Mark Lyons: Josh, I'd say you're in the ballpark. I think you're a little heavy on the degree of decay.
Marc Grandisson: Little bit lower.
Josh Shanker: Okay, thank you.
Mark Lyons: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Dunn: Thanks, good morning.
Mark Lyons: Hi, Geoff.
Geoffrey Dunn: Like yourselves, it seems like a number of the MIs continue to evaluate the recent BT monthly changes. But there's – in the context…
Mark Lyons: Geoff, I’m sorry, we can’t hear you.
Geoffrey Dunn: Yes. Is that any better?
Mark Lyons: Much better, thanks.
Geoffrey Dunn: All right. So again, like yourselves, it looks like a number of the MIs are evaluating the recent BT monthly changes. But in some of the commentary, it suggests maybe there is some evolution going on in terms of how some companies are thinking about approaching pricing. What are your thoughts on the competitive environment if the industry started shifting to your approach where the rate card was available for the lenders that want it but a shift to more granular or even black box pricing for those that are looking for that?
Marc Grandisson: So in a way, for us, it's music to our ears. It means that our model is the right model. And if you start having a 75 cell, you develop now a multiple of 200, 300 cells, as we see some of our guys developing, sort of refine, sort of rebuild, if you will, their risk-based pricing within the rate cards phenomenon. You're going to start multiplying these cells very dramatically. It might create issues for their – the same issues that I think – the large bank, for instance, who said they are not really willing to entertain at this point, which is the ability to cater to all these various permutations of pricing. So as much as people are finding RateStar, it seems like it's evolving into that direction. So to us, it's a little bit music to our ears. It sort of confirms that our model – and a couple of our competitors made comments as such over the last week or so that this is probably more longer-term beneficial. There'll be some disruptions in the short term. I think that is probably your point that you're trying to make, and I think, yes, that is possible. But we do believe that it doesn't – the more you multiply the number of cells, the more complexities you introduce in the delivery and pricing of the product at the loan origination, the desk level, so.
Mark Lyons: And I would just add on the boring side of it, but an important operational aspect, is the response time of something this complicated to return to the lenders in the manner in which they expect it and kind of shield this from that. But the response time has to be fast. So there was major investments that the guys did in that regard. So there's just – it's as just important to have the eight knives of the iceberg under the water as the one knife that you see above the water.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay. And then you've had an interesting approach on some of the innovations that are effectively introducing a capital-light model with your Bellemeade deals, with the MRT, the Munich CRT. How much – do you view your capital allocations independently of all those? Or do you view the return on a segment basis where maybe those capital-light opportunities give you more leeway on the capital-heavy opportunities?
Marc Grandisson: So to us, it's really – I mean, we – for reasons that are – the unit that's called MI, which is a global MI company, so their bonus plan and calculations of their performance is based on the overall segment's result. So they are – they can fish in broader MI market whether it's insurance, CRTs, utilizing more Bellemeade transactions today. So true, if it makes sense from a return perspective, it could diversify. We're in different areas around the world. And at the end, they're all internally making sure that they're optimizing their returns. So we're really looking at it, Geoff, from a totality at the unit level and making sure that they – having said all this, we have self-imposed guidance. There's so much capital waiting to expose for the shareholders' perspective to MI. But within the confines of those, that constrained, they have a vested interest in maximizing, optimizing their returns. We look at it holistically, if you will.
Mark Lyons: Which we don't view any differently than how the reinsurance group does it and how the insurance group does it.
Marc Grandisson: That’s right.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay, thanks.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Geoff.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Yes, just maybe a small question on the MI. With the amortization of DAC now being part of the expenses, can you give us a sense of where you think the expense ratio will end up by the end of this year.
Mark Lyons: Well, one other ingredient that I didn’t put in the prepared remarks was that there was some bonus catch-ups. I mean this is highly profitable. So to the extent that bonus throughout the year was under accrued and had to be made whole with the more recent year-end calculations, that gets reflected in the first quarter. And that’s what happened. I mean, not only the profitability of the business but the excellent execution on the integration that they’ve done all filters into that. So rough – it’s going to be marginally better, and it could be lumpy on 2Q, 3Q, 4Q. But I would say on the balance of the nine months, it’s going to be marginally better.
Jay Cohen: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks, Mark.
Mark Lyons: Sure, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I think we’ve had a couple of quarters now where you’ve been more cautious or sounded more cautious on loss trends. I was hoping you could dig a little bit more into what’s driving the increase in service, if that’s the right way of phrasing it.
Marc Grandisson: I think, well, we are looking at trend – I’m an actuary by training, I’m a recovering actuary, I’d like to say. If you look back at loss trend historically, it’s a historical phenomenon, right? You have not developed data, tried to make an adjustment for what you think the overall CPI and, unfortunately, the insurance trend and inflation typically lacks CPI pickup. And to the extent that we’ve seen some inflation pick over the last two, three years, they will not find its way through the projection of lost trends for a little while. And we’ve had a combination of things, right, audit premium on most of our segments that are datable. Pretty much we’re always up on the upside, so there’s more activity in the industry. So whatever you think your pricing, and whatever is happening in the industry, there’s always been a mismatch. It’s ongoing. It’s subsiding a little bit, but we’ve had sort of a pickup in activity in the broad economy in the U.S. So the more there’s activity, the more there’s friction, the more I believe there is a possibility that lost trend could go and develop adversely against you. It’s probably more of a prudent phenomenon. I think that the problem that we have in our business, mostly casualty, is that you’re pricing on a forward looking, looking back at loss trend. And I think we’ve had undue benign loss experience over the last eight years or nine years. I think it’s larger as a result of the economy slowing down so much as a result of the great financial crisis. So it’s just – we’re not saying it’s going to go crazy. We’re just saying that the likelihood of this being above what we believe and what we are coming out of our actual model, I think these are more likely than not. We tend to be more prudent when we factor in the loss trend. Mark, anything else?
Mark Lyons: Yes, I would just kind of echo what Marc again said where capital isn’t going, where it’s being allocated on D&O and, say, to excess casualty. There’s loss trend in the actuarial arithmetic, and then there’s trend not explained by actuarial arithmetic. D&O, for example, is incredibly lumpy year-to-year. There’s no real projection about it, it’s – each – and we don’t always have a primary excess book. On casualty excess, actuarial arithmetic never works. Never works. It’s always terms and conditions that really drive it. So when we say loss trend, we’re also recognizing the slippage in terms of conditions.
Marc Grandisson: Correct, yes.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That’s very helpful. And I guess, a second unrelated question. At AFA, I think we talked a little bit more about – I’m trying to think of the right way to phrase it. Pursuing individual opportunities in the insurance segment a little bit more rapidly than in the past, I was hoping you could update us on how those opportunities are bubbling up?
Marc Grandisson: There’s always possibilities around. I’m not here to tell you what we’re going to do next month. I don’t think it’s fair on the call of that nature, Meyer. But I think that – I think our comments at AFA also had to do with we’re also going to be a bit more proactive in reacting to either adverse or positive reactions. For instance, property was a great example, right? Property rights increased a little bit. And I think we – Nicolas took it upon himself when he took over in October, he said, listen, even though the rates, as I was saying in the third, fourth quarter, you need rates of 30% to 40% to really start pushing the envelope and do, make a significant commitment in capital to property. We still have some rate increases, and Nicolas said, well, we need to be a bit more proactive in positioning ourselves in that marketplace. I think that would have been not necessarily the way – it's not necessarily the way a traditional insurance company would think all the time. And I think we're trying to bring – which is more of an opportunistic way of thinking, which, I think is brought upon largely as a result Nicolas is bent on what he's done so well on the reinsurance. And our insurance group has taken up to it like fish and water.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. 
Marc Grandisson: Thanks Meyer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: Thank you. Marc I was thinking of going through the front of the queue this time. But some traditions are triggered to change so.
Marc Grandisson: Hey, good.
Mark Lyons: You're still not last of course.
Marc Grandisson: We have working with Ian.
Mark Lyons: You could always hang up and redial in to be last.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly. My time is little of, I guess. So I had one – well, why don't I follow-up real quickly on Meyer's question before I get to my main question. This is maybe as much of an observation as a question. Marc, how is it that some of these lines where we're seeing adverse development, every year, most of the companies seem to take them to a 65 every year in mid- to long-tail casualty?
Mark Lyons: Boy, asking the question is – that's a very, very, deep question. I think that if you overlay what happened – and we were on the receiving end of this, and Mark can attest to that as well when he was running insurance. When you were looking at results in 2012, 2013, 2014, pricing that ongoing business, sort of looking at the results over the years, you would look at 2008, 2009, 2010 and even 2005, 2006, you would have lesser development than the actuaries. Who are they kidding? So we do a loss reserve analysis. Pretty much everything comes down below the expectation. And this has been going on for a while. Actuaries or loss reserves specialists lose a little bit of their credibility after a while because it's kind of hard to deviate from anchoring yourself at a long-term level. It's very hard for people reserving to think that this is really a 30% loss ratio. And it's also the same way, very difficult to say it's not running 65%, it's running 80%. But since we're looking back and then you look back after five or six years, if you're an actuary right now or if you look at loss reserve development, you'll say, well, I think it's really at 75%. These are the same people that we're saying, it should be booked at 65%, 68% five or six years ago, and things have developed to be 56%, 57%, 58%. So there's a little bit of a mismatch. It's not easy for people to reconcile the way the reserving is made. Most people, and I think we can be guilty of it ourselves as well, people tend to think of insurance as being not cycle-affected. But there is such a thing as cycle-affected. It's not a linear plus or minus two or three points, especially if you're specialty insurance companies like ourselves. So many moving parts, it's really hard to pin it down. And you have history as a guide. And the loss ratio around the long-term expected varies wildly. Unfortunately or fortunately, I think I like it because it creates opportunities for us in the future because people keep on booking 65% or 66%. When it turns out 85%, 88%, you have to recognize it. We'll be able to seize the opportunity of people, deemphasizing that line of business precisely. But it's going to take a while. It’s going to take a while.
Ian Gutterman: Yes I agree, and that's helpful. It's how I remember things from the early days when we were first meeting on the island when you guys are being formed. This just feels like a similar story. But so my main couple of questions, one on the mortgages. I get obviously the advantage of having RateStar versus the card when other people are cutting rates. But how should I think about – and I'll try to call out an example, it's probably not the best and – but you can hopefully get the spirit of it. If there is a cell under RateStar that maybe was priced – tended to – because you looked at it in a better way, maybe it was a 20% discount to most people's rate card. And maybe you had, I don't know, a 50% hit rate or something on that cell. If everyone else is cutting rates, does that hit rate go from 50% to 25% even if you don't change anything? So even though you're not using the rate card, you become less competitive and need to maybe reconsider some of your pricing in the RateStar cells. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. So we've been thinking about this. And I think the best way – let me try to make an analogy from property cat exposure. Most of our analysts are P&C people. So let's think about types of risk: hurricane in Florida and California quake. If you think about writing a line of business or pricing – you price yourself at $20 [ph] online for a layer in Florida, attaching a $10 billion market loss for the overall event. This 20% is the current pricing. You have an excess of $60 billion quake exposure in California. And that current pricing is 10%, right? RateStar might say that the current pricing for Florida, I should be getting 22%, but the RateStar is saying 20%. So I'm going to not necessarily get – win a lot of that business. At the same time because of inefficiencies in overall card, I can tell you that our RateStar pricing for that California risk, which is much higher, much as likely to be hit is 10%, when rate card is 13%. So right now what I'm going to be doing is focusing more on my capital on the one that is up 10%. Two things will be evident to you is that I'm adding a lower rate than the average the person I write the thing in Florida. So that’s why for us the average rate is a very, very misleading way to think about it. Now the rate card is 20 in Florida and it’s 13 in California. Next year somebody cut the rate card by 10%. That 20% goes to 18%, that 13% goes to 11% and change. What am I going to be able to write next year? My RateStar hasn't changed, I’m still at 10% in California and I’m still at 23% in Florida. So what's going to happen? I'm going to get even less of the Florida business and presumably the same or if not a bit more of the business in California. So that's sort of what RateStar does for us. Does that makes sense for you Ian?
Ian Gutterman: Absolutely, that makes perfect sense. I totally agree with that. I was trying to think there were sort of cells in the middle where you would've gone from maybe something that was a 20% and you were at 19% and you’re getting business, and now you're over at – now you're 19% versus 18%.
Mark Lyons: Yes, and answer to that…
Ian Gutterman: I don’t know how big of a book that is, maybe that's just on the margin, it's not that big of a deal. 
Mark Lyons: Yes, well to your point I made one extreme example about two different….
Ian Gutterman: Sure, sure.
Marc Grandisson: But you're right there’s a lot between the spectrum that grows. And that we have David Gansberg team Allen and then John Gaines, spending an amazing amount of time dynamically connecting with clients, and looking at production on daily basis and try to figure out what will work. RateStar is sort of a floor of sort and we sort of over and – we put the pricing that we think will sell the marketplace that give us a return obviously. But we’re not trying to leave money on the table, but are trying to be competitive and take the best risk. As in the example I just mentioned. It has a lot more going on. You're quite right, there’s million three sells, 17-ish different – it's a very arduous process.
Marc Grandisson: I would just say you probably heard some of the other questions. Geoff Dunn talked about what if others have RateStar’s and have fine pricing? Then I think your question is a lot more relevant.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Marc Grandisson: I think right now it's like we got a old buckshot, they have a the old buckshot and musket and they're trying to hit an ant. Where they hit is scalpel. And over time I think your question is going to have a lot more relevance.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And if I can ask quickly on the Catalina transaction just can you give a little color on what U.S. lines of business were in there? I guess I don't really think of you guys having run off book. A little confused what exactly you mean and what went into this transaction?
Marc Grandisson: Sure. Well actually we kind of view this as our third action because some of these programs, as we talked about, we took terminated, we talked about in past calls, past years of terminating programs and you are stuck with the run off. We terminated because we didn't like the results, or we didn't like the emergence of claims or the underlying coverage and allow that to happen. And similarly, on the specialty casualty runoff, it's predominantly old New York labor law issues, California residential contractor business where you get, you think you're done in 10 years but then they do repair clock structure over again, those kinds of things.  So that’s really it. So there's no ongoing customer continuity issues, things of that nature. So given that those decisions were made, and I think they were the correct ones, and then we still wound up, you see it in our 10-Ks, still having some issues where we said let’s – looking across the Board on capital management let's just try to solve it once and for all.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And then even though it back dated to 1/1, any – since the deal was written in April is there any financial impacting going to show up in Q2? Or is it already up and accounted for in Q1?
Marc Grandisson: Well, what you wind up happening, it's going to be Q2.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Marc Grandisson: But remember, ultimately, there's a difference between statutory and GAAP if they're – if the adverse development cover has ever hit low terms, if it will be. But it gives us life insurance but except that is statutorily that you get one hundred percent of the recoverable immediately. So on a GAAP basis it’s kind of amortized. And think of it similar to the Berkshire, AIG ADC and the way works.
Mark Lyons: But we don't expect much change in quarters. So not much of that.
Ian Gutterman: Okay good that’s what I was curious about. Okay thank you.
Mark Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks. I guess just following-up on the ADC, could you give us some idea of the amount of adverse development? I guess maybe like last year you’ve take in the past few years in the lines that were subject to that?
Mark Lyons: I think I have that on my fingertips. Programs, I would say – I can tell you this on programs for the last couple of years, I believe the majority of the adverse is associated with these terminated programs. So I think that's the best color.
Marc Grandisson: And it’s the same on casualty. If there were any adverse developments the same with specialty casualty book of business market for it too.
Ryan Tunis: So that’s a pretty chunk, that’s a pretty good slice of adverse I think from looking at the 10-K you’re right. So now that’s a lack of a headwind going forward.
Marc Grandisson: Yes that correct, right.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And then I guess there’s – I had a couple of bigger picture ones I guess on the MRI conversations. And I guess the first one is the whole discussion about mid-teens ROEs. At what return level would you guys proactively start writing less?
Mark Lyons: I think that you've seen it as we speak, I think, we have a threshold risk adjusted I mean like I said all this, not everything out is created equally, but you saw some changes already in the two quarters where we bought – first, we deemphasize singles for a little while because we don't think returns are there, it was low-teens now unfortunately going a little below 10% which is not acceptable to us. It is also what you were thinking right you've got to think about it right in terms portfolios not every transaction these be could accretive, they could bring diversification credibly even within the portfolio of SMI.  But having said all of this you heard about the singles and the two other riskier areas that we've looked at the high-LTVs the and the high-VTIs we have tended to go away because those returns went below the threshold that what we have in RateStar, knowing better than RateStar. So for now we don't see any reason to start thinking about other than these three areas I mentioned in terms of riskiness. I think it's a very ongoing, on a quarterly basis, on a weekly basis, actually, just reviewing what pricing is out there, what kind of risk is going on. And the other thing that I would tell you is now as everything else being equal no different products could come at some point down the road in the future, so we'll be reacting to it when we see it. But that’s the best I can tell you.
Marc Grandisson: And Ryan I’ll just add that the – and Mark referenced that in the CML discussion he talked about the property cat and he talked about the RDS, which I’ll emphasize again we’re the only one with an RDS. But that is an important, heavy Board focus and our executive management focus, over 16.4% of tangible. So it could be a combination of things. It could be a combination of front end, which we think we sculpt pretty well for RateStar it's a risk management tool on the frontend. But because of, I think, the excellent way BMI Group has integrated their frontend pricing, the backend, the already yes on the risk management side they all inform each other, they’re all on integrated basis. So if Bellemeade, on that programmatic session, winds up becoming too expensive and you can't sell what does that pay us? The outside world is having a different view of mortgage credit risk. And therefore our net could go up more, even though the front end hasn’t reacted yet. So it's a combination of all those factors that and referred his team taken into account.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. I guess my follow-up is just absolutely you guys have started out this, but just trying to think about the four on pricing with MI in general I guess the analog I’m brining on is the fact that real property cat used to be in mid-teens ROE business and you have alternative capital and capital-lite models and that feels sort familiar here and all the sudden you get several years where all you’re talking about is negative pricing, almost hitting your back to pre-Katrina levels. And that's obviously not really much fun. So I’m hoping you guys can talk me off the ledge a little bit on that analog. And is there anything that I guess is sort of the structure of the market or anything like that that makes it this you think less susceptible which I guess lower cost capital earning or are you over time, competitors accepting some 10% ROEs. 
Marc Grandisson: So unlike property cat right you've written business for the last five years at a rate level that is pretty healthy. And that business continues producing returns and results for you as we go forward on the basis. And on the back of I would argue very healthy increase in house prices, we have LTVs our currnt LTVs on origination but currently or our portfolio way south of 80 so it's what we saw south of 80 overall. So it’s pretty healthy, lot of equities, lot of collateral in front of us. So we're actually in a very – we still have win in our sales if you will. So if we play the tape going forward, right, the rates are probably 2 to 2.5 times what they were pre-crisis. I mean there's been a significant amount of price increase and I'm not even talking about that kind or the types of product. So the kind of – and the property cat it's a 12-month, it’s one 12-month commitment. It's a lot easier to change price. To change price on the fly for the whole 100% of your portfolio every single year. On mortgage, you always have, you always have this portfolio as it unwinds through time. So if I overlay this healthy house prices index lack of products, the bad product that took place in mid-2000 have really created a lot of the issues. I look at a borrower if I quote as an all time as high as it’s ever gotten, there is a lot of room to give overtime. But the question that you're asking which we’re – we’re really asking ourselves because we're going to live it to – we're going to live it together with our units. It's going to take awhile to erode that huge increase in quality and pricing that we went through after the crisis of 2009. So we're not as – so news of our deficits are greatly exaggerated. It's not going to go a little while before we get to a threshold of being too dangerous for us to stick around if you will. But it will come, I just don't know when.
Mark Lyons: And my end one other thing, back to your analogy if it was – this is longer duration, right. I mean on property cat capital comes in because pretty quickly you can know how to exit. If longer tailed liability streams was that comfortable for alternative capital will be tons of casualty vehicles out there but there's not. So this has a mortgage as you know has a lot of duration outflow and duration inflows that are varied interest rate and macro economically sensitive. So I think that's quite a ways off. So I’ll open that window and get back in the room.
Ryan Tunis: Alright, that’s help. Thank you guys.
Marc Grandisson: Great.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Thanks, I'll try to be fast given its past launch hour. Could you elaborate on what type of economics Arch receives from running Imagine?
Marc Grandisson: We're not in a position to do those. I mean we have strong NDAs and there’s a lot of communications that we need to keep to for ourselves. But the returns are comparable to what we would get in the general business sense after we factor in our managing, and operating and risk management and bring oversight to this side.
Michael Zaremski: Okay so maybe we can follow-up that in a future quarter.
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Michael Zaremski: And can you remind me staying on MI have combined ratios from the rate card generate business been materially different from RateStar business?
Marc Grandisson: That is one great question. And the answer is no as of yet, right. We believe that the risk adjusted pricing frame what your RateStar gives is going to be tremendous in a more of a stressed scenario. And we have not really – we have about some localized stress scenarios, but we haven't really gone through that exercise of analyzing it. And I think if you look at loss ratio, wind doesn't blow or when the quake doesn’t shake everybody has zero loss ratio. So we're sort of in this relatively benign claims environment, and it's really hard to see it. And that's probably one of our biggest frustrations, like I said, as managers at Arch is that the fact that we're looking at the way we at cat pricing and we – for instance in the way we structure our portfolio, when there are no losses we don't look very good because we looked at we should have done more. But the way we think about this and then we talk about it internally all the time is we are very honest about analyzing the underlying economics and risk characteristics, probably recognizing that we could be wrong for awhile. And MI is pretty much like a cat line of business in a lot of ways. But the short answer is no. We haven't done it, we don't expect it to be very much of a difference on reported loss ratio.
Michael Zaremski: Okay that’s helpful. And lastly, follow-up to Josh's question earlier on travel and A&H, given it's – it continues to grow at a nice clip. So I felt like you guys were alluding to it being driven by a few relationships. I'm just kind of curious, are these relationships longer? If that's correct, is this – are these relationships sticky, longer term nature or whether this be kind of a line that's classic Arch, which will ebb and flow over time depending on the return profile? Like, I guess, is this a – I know it's a short-tail liability, but is the distribution stickier?
Mark Lyons: We believe it is stickier. These are smaller items, there is more connectivity to the pricing, claims adjustment. And because a lot of travel is claims adjustment, right, you need to be able to pay the person that cannot go through their place or repatriate some of them. There's a lot of stuff you need to be able to do. So we believe it is sticker. But having said this, everything is stickier. But in the long run, everybody is there, right? I mean, in the long run everything is variable on cost, if you remember your microeconomics. So at some point, if the pricing gets too out of whack, I'm sure everything is fixable. But it's relatively sticky in the short term, short to medium term.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have a follow-up from Jay Cohen from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Yes sorry to delay lunch further. 
Mark Lyons: Jay you couldn’t get enough. 
Jay Cohen: I know right. On Catalina, can you talk about the assets that get transferred over? I'm trying to get a sense of the impact on investment income.
Mark Lyons: I’ll tell you what. Let me answer the question more broadly than you asked it because I think you're trying to update your model, right? So look at it this way, we did an LPT at year-end, which was a bullet, I mean, the quota share has quarterly cash payments, right? So this is a bullet cash payment to our Bermuda operating company. We did the cancellation of the quarter shares, which bring UPR back onshore with associated cash transfer. And then there's the Catalina which, in the scale of things, is not large. So it's effectively close to a wash between the investment income that you might get onshore or offshore because of all those flows back and forth. So Catalina, the reason I did that, of the three, Catalina ranks third in size compared to the LPT, first; the UPR cancellation, second; Catalina, third.
Jay Cohen: Thanks for the clarification Mark. I appreciate that.
Mark Lyons: Sure. 
Marc Grandisson: Thanks Jay.
Operator: Thank you. And I’m showing no further questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Marc Grandisson for any closing remarks.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you very much everyone. Happy quarter and on to lunch now. We’ll see you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-13 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marc Grandisson – President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Lyons – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan – Wells Fargo Kai Pan – Morgan Stanley Meyer Shields – KBW Brian Meredith – UBS Amit Kumar – Buckingham Research Geoffrey Dunn – Dowling & Partners Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman – Balyasny
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2017 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessment and assumption and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the Company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company’s earnings press release and is available on the Company’s website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou; Mr. Marc Grandisson; and Mr. Mark Lyons. You may begin.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. As many of you know, this is my last earnings call as CEO of Arch Capital, and I could not be more proud of the team and organization that we have built over the past 16 years. We announced our CEO transition plan two years ago, and I’m very pleased with the work Mark and the entire executive team have done to position Arch for the challenges they will face in the future. In our 16 years as a company, we have come a long way. We have taken an idea to build from Scrooge a specialty insurance and reinsurance platform that can generate superior risk-adjusted returns and we have done that. We also saw an opportunity after the financial crises to add a new segment, mortgage, that profitably diversifies our company, and we have achieved that also. Through the PNC cycle, Arch has produced average annual returns of 16% and book value per shareholder average returns of 16% and book value per share was growing 10 times from $6.03 a share in March of 2002 to $60.91 per share at December 31, 2017. And a share price of $87 before this call from a split adjusted $8.84 back in 2002. On my own, I cannot have accomplished these results, but with the help of many people, much has been accomplished. The challenge for all of us was to improve the intellectual capability of the company and its ability to manufacture, as I always say, profitable decisions. Most companies do not pay enough attention to the most important asset they possess, their employees. Here at Arch, it’s the foundation of our success. For Arch, the question has been how do you create a culture in a cyclical business that not only empowers, but also helps our employees to make the best decision that they can. You have to care for them, you have to share knowledge, you have to teach, you have to reward them. You have to provide an opportunity for employees to constantly learn and transfer knowledge up and down the organization as well as across segments and channels. The more knowledge your employees possess, the better decision-makers they are and that is what produces outstanding results. You have to believe in the success of the team over the success of the individual, and you have to be willing to challenge and be challenged. Collaboration is the secret sauce that enables crisp execution and achieving extraordinary results. For the past 16 years, I’ve had the honor and privilege to help lead Arch and to have a hand in its formation, and success is one of my greatest personal achievements. I’m now passing the baton over to Marc, and I’m confident that we will see not only a continuation of the culture that has made Arch successful, but that also I expect the future of Arch will be enhanced under his leadership. To take an analogy out of car racing, which I’m a fan of, Mark, here are the keys baby. The Ferraris are in the starting position; the fuel, ready to go. Achieve greatness, my friend.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos. Wow. You’ll see me on my Vespa in Bermuda. Stay with the Italian team. But good morning to you all. I’ve had the privilege of working with Dinos for more than 16 years, and I feel it’s appropriate to pause on this earnings call. Dinos’ 59th consecutive earnings call and to express a big thank you from all of us at ACGL. Thank you for your leadership, for the values and culture that you’ve helped to establish here at Arch. Enjoy your family with the two newest additions, Marielle and Evelyn, Mr. Grandpa. Turning to the quarter and year-end review, 2017 brought catastrophe losses of about $135 billion to the industry and caused Arch shareholders about $386 million. For the year ended December 31, 2017, Arch produced after-tax operating income of $427 million or $3.21 per share or 5.7% operating return on equity. On a net income basis, the results are slightly better as the company reported $566 million or $4.07 per share for the year ending December 31, 2017, producing a net return equity of 7.2%. Our investment returns were good this quarter. As you probably know, we manage our investment portfolio on a total return basis, which in U.S. dollar basis was a positive 79 basis points for the quarter, 71 bps on a local currency basis. Our book value per share in the quarter rose, as Dinos mentioned, to $60.91, an increase of 10.4% for the full year. And our risk management structure and diversified business platforms performed as designed in the face of challenging P&C market conditions and significant cat activities. One year into our acquisition of UGC, we are pleased with the contribution that our mortgage segment makes to our returns and value creation. Our group wide insurance in force or IIF grew to $352 billion at year-end 2017 from nearly $360 billion the prior year. Helped by the UGC, acquisition grows written premium grew 142% to $335 million for the fourth quarter of 2017 versus fourth quarter of 2016 for the entire mortgage segment. Reinsurance sessions to our Bellemeade Re insurance link securities and other third-party reinsurers as well as targets reductions in U.S. single business and Australian reinsurance led to a sequential decrease of 6% in net premiums written to $272 million for the fourth quarter of 2017. Earned premium worldwide grew 2% in the fourth quarter to $280 million as a result of growth in our insurance in force. For our primary U.S. mortgage business, NIW of $14.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017 was down from $17.7 billion in the third quarter. Part of this decline is due to normal seasonality in the fourth quarter, but it also reflects our efforts to manage growth in the higher loan-to-value above 95 mortgages and our ongoing conservative approach to the pricing of singles. We estimate that our market share of NIW in the U.S. for the fourth quarter of 2017 was just below 21%, which is consistent with our expectations we discussed since completing the acquisition of UGC. Mortgage market conditions remained favorable in the U.S., however, competition is increasing in the CRT space as well as in the primary mortgage insurance market. While we are being marginally more selective in our underwriting, the overall quality of the risks written are strong, and the mortgage segment should continue to generate risk-adjusted returns above our long-term target of 15%. Next, turning to our property casualty operations in our reinsurance segment, specifically. As you have already heard on a number of calls this quarter, rate increases in the property cat lines were not nearly as robust as many of us hoped, given the significant cat in 2017. We saw a few opportunities to put capital to work at the January 1 renewals, but not enough rate movement to warrant a material increase in our writings. Rates across our reinsurance portfolio were up 2.5%, including 5% to 7.5% for our cat book. As you can see, it’s a positive, albeit tepid starting point for the year. Returns for cat business are low by historical standards and in our view, do not fully capture risk volatility in this line of business. For the fourth quarter of 2017, gross premiums written rose about 5% in our reinsurance segment over the same quarter in 2016 and 2% on a net basis. The growth came primarily from our specialty businesses, including international motor treaties, while other lines, such as our property x cats were reduced. Our reported combined ratio for the reinsurance segment was 94.5 in the fourth quarter on a core basis, excluding Watford Re. Turning to our insurance segment. Gross premiums written of $768 million in the 2017 fourth quarter were 8.5% higher in 2016 fourth quarter, while net premium in insurance were 10.1% higher at $513 million. The higher level of net premiums written reflected increases in national accounts, travel and growth in two of our newest programs, areas where we currently see opportunities in U.S. insurance. Focusing on P&C insurance market overall conditions, they remain challenging, although we have seen rates stabilize and improving in some lines in the fourth quarter, particularly in property, commercial auto and some casualty lines. Our current view of the market is cautiously optimistic. We are seeing a slight upward movement on the pricing side with some margin expansion. However, after considering changes in terms and conditions and other factors that can influence claims trends on an absolute basis, rate levels are not sufficient to support the allocation of more capital to our insurance segment, especially given our opportunities in the MI segment. Next, I would like to discuss our PMLs. As we mentioned last quarter, we’re also reporting to you our exposure to mortgage risk from a systemic stress event what we call a realistic disaster scenario, or RDS, it stood at 17% of tangible common equity at the end of the fourth quarter. We have begun using tangible rather than stated equity as a result of the UGC acquisition, as we believe that is a more appropriate and prudent risk management yardstick. Our net property cat exposures are substantially the same as last quarter with our 1 in 250 year PML for the peak zone, the U.S. Northeast, at 6.5% of tangible common equity. In summary, we are always preparing for opportunities as the market presents, but we remain disciplined in allocating capital to the various units to maximize risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. Now here’s Mark with a more detailed financial analysis of the quarter, Mark.
Mark Lyons: Great. Thank you, Marc, and good morning to all. On today’s call, I’m going to comment on the fourth quarter results as usual. I’m also going to focus on some unusual accounting impacts and one-off charges, driven by U.S. tax reform and other items in this busy, busy quarter. Okay. So now into some summary comments for the fourth quarter, all on a core basis, and just as a refresher, the term core corresponds to Arch’s financial results, excluding Watford Re, whereas the term consolidated includes Watford Re. So core losses recorded in the fourth quarter from 2017 catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums were $800,000 or nearly 1/10 of the loss ratio points compared to 4 loss ratio points in the fourth quarter of last year on the same basis. The activity was primarily driven by the California wildfires, pretax estimate of $68.4 million, along with approximately $69.1 million of reductions associated with the third quarter Hurricanes, Harvey, Irma and Maria. The reductions in the third quarter hurricane estimates resulted from lower industry loss estimates from outside vendors in conjunction with our own lower than expected reported claims volumes. Most of the reduction emanated from the reinsurance group, both of facultative and treaty and overall, estimates for Harvey and Maria were reduced whereas Irma remained relatively flat. As for the California wildfires, we see more exposure from the Northern California fires versus Southern California roughly 3:1 and see this primarily as a reinsurance event for us. With respect to net pure loss prior period favorable development, approximately 54 million or 4.9 loss ratio points was recognized in the quarter compared to 6.5 loss ratio points in the fourth quarter of last year. This net favorable development was led by the reinsurance segment with approximately $32 million favorable, while the mortgage segment provided approximately $20 million of favorable development. The calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was 82.5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 is 88.3%. The core accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 87% even compared to 90.7% for last year’s fourth quarter. The reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 103.2%, includes two unusual items and the comparison to the fourth quarter of 2016 needs one unusual item comment. The two items impacting the 2017 accident quarter are one. The non-recurring 1% federal excise tax or FET, associated with the fourth quarter intercompany loss portfolio transfers previously announced, which resulted in a 5.3 point increase to the reinsurance segment expense ratio through the acquisition line. And second, the reinsurance group incurred approximately 2 combined ratio points of negative impact associated with the former Gulf Re operation over the prior year’s comparable quarter. The item affecting the fourth quarter of last year, was a large retrocessional recoverable of approximately $11.5 million that had no counterpart in the fourth quarter of 2017 and represents a 4.6% combined ratio point impact. Taking all of these items into account, results in a 95.9% fourth quarter, accident quarter combined ratio, which therefore, represents only a 20 basis points increase over the adjusted fourth quarter from last year. Moving on to the insurance segment. The accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 99.7%, which included 2.2 loss ratio points of large attritional losses relative and higher than the fourth quarter of 2016, along with the flat expense ratio. This is approximately 130 basis points higher than the comparable accident quarter in 2016. This is a loss ratio increase and primarily represents higher loss mix due to our view of competitive marketplace conditions on an earned basis. The competitive conditions experienced in the insurance and reinsurance segments were more than offset by the continued strong profitability on the mortgage segment, amplified by their net earned premiums being the larger proportion of the total. The mortgage segment’s accident quarter combined ratio have improved to 47.1% from 54.8% quarter-over-quarter, and their net earned premiums represented nearly 26% of the total core net earned premium compared to only 9.6% in the fourth quarter of 2016. The accident quarter loss ratio of 25% was negatively impacted by approximately $10.4 million of charges primarily associated with higher delinquency stemming from the third quarter hurricane events, a catch up of 2017 reported losses from one lender and a small adjustment of a loss reserves on parity between our East and West operations. The accident quarter loss ratio after taking these items into account would have been 21.3%. I’d also like to point out that subsequent to the UGC acquisition, which closed at the end of last year, the 2017 accident quarter loss ratios for the mortgage segment has sequentially been as follows from first to fourth quarter: 21.5%, 19.5%, 20.6% and this quarter’s 21.3% on an adjusted basis. The expense ratio improved from 37.9% in the fourth of last year to 22.1% this quarter. On a sequential basis, for the third quarter of 2017, however, the expense will ratio increased by 150 basis points from 20.6%. This was primarily driven by an increase in the amortization of deferred acquisition expenses. Remember, that is the closing of the UGC transaction at last year end, all deferred acquisition expense were written off to zero. They are now rebuilding and being amortized into income. Moving on to other unusual financial statements in this busy quarter. Let me begin by discussing three items that have been included as reflected within operating income. First, as I noted earlier, we executed a onetime intercompany loss portfolio transfer this quarter and incurred to $13.6 million of federal excise taxes or approximately $0.10 per share. Second, we established a $10 million valuation allowance against our UK insurance syndicate deferred tax asset this quarter were $0.07 per share. Third, as discussed earlier, the mortgage segment recognized approximately $10 million plus of pre-tax charge and $6.8 million after-tax charges, representing $0.05 a share. All in, these one-off items with an operating income as described totaled $0.22 per share. Shifting to an update on integration cost associated with the UGC transaction. The original combined workforce has been reduced by approximately 30% as of year-end 2017 along with 120 contractors. There was $1 million of severance-related cost in the quarter, totaling $14 million for the full year. And the run rate of quarterly pure salary savings is $9.5 million or $38 million on the annual basis. The vast majority of employee-related savings has now been realized with any additional future benefits likely being a system integration-oriented. As for the beneficial accretion, stemming from the acquisition of UGC, on an EPS basis, we examined the full year performance in the overall company, the mortgage segment and UGC incremental vision. And adjusting for normal level of cat losses shows the earnings accretion projected to reach 35% within three year period has been nearly 75% achieved just one year later. Total investment returns for the quarter was a positive 79 bps on a U.S. basis, as Marc mentioned, and 71 basis points on a local currency basis. Returns on equities, alternatives and non-investment rate fixed income primarily drove the return. The full 2017 year total return was 5.87% on a U.S. dollar basis. Investment duration was 2.83 years at the end of this year, down sequentially from 3.14 years in anticipation of inflationary pressures. Operating cash flow on a core basis was a negative $32 million, primarily due to an increase in net paid losses spending mostly from third quarter cat activity, the return of cash collateral associated with a large longtime customer and the timing of tax payments between both the quarters. As for taxes, we incurred a $21.5 million charge this quarter that results from the change in the U.S. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% on our deferred tax asset. This has been excluded from operating income since this is not reflected of operational performance. The effective tax rate in the quarter or pretax operating income was 15.4%, excluding the impact of the changing U.S. tax rate I just commented about and 17.6% for the full 2017 year on the same basis. Now we don’t like to give guidance, but there has been so much havoc in the third and fourth quarter of this year. We’d like to provide our view. The 2018 tax rate, our pretax operating income is expected to between 11% and 14%. Although this range results from various scenarios tested, actual results could still fall outside this range, depending on the level and location of income or loss, the level and location of catastrophic activity and varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. As respects financial leverage, we repaid another $25 million down on the revolving credit facility this quarter. And that, combined with strong earnings, continue to improve our leverage ratios. During the quarter, we also issued 100 million of Series A preferred at 5.45% and redeemed all of the remaining $92.6 million of Series C 6.75% preferred, but with the clearing date of January 2, 2018. As a result, there was a two day overlap of having both Series C and Series F outstanding. So we just for that overlap results in a GAAP, debt plus preferred ratio of 25.8% at year-end 2017 versus 28.7% at year-end 2016, which is a 290 basis improvement in that leverage. The ongoing preferred dividend amount is $10.4 million a quarter, which will result in $4.4 million of lower dividend amounts in 2018 than in 2017. We did not repurchase any shares during the quarter, and our board authorization remains at $446 million plus. On a personal note, Dinos, we have been working together now for about 35 years, and I’m still waiting for you to get something right. I’m kidding. But seriously, because of your leadership, the company is smarter, our families are happier and each one of us is a whole lot more wealthy. So thanks very much for your leadership, Dinos.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome, Mark.
Mark Lyons: Now with that, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good morning. First off, congratulations Dinos on your retirement. It’s obviously been a great job for all of us working with you through the years. To the quarter, my first question, is either of your two segments, was there any kind of current accident in your catch up in terms of the margin specifically, the loss ratios and how do we think about, just given the market commentary that you’ve provided still being pretty defensive, I would say, in both insurance and reinsurance. How do you think about the margin profile in both of those businesses, as we look out to 2018?
Dinos Iordanou: Elyse, its a good question. I think we’re prepared for that one, obviously. I think there was somewhat of a small margin expansion in the fourth quarter of this year. It’s clearly that we’ve seen it. We think it’s about 30 bps in our portfolio, maybe its 50 bps. It’s a positive – it’s small, but it’s a positive and it’s also in the heels of 2.5 years of margin compression. So that you have to keep that in mind that a one quarter change does not repair 2.5 years of margin depression. That’s what we are cautiously optimistic. It’s holding in January, our initial discussion with our team is that – the market is holding of the right level, the same as it was in last quarter. Essentially if you talk to our team, they’ll tell you that 2017, the last quarter of REIT changes pretty much meant that 2017 was a wash. So we sort of have a stable year versus 2016. And this is what’s behind our commentary about the market. So it’s holding, slightly improving. And clearly, there has been the recent improvement at that level, but it’s also an improvement in ROEs and returns in margins. And a lot of it – that’s not have a whole lot to do with the REIT level themselves. A lot of it has to do with the tax rate changes, specifically in the U.S. and as well as their interest rate environment that we see all around us, right. So those two together account for about 200 basis points of pickup in return. So historically, we told you we have about a 7% to 9% ROE. This was middle of 2017. So I think we’re probably moving towards the higher end of that range, but the one thing that I mentioned that I really want to impress upon you, these are all quantifiable changes, risk changes in trend and losses. There’s a lot of stuff out there that’s called terms and conditions, and a lot of it has been given away over the last 2.5 years to 3 years. And we don’t necessarily factor that very well into our calculations. And the trend has been going up. The trend was 1.5% at closing and on 2% for this year. So that’s why we’re cautious because, yes, we’re seeing some compression and margin expansion. The last quarter, it seems to be holding up at the January level – the January 1 renewal, but there’s a lot of uncertainty as to where are we starting from and what it will it mean for the next – for the remainder of 2018.
Mark Lyons: I will just add Elyse, we talked about that as a management team. When you look backwards, the actual risk it takes never works in a soft market. It’s always worse than you think, and its terms and conditions as Mark highlighted. So that’s where our gray hair comes from. We’ve been through a wealth of these things that you have to be thinking more conservatively.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s prudent. From an old guy, it’s always prudent when you can calculate something. Then I think in my 42 years in the business, the effect of the change in terms and conditions never really mathematically can get factor. It’s prudent to be a bit more cautious, and I think what Mark and the team have done for determining the accident year is prudent, in my view.
Marc Grandisson: And Elyse, again, this is just one quarter worth of information and we’ll have to wait another three to four years to see whether that – these numbers are holding up to what we think there holding up. And that also means that we fit 2013 through 2017 at the right level, which one could argue that’s not everything is probably as rosy as people might think. The proverbial bond maybe a little bit out of the bond, as Dinos would like to say.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then my second question, in terms of on capital, when you guys announced that you do see deal on, you effectively said that you weren’t going to be buying back stock for 2017. As we think about 2018 and just capital, obviously, there’s some potential few minor changes related to your mortgage business. You also, with the laps, the AIG quarter share, only runs for 2014 to 2016. So you are holding on to more mortgage business. How do you guys think about that holistically? And could we see Arch buying back some stock in 2018?
Marc Grandisson: So right now, the best – as best we can tell is we would return capital to shareholders if we didn’t see opportunities. And frankly we’re seeing opportunities and clearly MIS is one glaring area where we think the returns are appropriate. So right now where we stand is we have opportunities that may develop or may not develop, and it behoove us to keep the capital at least hold it behind so that we can maybe able to deploy it in this year and in the subsequent years. That’s really what I would – Mark, you want to add something?
Mark Lyons: Yes. I would just add Elyse. This was six months ago. The idea of retraining if we could and deploy it would have been tougher. Now it’s – we’re training about 142% of book. I think as of this morning, over three years, that’s 12%-plus, getting closer. Not at, but closer to where we are. So it’s not impossible, but we’re looking to deploy our businesses, first and foremost.
Marc Grandisson: Exactly. On the PMIER note, that’s a good question you’re asking. It’s going to be asked. Currently, we don’t see any change in our capital plan. We’re totally everything is in line. It’s going to be some changes. We can’t talk about it, but totally within the planning budget. So it’s nothing to talk about.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks so much. I appreciate the color.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. I would congratulate Dinos on the retirement and I think a long-term shareholders owe you a deep debt of gratitude and you leave the company in good hands and I’ll miss your commentary on the souvlaki, gyros as we approach the lunch time.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. They’re going to bring me back just to pick up the menu every quarter. Because I don’t think they’re expert on Greek food, but I am.
Kai Pan: Right. So that might add in 1 bps point 0 expense ratio, I guess. So my question is on the pricing outlook. It looks like the January renewals have been sort of modest increase. Given what you know today, what’s your outlook for May renewals? And how much rate increase you would need for you to get back in the property cat reinsurance business or increase riding on that?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. We talked about last quarter, I think, the number I put in the ground for it to make its valuable. In terms of to get back to historical returns, we wouldn’t want from a property cat perspective. Not perspective because of the volatility around it, we would have won about 30% of increase. And now where we are, we probably gained anywhere between 5% to 10%. So we would need not in a significant amount of REIT increases though. So one thing I tell you about the middle of the year, this is property cat exposure business insurance or reinsurance. They are very, very similarly in terms of REIT needs. It’s too early to tell. I think there’s a lot of adjusting for position in the marketplace. One thing that surprised us, I’ll tell you for January 1. And it might be another reason why we’re a bit conservative in our comments is that capital does not seem to go away at all. If anything, I think capital has been increased at the 1/1 renewal, and its – the capital has committed for one year. So maybe we would expect a very similar round of REIT change by midyear. We think it should be much bigger than this, much higher than this, but we may not be able to get this because of the microeconomic forces of supplying demand of capital, essentially.
Kai Pan: Okay. That’s great. And then switch to MI. Just I have a couple of questions there. One is a delinquency going up for the quarter sequentially because you think the impact from hurricanes will be one time rather than long-term trends in terms of delinquency trends. And then the second, what’s your run rate do you think on your like expense ratio as well as the acquisition ratio? It’s like 2017 will be a good run rate going forward?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. Delinquencies are getting better, and we have our delinquency – the case of delinquency that we have on our portfolio, if you exclude to your point the recent storm, it’s still decreasing. And sequentially, as is with everybody else in the sector, we have seen a blip about 3,200 new claims. We think it’s kind of hard to see through all the claims specifically, but we estimate about 3,200 claims from the storms. You acquired right, it’s a blip. It went up from one quarter. We expect the cure rate for those claims, as you heard from other people to be very, very high. A typical delinquency now that we see that’s non-hurricane related probably cures to the tune of 87% to 92%. The ones on the storms are going to be – we expect north of 95%, but you’re right. So blip, we have to recognize it. There were some reserves put aside for this as a result of that event. But we are expecting this to be a blip and go away. As of the recent, I think, Mark, we have already decreasing claims. We have 3,200 at the end of the year. At the end of January, I believe, we already had 400 accrued. So we expect it to be fully curing. Also, we should know, you probably heard about some other call, that Fannie and Freddie had put programs to stay any delinquency to give people credit and give some leniency on their payment of the storm. To recognize, the duress under which they are for the storms. So anything that we hear and see indicates that it certainly will repeat itself and that will be a blip that goes away in the large part.
Mark Lyons: And Kai, if Marc didn’t mentioned, I apologize if you did, when you adjust for those hurricane-related without the delinquency rate, it’s 1.97. It’s virtually flat with the prior quarter. So that really accounts for it. As far as your second question on the expenses, for the quarter, the segment was 20 little over 22. We have to keep in mind, is yes, we’re growing on premium and you got the AIG quota share session starting to wane marginally a bit. But as I commented on in the prepared comments, the deferred acquisition costs were written to zero on the UGC transaction. So they’re building backup and being amortized. So I would not to get crazy guidance, but I would say as best, it would marginally improve from the 22.1%. So best I can do for it.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Good morning. Congratulations to Dinos on phenomenal career and well deserved retirement.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you.
Meyer Shields: One quick question, just in terms of modeling. Do we have sense as to how much the acquisition expense ratios have been impacted not counting the fourth quarter LPT for excise taxes?
Mark Lyons: The only real impact you’re really seeing of significance is in mortgages as we talked about. I mean, there is some growth in NWP as Marc delineated on a written basis, but the PC side is really not to date, has not really impacted it’s really the mortgage side.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And can you – I’m not sure how to ask this, but can you talk about the…
Mark Lyons: I’m sorry, Meyer, yes, you did have a second point, as now I can just point out to me. The FET on the $13.6 million was reflected in the reinsurance groups acquisition ratio, and it was all expense.
Marc Grandisson: So it’s 5 points plus.
Meyer Shields: Right. Okay, I got that. Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk about the analog to trend in the mortgage insurance business whether that’s changing. You talk a little bit about pricing getting more competitive.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. The trend in loss trend really the equivalent for the MI is the trend in credit riskiness of the underlying policy holder or mortgage insurance policy. And so this one, we’re not seeing a significant amount of changes in the regular – to the average lender, borrower. But having said this, if you look at the overall MI portfolio, there is an increase, for instance, a 95 and above LTV. So you do have an underlying riskiness of the portfolio that has changed over the last two years. So the singles were already there. They’re not necessarily more risky. They’re just different their economic discussion, in which we have lowered, as you know. But the two elements are not getting riskier in the marketplace or the 95 plus LTV, which I mentioned, which I’ll supported by the GSEs. And the second one is the DTI above 43, which is another one that is encouraged by the duty to serve aspect of the overall mortgage risk providers. So these two elements are not actually not insignificant, right? I think the DTI over 43 is about 20% of the NIW for the MI industry, and the 95% plus LTV has grown to 12.5%. So the overall riskiness of the portfolio is increasing as a result of that specific phenomenon. But if you look at – it’s actually buffered to some extent by house prices appreciation going up and affordability still being at the very healthy level. The DTI for the average borrower is still below 30%, which is lower than historical values. So I think at the margin, the volatility around the expected, I guess, has been increasing a little bit. You don’t have necessarily an average risk are going up significantly. Does that make sense?
Meyer Shields: It does. It’s very helpful. Thank you so much and good luck.
Dinos Iordanou: Let me just a little color. What Mark said is absolutely correct, but I want you to understand that a risk price methodology adjust for the riskiness. And for that reason, a reduction in exposure has been mostly in the 95 LTV and above and, of course, singles that we have been mentioning for the last three quarters. Just a little more color.
Meyer Shields: Thank you, Dinos.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks and also congratulations Dinos on retirement and just as an outstanding career. My question first is on the MI business, I’m just curious your thoughts on the competition that you kind of highlighted. Do you anticipate the tax reform will have any incremental pressures with respect to pricing in the MI business?
Marc Grandisson: I think, at high level, Brian, I think once – investors look at returns after tax. Most of the U.S. MI provider of capital of U.S. MI business are U.S. based, therefore, U.S. taxpayers. So I would expect, in general, so that should means, everything else being equal, which is never is, that the returns would increase for the U.S. MI provider. Therefore, the question is, is that – will they be okay with this? Will investor expect a higher return? Or did the risk change in any significant way? So I think all else being equal, I would expect the market has been such not only in MI specific, it’s also P&C in any market, for that matter, phenomenon that if there’s more money left after you pay the tax, man that there was an adjustment for returns. So we would expect to have some kind of effect. I don’t think we’re seeing it quite yet, because as we all know, collectively, there’s PMIERs 2.0 on the horizon. And done my taper somewhat what happens over the next six or seven quarters. We don’t have a crystal ball, as you know, but all else being equal, when tax rate goes down, when there’s more money available for shareholders, and everything else being equal, which would expect price to go down slightly. Yes, we would.
Brian Meredith: And I’m just curious, Marc, on your 15% kind of return assumption is based on minimum that you’re looking in the MI business. What is the tax rate that you’re assuming on that?
Marc Grandisson: Mark, you mean, just pretty [indiscernible] It hasn’t changed…
Mark Lyons: Yes. We would expect that incremental benefit now, Brian, of course, the 35% to 21% that we have, it’s all U.S. we have a U.S. tax group that goes beyond mortgage, of course, it’s all very – everybody talks about the other U.S. stock companies benefiting enormously. If you have other U.S. based income you are benefiting too, just as we are.
Marc Grandisson: And Brian, we said we are meeting the 15% return, which means my implication is above that.
Brian Meredith: Right, right. I was just thinking it’s 35% with the tax rate you were using and I guess it will 21% not kind of your blended tax rate with the quarter share offshore.
Marc Grandisson: Well, before we were paying 35%, there was a quarter share to ARL for capital management purposes, so that would blend into 17.5% absent FET on the other side. Now I’d say, 25% for what’s in the U.S. and then there is a quarter share although we have to weigh that with the B tax that comes into play as well. So we’re somewhat similar – in a similar position after tax then we were before if not improved slightly as Mark mentioned.
Brian Meredith: Perfect. And then another one, just curious your Watford, looking the results you continue to have fairly high combined ratio this year. What is the kind of outlook right now for Watford as we think about it?
Mark Lyons: I think it’s purpose, it still very much alive, I mean, we have other guys coming up with total return reinsurance still as of yesterday I believe it was announced in the marketplace. So I think that one thing that happen to Watford is that they were essentially participating on the property cat portfolio and so to happen to run into the 2017 cat as well. So the question is, was this appropriate then we can look back and be money, money quarter back. But at the core of what Watford is doing, we are – there is no much change for it purpose and it’s still very much alive and what it’s doing. The reinsurance play as you guys remember what initially what we are trying to do get Watford into there is been a shift over the last six quarters, as I mentioned the reinsurance market terms and conditions got progressively worse since we established Watford Re. There is a push for Watford to become more of an insurance provider in the U.S. And that will certainly help those kinds of combined ratio and volatility specifically around their results.
Marc Grandisson: I think another variety. A good characteristic to keep in mind is, they are north of 50% – I think they have 55% in the quarter direct on their own paper rather than being [indiscernible]
Brian Meredith: Got it, helpful. And then last just quick one here, in the MI business, Marc, is it possible to give us what the kind of reduction you see on AIG quarter share kind of look like in 2018 versus 2017?
Mark Lyons: In a premium sense.
Brian Meredith: Yes, the premium, just like most of the growth in that obviously right is the AIG…
Mark Lyons: It’s not a big follow up as you think.
Brian Meredith: Okay.
Mark Lyons: Brian, overall annually, it’s only in the tens of millions.
Brian Meredith: Got it. Thank you.
Mark Lyons: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning and I’d also like to echo my congrats to Dinos for being leading one of the top value creator franchises out there. Two questions, the first question is going back to the discussion on the insurance AYLR and I think you mentioned there was some movement from the attritional losses. Can you just maybe just flush that out a bit more in terms of how we should think about the underlying LR trend going forward. And does it drop off or there is some volatility continue going forward?
Mark Lyons: Let me start it. I think the ongoing movement over the last few years and Marc has highlighted in the past of smaller policies lower limits continues to constrict the volatility, which is part of the game plan. And large attritional losses you still occasionally get we got it from the fourth quarter of last year, you got it again this year. It seem to be a common theme on insurance and reinsurance on the onshore energy being the exposure that’s generating that, which is requiring different actions associated with it because you have to have a common view of that across. So I think the corrections for that are going to go – take a long way for stabilizing. And you could never say never, but that’s a high capacity business that can hit you with large pops.
Amit Kumar: And just to be clear, there wasn’t any adverse movement netting out against favorable movement in reserves?
Mark Lyons: No, insurance was basically flat.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, it was basically flat. But some plus or minus but overall it’s not.
Amit Kumar: Not so material, okay. I guess the only other question I have is, maybe a broader question. And this is for Marc, based on the transition I was curious, this obviously has been in the pipeline for sometime in terms of the overall. Have there been times when you thought differently then Dinos and strategically how do you think about Arch from here going on forward.
Marc Grandisson: The best question, the best way to answer that, I’ll ask Dinos to chime in to confirm what I’m going to say. But I think the Mark Lyons, myself and Dinos work together for over 16 years. We’ve had our differences and our agreements and disagreements, but by and large, I think over time we find ourselves a lot more agreeing on things and not. I think we’re both – and three of us come from the very rational – very economically rational way to analysis businesses and make decisions. And I think that’s something that is sometimes missed or that you should appreciate that. And I think Dinos would echo this, the strategic visions or the strategic play that we have did and we did over the 16 years were not – Dinos was certainly the proponent and the one publically advocating and talking about them. But all these things were really done and claim to as we talk together jumble our results were very instrumental on this as well. So I think that we all grew together in that environment and had more success then failures, I mean, we don’t do everything right. But I think the overall – I think we grew to agree more together not because I came to his view or he came to my view is because if you look for the truth and look for the right rational thing to do, we sort of come up to the same or very often the very similar conclusion. That’s what I have noticed over the last 16 years.
Dinos Iordanou: Let me give you my two cents on it. What Marc says absolutely correct. First and foremast with a very collaborative management team and beyond that we’re very collaborative with our Board of Directors. So, the alignment is to where we are going to, yes, we do the groundwork, the management team does the groundwork. And Marc mentioned himself and Mark Lyons and me, but there were others. There is Nicolas and there is Maamoun and I can go on and on and on and there is Pres and on and on and on. So there is collaboration in examining what the opportunities and where we are going to go. And the good thing about it, is that when we arrive at a decision then beyond is about execution is not about – if I step back and I look at the past 16 years, I would put a 95% plus agreement between the senior management team and the board ratification of where we wanted to go. The other 5% I don’t – I will never call it as a major disagreement, but directionally maybe a little more to the right and a little more to the left. And then at the end we agree as to how we’re going to do it. And I expect the future to be pretty much in the same direction. Having said that, let me also address the other aspect of what we are as a company. We’re opportunistic. So I don’t know what opportunities will be detected in two years from now, three years from now, four years from now. But I can say me – my duties as a Director and being on the board – and the management team operationally, which occasionally bring ideas up to the board as to what we’re going to do. That collaboration is going to continue, but I can tell you what the future is going to say, if there is a change in strategy. If there was a change, is because based on our opportunistic approach to the business, we see an opportunity in the future that it wasn’t present today or in the past as we’ve done with the mortgage. None of us thought we’re going to be in the mortgage insurance business when we started in 2002 all the way until the financial crisis. And then after that, we saw the opportunity. We worked on it first as a reinsurer and then later on, we said, there’s more value to be a primary insurer and we took and the acquisition to get us there. So I don’t – I mean, it’s a very important question, but I think we’ve done a great job in not only transitioning leadership and building from within, which basically it’s another one of our foundations – a lot of senior managers, they grow within the Arch culture, and we like to promote from within. And we don’t rely significantly ongoing and bringing outside talent, but it makes it easier later on to execute the strategy because everybody’s in alignment. And I believe because we do have that collaborative culture. Listen, John Vollaro officially retire in 2009, right? I don’t think anybody here thinks he ever retired. Like I said, yes, you do retire, you don’t in our operational, John was never operational. I will never be operational. The management team’s responsibility is to be operational and make all those decision, but they’re for consultation. People they’re going to call, we’re going to discuss things. We’re going to discuss them at the board. And at the end, I don’t anticipate major changes unless the market dictates this because there is an opportunity that none of us is seeing today, but we might see the future. Marc?
Marc Grandisson: Great. I agree with you.
Mark Lyons: I’m interest. There are the bunch of shrinking violates on the measurement.
Amit Kumar: I will stop here. Thanks, again. And I’m sure Lyons is following. So I will stop it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoffrey Dunn from Dowling & Partners. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Dunn: Thank you, good morning. I wanted to dig into the credit development on the MI front a little bit more. Stripping out some of the things you’ve highlighted, it looks like you’re still running and incidents maybe up around 12%. Can you confirm where you are in your incident assumptions on new core notices? And if it is still above 10%, what does it take to get you down there?
Marc Grandisson: Actually we – the reason ones are getting below 10%, but we were about 12.5% over the last two, three quarters. So we’ve crossed it, but it’s a one quarter, Geoff. So who knows if it’s holds up there.
Geoffrey Dunn: So you have touched down on your assumption to 10%?
Marc Grandisson: No.
Mark Lyons: It’s just for the cats.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. For cat – yes, I make point on the cat for the – lower than 5% of what we expect right now. It’s still early to tell that…
Geoffrey Dunn: See, I’m talking on the core number.
Marc Grandisson: The regular stuff. Yes. We’re slightly below 10%. For the recent, last few quarters of delinquencies that’s what we expect ultimately.
Geoffrey Dunn: Great. And then with respect to the PMIERs cushion. How much of a drag on the cushion whether there’s quarter from the hurricane notices?
Mark Lyons: Well, the hurricanes pretax load was really not that large, so you can kind to deduce that is not a big deal. It was south of $5 million.
Geoffrey Dunn: South of a $5 million capital drag?
Mark Lyons: No. South of $5 million cat reserve provision.
Geoffrey Dunn: No, no. I’m talking about capital drag on the PMIERs ratio.
Mark Lyons: The PMIER is $72.5 million of drag. We had to put a sign for the new notices. That’s the question. Sorry, Geoff, we didn’t get that.
Geoffrey Dunn: All right. And then my last question is obviously, you’re running the highest cushion in the industry right now with respect to PMIERs. It’s going to go even higher to get these notices out of the inventory. Post PMIERs 2.0, what type of cushion do you expect to run?
Marc Grandisson: We can’t be talking about this. You know we’re under an NDA. You of all people should know this.
Geoffrey Dunn: I’m not looking for the capital level. I’m looking for the relative cushion. Is it the 10% or the 20% cushion or whatever Post PMIERs 2.0 says?
Marc Grandisson: We’re unable to tell you this, but we can tell you this, Geoff. We’ll have to get there. When you finalize – it’s going to be $5 million this year. We’re going to have the final thing. This will be more like a second quarter call discussion.
Geoffrey Dunn: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. My questions were answered. I feel like I should make a comment about Dinos. So I was involved – I worked on the IPO of Arch, so it just goes back many years. At that point, many of you remember there was a lot of companies come in public and being formed, and they all sounded reasonably good. Good risk management, good underwriting, good management teams, and the question would often come up, well, which ones are the best. And I would tell people like ask me about 15 years and I’ll have a good answer. Well, I think we have our answer now. Congratulations, Dinos. Thank you.
Dinos Iordanou: My eyes are getting watttery now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: Thank you. I’ll just follow up with there, which is, as I recall, around that same time Dinos, you and John will remember these meetings well. Everyone giving you a hard time about Zurich and questioning your ability to be successful at Arch, I think a lot of people regret they haven’t given a board on sooner or so.
Dinos Iordanou: Listen, I make pleasure on making – proving people wrong.
Ian Gutterman: That’s – it’s a get motivator. My first tenancy question is Kai kind of stole my thunder here a little bit, Marc. But my first question is, will the menu change next quarter?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I don’t know. My duties going forward is – board duties, choosing the menu for the calls. I won’t participate on the calls, but I’m going to be talking to the chefs as they’re going to offer for lunch. And, of course, I’ll be available for golf games and dinners, especially if I don’t have to pick up the tab. So you know my number, so if it’s the golf games with good dinners, and I’m always available.
Ian Gutterman: My follow-up question for you on that, Dinos, is in your prepared remarks where you talked about Arch’s secret sauce, I thought that was just tzatziki.
Dinos Iordanou: Tzatiki’s too – this is my mother’s secret sausage – I mean, secret sauce, which is a lot better than tzatziki. Tzatziki, every Greek restaurant has it.
Ian Gutterman: That’s good. So series questions, last quarter we had a discussion about cats. I’m sure you recall about the so-called missing losses and the modern agencies never being right in the first time and all ways being too low and how it will play out. And it seems that the way is played out is actually the modeling estimates were too high for once, and everyone is releasing reserves just three months out. So I’m curious now that you had some more time to assess, what do you think – what are the implications for that? I mean, is there a reason to believe there’s some – there was a flaw in the models and we might see them be high in the future again like this? And we need to reassess how we think about hurricane risk? Or it’s just – this was an anomaly in every once in a while, they’re going to be way too high?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. So if you look at that loss, Ian, we thought about it, and most of the uncertainty and change in our ultimate were in the reinsurance segment. So if you look at our loss, the difficulty in analyzing this loss was how widespread it was among many primary companies. And then soon – clearly, it was not as concentrated as we thought it was. So this became clear to us after repeated discussion what our clients on the reinsurance side, I’m talking. Insurance side, we haven’t changed much of our view. It’s still the losses are the losses. We have them and it’s not going away in the sense that there were – there’s less in that estimate. But on the reinsurance side, I’m going to say that collectively as an industry, that might explain some of the exuberance that we’ve seen on other calls or in the January 1 renewal that loss is largely an insurance loss. So that made it a lot harder. We are insurance with most of our capacity on the cat is allocated to their reinsurance. So it was very hard at the end of last quarter to re-evaluate what loss have are coming from. So I’ve asked our team in Bermuda to see what kind of return period that are we looking at for those kinds of losses. And we’re in the one to 20, one to 30 years, so it’s not as unusual as you might think it is. So, I guess, I would just describe it to the fact that the losses spread out, and the losses in California, which could have been more concentrated, actually didn’t know it’s a significant loss. But is not significant enough that it will have that much of an impact on certainly under reinsurance segment and on the broader marketplace. So I think it’s still possibly also too early. There might be some losses that develop afterwards. There might be some creep of the policy language that may change things. These are things that we’ll level have to see how they develop. But so far, you’re right. I think that missing losses are not missing. They were probably not there to begin with, specifically on the reinsurance side. Dinos, you want something to add?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, I will pick up on what Mark said. I mean, yes, the losses in the aggregate, I mean, it’s three losses and then you have the California fires and all that. It’s still over $100 billion – It’s still over $100 billion. So this is not what I would call a small event. But as Mark said, most of the absorption of these losses came by the primary riders. And for that reason, the reinsurance market and especially some of the – what you will call alternative capital did not get hurt as much as potentially could have been hurt. And for that reason, that capacity remain in the marketplace and it got easily reloaded, et cetera. And that has an effect as to how you’re going forward to with the rate. I don’t know if Mark and in his comments was more specific. In the primary property arena, we’ve seen gradually improvement on the pricing that is not diminishing. It’s happened in December and it’s continuing in January. And at the end of the day, I anticipate – he’s going to continue because that’s where they heard is. Most of the losses they’re getting paid by the primary companies. Now it didn’t affect to reinsurance as much and for that reason, I think there’s capacity is plentiful. And rates have not escalated based on what we were anticipating. Mark mentioned 5% to 10%, which is not – what we want. If you was 30%, you would have met our threshold. You would have seen us writing a lot more cat business than…
Marc Grandisson: The only chapter we haven’t seen I think the last is Maria loss in Puerto Rico. That’s the only one I would say we throw back that you, Ian, and saying it’s still not too early, but we still have to see how that one develops. I think Harvey and Irma are pretty much pin down right now.
Mark Lyons: Let me just throw in once again. I know you asked an industry question, as it relates to Arch, especially with Dinos and Marc’s comments about the primary side. In the prepared remarks, they’ve comment that the reinsurance releases treaty and facultative. As facultative is the sister process, rest by portfolio similar to insurance. But attachment point saves you there. And the primary guys are ground up whereas the facultative unit is very skilled where to attach.
Ian Gutterman: First, I guess, I was trying to ask something a little bit different, I guess more than sort of the pricing impact or there temper is the more about – it seems like damageability across the events, across all three events was a lot less than we all would have thought. And to be honest, Marc, it’s not just the reinsurance that’s a primary, it’s been Harper release, Allstate release, Travelers release in big dollars, right? So everyone seems like just damageability per claim there’s been a lot less in the miles expect, I’m wondering if there’s some – is that an anomaly? Or do we think there’s something meaningful on their that might make us reassess how we about cat risk?
Marc Grandisson: Well, the only think I would tell you Ian is, I live in Florida, I mean Marco Island and the eye hit right over my house et cetera. My house had very little damage maybe $20,000 because is build with a new standard. So it’s a Cat 5 type of a home. And for that reason, the damage I had it was by new. But I can tell you when I drive around Marco Island, most of the roof damage has not been repaired yet. There are still tarps and believe me, there is price escalation. I have a neighbor that he lost 30 tiles in his roof and the cheapest price it got to repaired it was $4000 that’s over $100 a tile, I mean he says, I’m not getting water in the house, so I’m going to repair it, because I’m going to wait for prices to come down, but there is – there’s still – there might be a little creep that we haven’t seen yet.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Thank you guys.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Ian.
Operator: Thank you. And I’m showing no further questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for any closing remarks.
Dinos Iordanou: My only closing remarks thank you all it’s being a pleasure work with you over the years. And remember I’m available for golf games and I’m available for dinners. So I’ll see you around. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marc Grandisson - President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Amit Kumar - Buckingham Research Brian Meredith - UBS Jay Cohen - Bank of America Meyer Shields - KBW Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Ian Gutterman – Balyasny
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2017 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Mark Lyons. You may begin.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This past quarter, natural catastrophe significantly impacted the industry with three major hurricanes, large earthquakes in Mexico, and other ongoing events that are likely to make 2017 one of the costliest, if not the costliest for the insurers in history. Although we were impacted by these losses, our diversified platform and good investment performance made this quarter an earnings event for us and I'm pleased to note that our book value per share increased by a $0.01 in the quarter to $59.61. Based on expected industry catastrophe losses in the range of $80 billion to $100 billion, our guesstimates after-tax net losses of $320 million from all events in the third quarter. We have arrived at this estimate through a combination of top-down model industry loss estimates and a bottom-up review of reported losses from our insurers. I'm sure many of you are puzzled as I am that by aggregating all the reported losses so far and adding an estimate for those companies and markets that have not yet reported, we cannot get anywhere close to the bottom-end of the model range. While those losses are significant, this quarter again demonstrated core principle of large risk management philosophy. As expected, returns from property and property cat risk have declined over the past several years, our underwriters were focused on risk adjusted returns, and accordingly, significantly reduced their writings. Implementing this approach is not easy, as competitors in both the traditional and alternative markets have accepted business at margins we deem inadequate. However, the weakness of these margins are only exposed in a volatile catastrophe year, like 2017. As a result of these catastrophe losses in the third quarter, we're reporting a net loss of $52 million, or $0.39 per share, and on an operating basis, a net loss of $107 million, or $0.79 per share. Arch remains in positive territory for the nine months, with net income of $363 million and operating income of $260 million for the nine months ending September 30, 2017. And we expect a positive year by year-end. Now turning to third quarter results, our reported combined ratio was 110% in the quarter on a core basis. Mark Lyons usually defines that, and in a moment, he will give you the definition, and includes 30.7 points of catastrophe losses, partially offset by 5 points of favorable prior year development from all three segments in the quarter. Catastrophe losses pushed our reinsurance segment combined ratio to 127.4% combined ratio in the third quarter. Although excluding catastrophe activity and prior year development, the combined ratio improved to 96.9% sequentially in the third quarter of 2017, as large attritional loss activity in a property fac unit moderated. Catastrophe losses also increased our insurance group's combined ratio in the quarter, which rose to a 138.7% combined ratio. Excluding catastrophes and prior year development, the combined ratio was 98.9% in the third quarter, compared to 99.4% in the second quarter of 2017. This quarter's catastrophe events also demonstrates one benefit of a diversification into a mortgage insurance business, with earnings from mortgage substantially offsetting losses in our other two segments. While we expect a temporary increase in delinquency notices to occur from this natural catastrophes, we believe the language of master policies generally preclude liability for the mortgage insurer when a home has suffered extensive physical damage, and historically, actual losses from catastrophic events, such as Hurricane Katrina, have had minor effect in the MI industry. Our mortgage segment, excluding prior year development, improved its combined ratio slightly to 42.2% from last quarter. The integration of the U.S. primary mortgage operations continue to progress very well and it remains on or slightly ahead of our target. Marc Grandisson and Lyons will give you more flavor on that. Net investment income for the third quarter of 2017 was $94.1 million, or $0.70 a share, and increased marginally from the second quarter. As you know, we manage our investment portfolio on a total return basis, which, on a U.S. dollar basis, was a positive 160 basis points for the quarter and 126 basis points on a local currency basis. Our equity and alternative portfolios were the principal drivers of the quarter's returns. Before I turn the call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs. As we mentioned last quarter, we are also reporting to you our exposure to mortgage risk from a systemic stress event, or what we call a realistic disaster scenario, or RDS, which at the end of the quarter is stood at 15.7% of tangible common equity. We have begun using tangible rather than stated equity as a result of the United Guaranty Corporation acquisition as we believe that this is a more prudent risk management base. Our property cat exposures are substantially the same as last quarter with our 1-in-250 year peak zone, which continues to be the Northeast PML, which is at 6.6% of tangible common equity. You will see additional PML numbers in our 10-K, which is being filed. I will now turn over the call to Marc Grandisson to comment on our operating units and market conditions before we go to Mark Lyons for financial reporting, and then, we'll take your questions. Marc?
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos, and good morning to you all. This was an eventful quarter for the millions of people directly affected by catastrophes as well as the insurance industry and for those of us at Arch. Before discussing the events of the quarter, it's worth commenting on some of the recent management changes that have occurred here. One of our senior executives and an important member of our management team, David McElroy decided to retire. Fortunately, our deep bench included our highly regarded colleague, Nicolas Papadopoulo, who agreed to take on the insurance leaders role. In turn, this allowed Maamoun Rajeh to step up to lead the reinsurance group. Both have been with us since 2001 and are terrific executives with a proven track record. We thank Dave for his leadership and are pleased that he has agreed to continue making his contributions to Arch as a respected senior advisor to the company. I'm also looking forward to Nicolas and Maamoun flourishing in their new roles. Turning now to the third quarter cat events, I would like to add my thanks to our underwriting teams, who have demonstrated discipline as reflected by the decrease in our property writings over the last five years in response to declining premium rates. In cat exposed business lines on a gross basis, Arch wrote over $800 million of property and marine premiums in 2017, and at the right risk-adjusted price, we have available capacity for additional property risk. To put again our capacity in perspective, our 1-in-250 single event PML is still very low at 6.6% of tangible common equity, which allows us to increase property writings should pricing improve materially. We believe that the third quarter cat events will prove difficult to assess, especially on the insurance side. The potential issues with flood and business interruption coverages as well as the assignment of benefit issue in Florida creates uncertainty in the estimation process. As a result, we estimate a greater share of our aggregate loss will come from the insurance group. Turning to current property market conditions, we are still evaluating our tactics as the market remains in flux. If 2005 is any guide, and we have some reason to believe that it could be, it will take several months for the market to find an equilibrium. However, for cat exposed business, we believe that substantial rate increases are required to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return. Focusing on the P&C insurance market conditions, they remain challenging, although we have seen some rates stabilized towards the end of the third quarter, particularly in the property sector. Most other areas had continuing adequacy erosion. After factoring in rate changes of a positive 190 basis points and an overall loss trend year-on-year of approximately 200 basis points, we had small margin erosion of 10 basis points for all lines in the third quarter in our U.S. P&C insurance operations. Our low volatility businesses continue to achieve rate increases, while the more complex, high capacity, more commodity driven lines of business continue to see rate decreases. Our third quarter view consistent with the last several quarters was that most areas of the P&C insurance had expected returns that are below our threshold to grow our writings in these lines. Turning now to reinsurance, we continue to focus on the opportunities that have relative rates strength. We are hopeful that more favorable returns will be available in property, but, as always, we will have to see how the January 1st renewal settle before we have a clearer view of the opportunity. Our reinsurance net written premium increased by 35%, largely due to a specific loss portfolio transfer transaction as well as some reinstatement premiums from the cat events. Excluding the effect of these distortions, our growth was more modest at 8%. This growth is due to our seizing niche opportunities, such as motor and some specialty reinsurance. Our property writings decreased due to market conditions as our reinsurance group continued to focus on margins. Now switching gears to mortgage insurance, or MI, as stated in prior quarters, the earnings contribution from our MI segment is again proving to be a diversifying offset to difficult conditions in our P&C operations. Our MI segment expense ratio improved to 20.6% at the end of the third quarter, while our new insurance written, or NIW, in the U.S. was $17.7 billion for the third quarter, a slight increase of 2% over the second quarter, largely due to our targeted decrease in single premium business. Although not all MI companies have reported yet, we estimate that Arch U.S. MI's market share may have dipped slightly below 24% in the third quarter of 2017. This is consistent with our expectations as we focus on improving the risk adjusted returns of our mortgage portfolio. In the third quarter, 80% of our U.S. NIW came through our risk-based pricing platform, which, as of last week, is fully integrated into a single RateStar module. We are writing primary U.S. MI business, with an expected ROE still above our long-term target of 15%. The overall quality of the risks written remain very strong and we continue to experience favorable developments in our U.S. MI reserves consistent with what you may have heard from others. Arch wrote five new U.S. GSE credit risk sharing transactions, or CRTs, bringing our total risk in-force from them to approximately $2.5 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2017. Average yield in the CRTs remain healthy and ROEs are above our long-term targets. However, competition in this space is heating up and this could affect our risk appetite for new writings in coming quarters. We executed our first mortgage capital markets transaction this week, Bellemeade Re, which is the risk management tool and helping manage our capital. We view the market's growing acceptance of these securities as confirmation that the mortgage market is originating products of very high credit quality with low risk of default. In summary, we will be preparing for opportunities that the market allows, but, as always, we will be disciplined and opportunistic. Now, here is Mark with the more detailed financial analysis. Mark?
Mark Lyons: Great. Thank you, Marc, and good morning, all. First, I'll make some summary comments for the third quarter, all on a core basis. And as a refresher, the term core corresponds Arch's financial results, excluding Watford Re or the other segment, whereas the term consolidated includes Watford Re. I did notice that a lot of the analyst reports, the preliminary analyst reports, were pulling combined ratios that are – the consolidated combined ratios, which is really not accurate. That's a 180 basis points more than core. If you take the 11%, rather than the 100% of Watford, it only moves up 20 basis points to 110.2% and that's the proper way to look at it. It's worth noting that operating earnings per share for the quarter reflects, in accordance with GAAP, the use of basic shares rather than fully diluted shares since the company incurred an operating loss. This translated to nearly a $0.03 increase to the operating loss per share since approximately 4.4 million fewer shares were utilized in the operating EPS calculation. However, on a year-to-date nine-month basis, fully diluted shares are utilized since the company has positive operating income also per GAAP. Claims estimates recorded in the third quarter from 2017 catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums, as Dinos mentioned, were 30.7 loss ratio points compared to 1.3 loss ratio points in the third quarter of last year on the same basis. Approximately $348 million of pre-tax losses and nearly $320 million of after-tax losses emanated from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, along with the Mexican earthquakes with the balance reflecting minor adjustments to estimates like catastrophic events that occurred in the first half of the year. Approximately 62% of the quarter's catastrophic loss estimates stemmed from the insurance segment and 38% from the reinsurance segment. In total, Hurricane Harvey accounted for 37% of the quarter's cat losses, Hurricane Irma accounted for 45% and Hurricane Maria 16% and 2% in total for the balance. As for the California wildfires that occurred during the fourth quarter, our early read is that it will be about $25 million to $30 million, which is roughly equal to our quarterly cat load. As per prior period, pure net loss reserve favorable development, 5.4 loss ratio points was reported in the quarter, led by the reinsurance segment with approximately 60% of the total, the mortgage segment accounting for approximately 35% of that favorable development and the insurance segment was about 5%. Approximately 70% of the mortgage segment favorable development emanated from the U.S. primary first-lien portfolio and about 22% stemmed from net favorable development resulting mostly from subrogation recoveries by the second-lien portfolio that came over as part of the UGC acquisition and that is a runoff operation. The reinsurance segment net favorable development was across short, medium and long-tail lines and was scattered throughout the 2002 to 2014 underwriting years. The overall calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was a 110% and when adjusting for cats and prior period development, the core accident quarter combined ratio was 84.4% compared to 93.4% in the third quarter of 2016, driven mostly by the mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio of 41.2%. The reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, of 96.9% compares to the third quarter of 2016's 96.4%, while the insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 98.9%, as Dinos mentioned, compared to 97.7% in the third quarter of 2016. The reinsurance segment also participated in a $45 million premium size, retroactive reinsurance transaction, as Marc Grandisson noted, that contains sufficient risk transfer under GAAP for insurance accounting treatment. The reinsurance segment calendar combined ratio is 4.5 points lower this quarter, due to the inclusion of this transaction. Without this transaction, the reinsurance segment calendar quarter loss ratio would be 40 basis points higher and the expense ratio would be 4.1 points higher. And this should be considered when examining the risk combined ratio. Now, this transaction also created distortions on a current accident quarter basis. When adjusted, the reported current accident quarter loss ratio and combined ratio of 63.5% and 96.9%, respectively, becomes a lower 58% accident quarter loss ratio and 96.4% combined ratio, thereby revealing stronger underlying fundamentals. The reported insurance group accident quarter, excluding cat, loss ratio increased approximately 30 basis points quarter-over-quarter and after controlling for large attritional losses, actually increased by approximately 80 basis points, due to the lower level of such losses this quarter versus the third quarter of 2016. As a result of the ongoing competitive conditions in the P&C markets, we continue our conservative approach towards current accident year loss picks. However, the typical conditions in the insurance and reinsurance markets were more than offset by the continued improving profitability of the mortgage segment amplified with their net earned premiums being a larger proportion of the total. The mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio, as stated earlier, improved to 41.2% from 55.8% in the third quarter of last year and their net earned premiums represented similar to last few quarters about 25% of the core net earned premium, compared to only 9.1% in the third quarter of 2016. Remember that in the mortgage segment, accident quarter has the different connotation than in the P&C world and is more similar in concept to claims made businesses in the P&C space since the notice of default defines the assignments to the appropriate quarter. Earlier Marc Grandisson had commented on Bellemeade Re mortgage-linked note that was executed this week. The cost associated with this 10-year term cover will be approximately $11 million as ceded premium for the first fiscal year, and will then reduce as the underlying unpaid principal balances amortized through the securities. Similar to last quarter, there were some non-recurring costs in the third quarter resulting from the UGC acquisition. This quarter such non-recurring costs totaled $3 million, even in contrast to last quarter's $2.7 million and the first quarter of 2017's $15.6 million. The sources of cost emanated from severance outplacement and trailing UGC transaction costs. During the third quarter, there were 56 mortgage employees that were noticed for an October 1st termination date. In accordance with GAAP similar to last quarter, the severance costs associated with these employees were accrued. This brings the year-to-date employee reduction total to 338 and additionally 28 contractors have been eliminated in the quarter, bringing that year-to-date total to 87. When combined with the actions taken in the first and second quarters of 2017, the cumulative quarterly run rate employee salary savings are $8.3 million per quarter, which will be $33.2 million on an annual basis. We will continue to comment in future quarters about any other actions that are taken and their associated financial impact. Pure severance costs for the first nine months of 2017 totaled $13.2 million, and given the nature of these expenses and consistent with last quarter, we have excluded this $3 million from operating income as they are not part of our true operating performance. As respect to the effective tax rate with our changing portfolio and geographic mix, the third quarter of 2017 tax rate on pre-tax operating income of minus 7.4% requires some clarification. The U.S. property and casualty companies within the U.S. tax group, although incurring material underwriting losses due to the catastrophic events discussed previously, had these losses overshadowed by gains emanating from our U.S. mortgage unit. This put the U.S. tax group in a tax paying position, even though the company overall sustained operating losses. The underlying effective annual tax rate grew to 19% even, for the year, for the same basic reason which is a lower level of estimated full year operating income that was forecast as of last quarter. The increase in the estimated effective annual tax rate causes the first two quarters of 2017 to be revaluated at this now higher rate, and this impact reduced earnings by $0.20 per share. Therefore, this tax adjustment is directly derivative from the catastrophic loss estimates. And as a reminder, our tax rate is affected by varying mixes of income by geographical distribution and any associated changes in local tax rates. As for after-tax operating income earnings per share accretion realized in the third quarter from the UGC acquisition, we examined our results with and without the impact of the acquisition and the accretion remains consistent with past quarters and continues to move towards the initial 35% target. In a similar vein, I'd also like to clarify as I did last quarter, some aspects of the profitability contributions for our three underwriting segments: insurance, reinsurance and mortgage. As stated earlier, when discussing the earnings per share accretion, the relative underwriting income is distorted by the catastrophic events this quarter. So if you adjust for long-term cat load as well as allocating intangible asset accretion and debt servicing costs and dividends and so forth by unit, on a year-to-date basis, the mortgage segment accounted for 60% of pre-tax operating income and the balance being 40% split with the reinsurance segment being 23% and insurance segment 17%. Management, however, continues to evaluate performance for the operating segments primarily by underwriting income and views and manages the investment function at a total return basis across all three segments. This alternative view that we just provided may provide you additional insight into our sources of overall profitability. It should also be stated that the increased additional profit streams provided by the mortgage segment permitted our after-tax catastrophe losses to only represent less than two quarters of operating earnings using the previous four quarters as the reference baseline. On a GAAP basis, at September 30 versus year end 2016, our debt to total cap ratio was 19.3% and total debt plus preferred to total capital ratio is 26.3%, down 240 basis points from year end 2016. This leverage reduction was due to a combination of paying down $100 million of our revolver facility debt this quarter and the growing common equity over the last nine months driven by retained earnings. During the third quarter, we partially redeemed $230 million of our Series C preferred shares. These shares carried a dividend rate of 6.75% and were replaced with a new Series F that achieved 5.45% annual dividend. This amounts to a $3 million annual savings. There was an associated charge of $6.7 million to net income, not to operating income or book value, to recognize the original costs associated with the Series C issuance as a result of the redemption. Core operating cash flows were $440 million, up $90 million relative to the third quarter of 2016, and this increase was primarily driven by growth in net premiums collected, primarily in the mortgage segment, partially offset by higher level of net paid losses in the P&C operations. Book value per share increased that mighty $0.01 per share and tangible book value increased as 0.4% sequentially this quarter. Tangible book value growth outstripped book value per share growth due primarily to intangible asset amortization. So with these introductory comments, we're now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan:  Hi, good morning.
Constantine Iordanou: Good morning.
Marc Grandisson: Hi.
Elyse Greenspan:  My first question, just going back to some of your initial commentary on the conference – on the market outlook. Dinos in the past and Marc as well, you guys have mentioned you kind of told your underwriters, put your pens down, let's wait for the market to turn. Are you thinking about telling them to get more excited and get ready to write more business at January 1? And then, I guess, or is it your expectation if rates are more and I guess this is more a reinsurance question, more in the impacted lines? Would that be something that we wouldn't really get more firmer pricing until some of the U.S. renewals later on in the year?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, it's a good question, but it's a complicated question. Let me say this. We look for moments like this as a company. By being patient in the years that pricing is not good, we get excited when prices might get much better. We don't know yet as to where this thing is going to go. Let me share some facts with you. If you add the reported losses so far is $31 billion, plus a number of major facilities haven't reported, meaning the retro or alternative market, Liberty Mutual, Berkshire Hathaway, State Farm, et cetera. Even if you come up with some good estimates for those losses, we might get to $45 billion, maybe we get to $50 billion, it's a long way from $80 billion to $100 billion. So I believe that either the models, they are predicting much bigger losses, which nobody seems to have the point of view because everybody is agreeing that this is an $80 billion to $100 billion aggregate event for the industry or maybe even more. So, stay tuned in further development. If we go back and we look at historically, Wilma developed by 68%, Sandy developed by 70% for the industry, and Katrina, we got it almost right, it only developed by about 20%. So I anticipate upward development to happen. I believe that we were very prudent in establishing our numbers, because you have to do bottom-up and a top-down approach and we actually waited more the top-down approach, which is how big is this, what is our market share, where do we have exposure. And as Marc said, we were cautious with our insurance group and we put what we believe is reasonable numbers for us. But depending what happens in the next quarter and depending what happens to pricing, I think we'd be ready to do quite a bit more, if the returns that would be acceptable to us. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Marc because he works with the units more day-to-day and he will give his comments too.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think to more practically, what's happening right now is, we're in the planning process, right. We have a portfolio, which I mentioned, a substantial portfolio of property, that's going to be renewed over the next 12 months, hopefully renew over the next 12 months. And right now, both our insurance teams and our reinsurance teams are actually going through the portfolio and assessing which one we need to get the rate, further rate increase or higher rate increase and so we're planning ahead as to how we're going to react. The problem that we're seeing right now is there aren't that many renewals as you pointed out for the reinsurance up until the 1st of January. So, we have a lot of time and have a lot of discussion and as you can appreciate, there is a lot of positioning by the various players in that market. So, we'll probably not know realistically how the reinsurance market plays out until very late in December. But we're going to have all the things laid on in front of us, knowing exactly how to react. On the insurance side, we've seen a couple of things emerge, couple of rate changes, we've seen, the first thing we started hearing is there is no more rate decrease which is a good place to be. But the rate increases are sedate for now. They are a little bit – they are coming up single to double-digit, but it's very sparse, there aren't that many things renewing right now. Again, we're very much on the reactive mode right now, evaluating on a weekly basis, I know Nicolas and Maamoun and their respective teams are talking constantly as to what's going to happen.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. One more comment about the available capacity in the marketplace is very, very hard to be estimated, because some players, they have significant capacity only because they believe that they have good support from the alternative markets and direct from market. So, the underpinning of their capacity on a gross basis is because that market was significant and it was at reasonable pricing. As a matter of fact, we were buyers in that market. We have no view yet, that's what is still in our minds, we have no view as to what's going to happen to the market, and then what will be the reaction of companies that they said, hey, I can do more on a gross basis because I got all these protection behind me. So, I can be a little more aggressive in the marketplace and maintain customer relationships, et cetera. So, it's all inter-related and as Marc said, our teams are there, we're willing and able, we have capacity, but it will depend all on expected returns based on pricing.
Elyse Greenspan:  Okay, great. I appreciate all the color. A couple of other numbers question. In terms of the tax rate, I guess, should we just expect to go back to around 14% in the fourth quarter and onward?
Mark Lyons: Well, think of it this way Elyse, the 19% contemplates a full year view. So as if the fourth quarter is more average with a normal cat load than we talked a little bit about California wildfires, the 19% should hold.
Elyse Greenspan:  Okay. And then in terms of the mortgage segment, can you tell us just kind of what the delta in terms of some of your additional severance cost? What expenses we could expect to come out in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter in terms of your operating expenses?
Mark Lyons: Well, in terms of – I quoted salary expenses to you, so that's run rate of 8.3% per quarter. To the extent that there is any other actions contemplated there, we only talk about that once they happen for a lot of employee morale and other aspects or reasons. There are associated additional costs with other kinds of compensation, employee benefits and so forth. But we really don't comment on that. But there is a lot of ongoing work with IT down over the next couple of years when redundant systems start to be peeled away, although savings and associated license costs will come to fruition.
Elyse Greenspan:  And then in terms of the acquisition cost ratio itself also came down in the quarter, how should we think about that in terms of the mortgage business going forward?
Mark Lyons: Well, first off, you should think about them in total between DAC and OpEx because there's always – you may think back to what we did at the end of the year, last year, because there's some – it's not like a direct sales force, so some of that goes into acquisition. And remember, say, as a result of the purchase, all the DAC got really written off. So, it's really buried within the intangible assets. So as one more and then subsequent, as we write more business, that's on a single basis, it creates a UPR, that PR grows, DAC grows and that has to be created over time. So, you should be seeing an increase in the acquisition ratio.
Elyse Greenspan:  Okay, that's great. Thank you very much.
Constantine Iordanou: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Thank you. I was wondering if you guys could help me out a little bit and think about the move to getting less exposed to property cat over the last, call it, five years, even longer maybe. How much of that is relying on the retro markets to be affordable? And how much of that is in the gross premiums of the company?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I'll give you my comments and Marc might add to it. Listen, independent of the retro market, we always look what is the pricing and what is the market accepting as a expected return on that business. When that business starting going to single-digits expected returns, we are starting to lose a lot of interest. And having said that, we do have a customer base that we want to maintain and continue to service. So then, that's when you look around and you say, maybe I combine more protection if that protection is available, and you will allow us to maintain relationship. But the reduction, clearly the reduction in our writings, it was driven by our view that the pricing of that business was not adequate for us. And for that reason, you can't go to zero and as a matter of fact, it's more difficult on the insurance side to cut as much back than on the reinsurance side, because you got brokers, agents, relationships or customers. So in essence, you know sometimes you do hedge your bet by buying more protection. And we've done all of those things. If the market improves significantly, you might see a different approach, we might keep a lot more net and we have capacity to do it. And also, you may see us expanding our exposure base because we like the pricing. Don't forget, we'll understand, we're in the business to deploy capital and make money for shareholders and we're not unwilling to take risk, we're just – we're not unwilling to take risk at inadequate price.
Marc Grandisson: Josh, the way we look at the reinsurance purchasing, specific on the reinsurance side, they're still partners of ours and we fully expect them to be there if no going forward next year and a year after, if the market were to present itself. But I would say that, it's certainly helped us managing the net exposure because the market was indeed getting softer for last five years, as you know. We actually – I would say that between our gross – our appetite to the market and relying on our partners, I mean, probably a 50-50 split between our management of the exposure. So, that's probably allowed us to stay a bit longer, while not the overly reliant if you will on the retro placement. So because at the end, they were nice to have. I think that our partners will still be there for the long haul, but we're not relying on this to write the business going forward.
Josh Shanker: Well, thank you very much. And one other unrelated question. In terms of the amount of earnings being suppressed in the UGC transaction due to your reinsurance relationships, sort of two questions. One, I think at the Investor Day, you spoke about the potential that you might think about doing that for a longer period in terms of reinsurance relationship with AIG. I just want to hear an update about that? And two, AIG provides data about how much that relationship is helping their P&L, but it seems to jump around a lot. Is that revenue steadier in your books or can we use AIG's numbers about UGC to understand the degree to which Arch's currently under earnings potential?
Mark Lyons: Good questions. I think I'm going to turn it around a little because I think you actually – your statement actually answered your question. Now, they don't have exact mirror accounting to us, they come up with their own views and estimates. But I think from an EP or earned premium, net earned premiums, ceded earned premiums to them assumed earned premium, I think that's a reasonable way to look at it. But clearly, when it's starting the downside of the effect of the AIG for this year diminishing each quarter.
Josh Shanker: And whether you would renew it or is there any talk about doing that?
Mark Lyons: No, there is not a renewing of that. That was 2014 through 2016...
Josh Shanker: You wouldn't do anything on the 2018 here with AIG or anything like that.
Mark Lyons: Well, if we did it, it wouldn't bound yet and I wouldn't be speaking about it.
Josh Shanker: Of course.
Constantine Iordanou: Everything is possible, Josh.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much.
Constantine Iordanou: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Q - Amit Kumar: Thanks, and good morning, and thanks for taking my questions.
Marc Grandisson: Speak up.
Constantine Iordanou: Amit, speak up, because we can barely hear you.
Q - Amit Kumar: Is this better now?
Constantine Iordanou: Yes.
Q - Amit Kumar: Well, thank you. So two quick follow-up questions. Number one is just going back to the discussion on industry losses, and I want to be clear that I understand this. Do you feel based on your statements that the industry loss will eventually get to the model's numbers we are hearing about? Or do you have a feeling that these models, and there was a lot of divergence between the numbers, overestimated the numbers. I guess I want to understand if we are overestimating it, then clearly the market does not turn, any optimism is a bit overdone.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. First and foremost, all I am saying is that everybody seems to congregate against the $80 billion to $100 billion. Both the modeling agencies, if you take their average or point estimates for reach of the storms and also a lot of competitors including us, so I think the models, probably they're projecting the right number. Now, I don't know every company's book, I am just making aggregate comments. But something doesn't add up, either that number is going to come down and your hypothesis is correct, if it comes down, people, they are not going to feel it is much on their P&L. So in essence, they might not, the market correction might be toned down. On the other hand, if you go to historical performance, model has never overestimated losses in the past and usually, our early estimates as an industry, they were below what they ended up. So, I will leave you the judge of where do you think is going to happen. I think we are going to have an effect that is not going to be felt totally for another two or three quarters before we know where these things are going to end up.
Marc Grandisson: Moving away from modeling for one second, Amit, I think if you move – if you park aside Maria, because this one has probably the most uncertainty in terms of modeling an alternative protection, it's really hard for us internally based on the modeling and based on what we know in terms of damage what happened is very hard to even consider that both Harvey and Irma are less than $25 billion each. So, that already takes us to the $50 billion. So before even considering Maria and the other event that happened, so that's why we are sort of building from there to – it's not a far reach to get to $70 billion, $80 billion, $90 billion, but I guess only time will tell. But I think it's very hard in isolation to just look at these two losses and think that they are going to like $15 billion each. It's very difficult for us, and that the implications of the industry losses that we have seen reported so far that these two losses would be a lot less than they seem at this point.
Q - Amit Kumar: Got it. That's actually helpful. The only other question I had was I guess going back to what Elyse and maybe Josh were asking, if you look at the subsegments in the reinsurance segment, they interplay between different segments. Even based on the market opportunities, should we be rethinking about, I guess, the total top-line and the returns differently, is that premature or how should we think about I guess the capital allocation between the different segments at this juncture?
Constantine Iordanou: It's very difficult because I can't answer you, because I don't know myself. What guide us is market pricing. At the end of the day, if you tell me what is going to be in January 1, maybe I can give you some projection. But not knowing that, I really don't know what we gear our people to do is to look for every opportunity available, we'll evaluate it and if we needed to be very agile and move capacity to one area versus another, we are there to do it. And if this is, we get another big event in fourth quarter with another catastrophe and the whole world take upside down for January 1, I can tell you there is a lot of actions we are going to take, including looking for additional capital and be in the business for our shareholders. That's what we get paid to do and we are willing to do it. Marc, right now, we are evaluating exactly this because back in 2005, it was pretty clear that the rewards – risk rewards was much more advantageous to the reinsurance team. We, at that time, allocated 80% of the cat capacity to the reinsurance team, and 20% therefore for the insurance group. This time around, it's different, right, because again, we don't know where the reinsurance market is going to go, a lot of these loses are retained within the company, so there may be a different outcome on the insurance side. So, right now as we speak, the two guys leading our reinsurance and insurance are going through it to see what kind of return they will be expecting next year, and therefore, giving us a plan of action as to what they are going to do. But they still have to collect information as we speak. The big question mark here, especially on the insurance side, is how much capacity has existed through these MGA facilities, that is somebody having the plan for somebody else and at the end of the day, their compensation is I got to write more, I got to write more, I got to write more, because they are commission-based compensation. And will these facilities survive the event and get renewed, and that capacity is available, or they go by their wayside, or they get terms that they move the market upwards. So we don't know that, because some of these facilities as is toning down what's happening in the market, they haven't expired, or they might require a six-month notice. So they're going to be used until they can be used. And if they are in place now and you don't think is going to be renewed, you're going to use it up to the last minute. So we don't know, there is a lot of things up in the air, we have our heads to the ground and we're looking at all these opportunities. But, it's not a clear picture yet.
Q - Amit Kumar: Okay. I got it. I'll stop here. Thanks for the answers, and good luck for the future.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. A couple of questions for you all. The first one, just curious and maybe I missed it. Did the RDS, which you provided in the mortgage, include the recent Bellemeade transaction or not, and if not, what that looks like with the recent Bellemeade transaction?
Constantine Iordanou: It does include it, what will be the number without it? Do you have the number, Mark?
Mark Lyons: Well, it's – did you quote what it was percentage?
Constantine Iordanou: 15.7%.
Mark Lyons: 15.7%, it's not much of a movement on it. The benefit from that is a couple hundred.
Constantine Iordanou: It's $200 million.
Mark Lyons: Yeah.
Brian Meredith: Okay, great. And then I'm just curious, you guys have Watford Re out there which is more kind of a liability facility. Are there any thoughts of creating facility that's more dedicated to severity or cat, if indeed the market doesn't rise enough to maybe be acceptable to you on a kind of a net basis putting a lot more cat risk on your balance sheet? Are there opportunities potentially to do something more from a gross perspective or in case fee income?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, we have two considerations there. One is, if the market improved significantly, we'll use a lot of our own capacity, but also we'll be very much interested in managing third-party capital, because we don't want to change our risk profile. We've done that after Katrina with Flatiron. On the other hand, if the market doesn't move, and there is people that they will be willing to get our underwriting skills and they're willing to accept may be a little less return than we will, we're not opposed to managing money in that fashion either. But that's not our preferred outcome. We like the market to get hard, so we can write more on our balance sheet and maybe write for our partners also.
Marc Grandisson: And Brian, I mean, I just appreciate you allow me to put the plug out there in the marketplace, if anybody's looking to deploy capital in this space, we'd love to talk to them. Yeah. Thank you for that.
Brian Meredith: Okay. And then just question, I guess you kind of alluded, kind of I was asking, maybe you can put specifics on, how much more rate do you kind of need in property cat to kind of take more on a net basis, do you think?
Marc Grandisson: Well, if the rates – right now the returns in the space are in the mid-to-high single-digits. So, it's not expected return and not extraordinary.
Brian Meredith: Right.
Marc Grandisson: So we've actually asked our team is what we are going through right now. We think that to get to a 15-plus return, we would need roughly 30% to 35% rate increase. So, we need a substantial increase in rate. What people forget is we have to be careful with looking at a rate that changed in isolation, I think it's been mentioned on other calls is that we are at a pretty low level compared to history for the last five or six years. So this is why – in 2005, when rates went up 10%, 15%, 20% we were in a very different market, pricing was a lot better, where it comes from, now it's not as good by any stretch of the imagination. So, we will need substantial rate increase to really fully deploy it and even then, Brian, as you know, we are very careful with our capital management, we will have to see it and have a good clarity of it before we commit fully to this. And I think it's going to take a gradual price increase and will take time, it's going to be a dynamic process for us to evaluate as we go forward. But, if you close your eyes and you roll the tape and you see the rates have gone up 50%, 60%, then I think we would have a lot more appetite to take on a net basis. But we will sort of have to work our way towards this, as we see if the market allows us.
Mark Lyons: And Brian that would be a composite because you have to take into account the underlying ceding company rate changes as well as what it might be on the cat rate itself.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, sure.
Brian Meredith: Right, right. And I guess adding on to that, I mean what do you think the possibility of something like that happening given it doesn't seem like there has been a change in the perception of risk with these events? I mean, the last time we had that type of rate increase, you had massive changes in the models.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I won't be too quick to make that judgment, yeah, if there is. I think smart people, they are going to step back and look at the events, and say, should we change our mind about how risky this business is and what kind of returns we should expect.
Marc Grandisson: I think there is a recognition right now, Brian, as we speak when we hear from our producers and from even the buyers of insurance or reinsurance for that matter, and the recognition that rates need to go up. So I think this consensus is building slowly but surely. But the question is how much if it does go up. I think to answer your question, we need to know will there be some creep, some increase in loss reserve – in loss estimation in a few players, will there be some change to rating agency perception of risk, will there some change to the modeling, there are a lot of things unfortunately, Brian, that need to happens for everything to converge to one area which was more the case in 2005 if you remember. We had a two or three things converging at the same time, which really helped it. And also frankly, we might be sitting in the next call, talking to you guys about this and still not know fully where it's going. In 2005, it took another four, it took really between June – May or June, March to June of 2006 to really see the market take hold and really find its footing, so it takes a little while longer than we would expect unfortunately.
Brian Meredith: Right, right. Yeah, yeah. There is also the release that the new, the models came out right around that time, right?
Constantine Iordanou: You got it. You got it.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Great, thanks.
Constantine Iordanou: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Yeah. Most of my questions are answered. Just I guess one follow-up. On the Bellemeade transaction, do you see this as the first of others given that this is a unique thing and you got it through. The next one might be a little easier.
Mark Lyons: Yeah, Jay. It's a good question. We do see that as an ongoing piece of our repertoire to manage risk management in the balance sheet, so yes.
Constantine Iordanou: And it's not the first one, it's the third one. Because United Guaranty, they too before us and then we've done the third one. And we're going to use that as a risk management tool, as we might use also a traditional reinsurance as a risk management tool.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Thanks.
Mark Lyons: You're welcome.
Constantine Iordanou: Welcome, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Two questions on Bellemeade, is the ceded written premium a one quarter event or is that going to play out over the...
Mark Lyons: Meyer, we can't hear you.
Constantine Iordanou: Hey, Meyer, could you please speak up?
Meyer Shields: Sorry.
Constantine Iordanou: You're not coming through. Go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Is it better?
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. Much better, much better, yes.
Meyer Shields: Okay, great. Sorry about that. I wanted to know whether the ceded written premium for Bellemeade is going to just impact, I guess, the fourth quarter or will it endure over the life of the contract?
Mark Lyons: No. That goes over time. You are going to see sessions associated with that every quarter.
Constantine Iordanou: Every quarter. The first year is the $11 million...
Mark Lyons: Yeah. That's right.
Constantine Iordanou: And then, it cascades down as...
Mark Lyons: Correct, which will be the case on every, think of it as a laddering. We do another Bellemeade, its first payment will be higher and decremented. And then if we do another one in 2018, there'll be a first payment that's higher and it will decrement.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, Meyer, the way it works is that you have the – it's on a – if you look at quarterly, the amortization of the limit is amortized overtime. It's a 5% of risk-in-force and if there's persistency of 80% per year, you would expect 80% of premium to be paid the next year and then a, 64% or the $11 million in the third year and so on and so forth. That's how the bond works, the $368 million, you know, will amortize over time.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. That's very helpful. And then just going to retroactive reinsurance transaction that's a second in two quarters, is there a – like a building market for that, that would align with broadly trading reserve redundancies across the industry?
Marc Grandisson: You're talking about the – talking about the -
Mark Lyons: Meyer?
Constantine Iordanou: No, no. He is talking about the reinsurance transaction, Marc. The retroactive reinsurance – yeah.
Marc Grandisson: Oh, the loss portfolio transfer.
Meyer Shields: Yes.
Marc Grandisson: We're seeing that market getting very active. And then we're very happy, very pleased with premium. Premium is a way ahead of its initial plan. And that's testament to our team's efforts in working very diligently. I think that there's a – like we said before I mean there's a lot of books of business specifically on the liability – this is a liability transaction, that's why it's booked in the casualty unit. There's a lot of books of business who have issues and worked, and people are trying to and I can't blame them, trying to find a new home for it to just move away from it and just put it behind them. This one is really meant to bring finality to that client. So I think we're going to see more of these, I think in terms of – sense of capital management and earnings management, you can expect more companies to look at it. There's a very, very healthy flow of offers in the book for our premium folks.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's perfect. Thanks so much.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good afternoon now. And so my first question is on the casualty line. I just wonder, do you think these increasing the property lines would spread out to the casualty lines. And do you see any sort of changing term underlying loss cost trends?
Constantine Iordanou: You've got multiple questions. First, we hope, but we don't see it. Second, it's needed, but we don't see it. And your third question, yes, loss cost, even though we're getting slight rate increases on average, we're having difficulty in – including us – we're sure pretty conservative in our underwriting, maintaining the same level of profitability. As a matter of fact, we lost another 20 bps of margin between what we believe the loss cost escalation was versus what kind of rate increases we got on average. Marc, you want to -
Marc Grandisson: No, we're not seeing it right now. We think it should happen, but actually it might actually be – have a perverse reaction as a result of property lines having losses, people might look at casualty and professional lines. For us casualty got to be clear, encompasses more – especially on the reinsurance, more than just GL, it also encompasses professional lines, it could have a perverse reaction that people use it as an excuse to get price decreases for accounts that haven't had a casualty loss in a while because – while look at the property accounts. They're giving you losses, we're not giving you account. So everybody will, I shouldn't probably be using these arguments on a call to give it to our clients. But I'm sure they'll be using them so.
Kai Pan: All right. And second question on capital management and you've paused buyback for the UGC transaction. And like, do you think you will return to buyback in 2018 in light of potential of the market pricing environment to get maybe better, you may find other place to deploy your capital?
Mark Lyons: I think, if I could just start. I think Kai, it's completely derivative to the other discussions we're having on property cat and the opportunity. The opportunity is strong then there was clearly a decreased likelihood of doing that on a return. So they're totally in balance with each other, we need to see where the market is, before we can really answer that.
Constantine Iordanou: Kai, if I have to guess, I think they're going to be the price movements that it will cause us to have more opportunities in the market. So but we don't know, stay tuned, ask same question in the fourth quarter.
Kai Pan: I will, thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah, thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Nice shot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open.
Constantine Iordanou: We're not telling you what's for lunch yet.
Ian Gutterman: That's okay. I actually really had a question for you. Are you familiar with the game Where's Waldo? Dinos?
Constantine Iordanou: No, no, no. My kids are certainly.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, that's okay. So we'll go with that. So what I found out, I know where the missing losses are.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah.
Ian Gutterman: Waldo took your profits from selling all his book and he you wrote a bunch of reinsurance. So when you find Waldo, you're going to find $50 billion.
Constantine Iordanou: Okay.
Ian Gutterman: But it could be in London, it could be in Bermuda, it could be in Germany, Waldo likes to hide in lots of places, so.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah.
Ian Gutterman: If you keep an eye out for Waldo, and you'll find the losses.
Constantine Iordanou: So when you find it, just call us, because then we might – help us with our strategy going forward.
Ian Gutterman: Yeah, you can look too, he could be anywhere so.
Marc Grandisson: Oh, we're looking.
Ian Gutterman: He might be delivering lunch today you never know. So my first question is, what – I'm sure you listen to some of these calls, and everyone is strident that they've learned from 2011, they've learned from 2005 and they're not going to late report this time. Where do you think the issues are? I mean a lot of the primary companies are even saying, we've closed most of our claims already like it's so obvious, we know what our inventory is, there's nothing that can surprise us. You mentioned program, outside of that are there other reasons we should see late reporting on what the primary companies are calling simple storms, at least outside Maria.
Constantine Iordanou: Listen, there is – I can go into a lot of directions. Flood always has been a big problem. Look at Sandy and how long did it take et cetera. Second, if you go to Florida there's a lot of snowbirds that haven't even gone down yet to start looking repairing their homes. And this assignment of benefits issue in Florida, it's going to have escalation of losses. So if they know they're closing and all that is news to me. At the end of the day, I'm only going by history and history has told us, there has always been an underestimation and we have more positive escalations than negative. People instead of taking reserves down they add it to overtime. So listen, if it's less it's less, and then maybe my number is too high. But how do I know?
Marc Grandisson: Ian, I think that the other thing you have to keep in mind, Ian, is if you have a portfolio of homeowners, very straightforward plain vanilla, and you had a lesser amount of risk, it's probably more likely that you'll be to close that file a bit quicker. The area where we think there's a lot more variability is on the E&S and on unoccupied buildings and the sort and that's going to take a while for everybody to really figure out what the coverages are going to be. And you have insurers who are – possibly been more sophisticated than a bit more better equipped to fight with the insurance companies. And surely we're seeing it as with the AOB phenomenon in Florida that surely doesn't help the matter. So I guess you have to put things in perspective and it depends who you talk about. But I would echo what Dinos just said, a lot of the insured population will not probably have anything settled or finalized in terms of loss estimation and indemnity paid for another six to nine months. It takes a while.
Constantine Iordanou: You're going to see real losses. A restaurant who had no real damage to the restaurant, but the parking lot was flooded and as customers couldn't have access to the parking lot. And he was going to claim business interruption because of the flooding. It's – and he was in a Zone 5 which is not considered a flood zone, so he had no exclusion on the policy and his deductable was pretty low. All these things are going to take a long time to get resolved and like I said, it's our view and usually not a lot of people agree with our views but more often than not, we are right.
Ian Gutterman: I agree with you, Dinos. I think we're in the minority but I agree with you. So related to that the one that surprises me the most so far is that most people have Maria as their lowest loss storm and that's the one where I would think the greatest risk is of BI because in Houston, like you said, there were some issues with getting back on your feet. It's not that hard, right? In Puerto Rico, I mean who knows how long, right? Why isn't every BI limit on the island for loss?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. This is very uncertain. I've asked our underwriters that right in the area this week actually, and again it's still extremely opaque, there's still a lot of – no information, lot of areas don't have power yet and things are not just back into an order and it's going to be a long time before, we figure out. So this is where a cat – even a cat event, Ian, could be in long-tail event, a long-tail phenomenon, which is again, things that we forget as an industry sometimes.
Ian Gutterman: Fair enough. And so the other comment you made earlier, Dinos, about the gross – first net line underwriting the companies who were relying on retro. So they didn't have to shrink their gross. Again, I don't know how many calls you've listen to this week, but pretty much everyone who's been doing that has said on their calls, I'm simplifying here, we're going to keep our net lines, where we are. We're going to look for grow our gross. So it feels like people want to double down on that strategy, which – if that's the case a, I'm not sure where they think they are getting all this extra incremental capacity. But if so doesn't that suggest it's harder to get pricing, if – and so to Brian's question right, where's the pain no one wants to shrink?
Constantine Iordanou: Well. But it's on the premise that – the net to gross can work, meaning that there is a robust retro market or quota share market, that is going to reduce their net exposure. We haven't heard from that market yet. We knew it was in that $20 billion range and some people that might be estimating maybe 50% or even maybe 75% of it might be gone.
Marc Grandisson: And Ian, I think you're exactly right. I think not only on the loss estimates from the size, what the ultimate loss is going to be at the industry. But to add matter – to add even more complexity then you're quite right, and we talk about all the time, this alternative capital, it's a relatively newer phenomenon to our segment. And it brings a little bit more – quite a bit more actually uncertainty, as to what's going to happen. And would add that it might increase the volatility of what could happen, which could be good for us in a way as well. So it's remains to be seen.
Ian Gutterman: Absolutely, yep.
Marc Grandisson: Yep.
Ian Gutterman: Absolutely. All right. So couple of Arch-specific things. First, the retroactive contract should I guess that that was you took a share of the deal Premia wrote?
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, 25% of it, yep.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Got it. Looking at your recoverable on the balance sheet, should I assume most of that growth was from the hurricane. So that your gross was about twice your net.
Mark Lyons: Bingo.
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, good.
Constantine Iordanou: You do your homework, good.
Marc Grandisson: It's pretty good, Ian, yeah.
Ian Gutterman: I try, so it was a late night, last night. But I try.
Mark Lyons: Hey, Ian, for the record, I'll state, you weren't one of the guys that went to the 111.8% combined ratio so.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly. And then what was I going to say was the – so one part that's surprising on your losses, was just the composition and I think I know why, but I just wanted to hear to make sure. I am surprised that the amount of the insurance, just, you know, like a simple thing I looked at right, is your insurance loss from these events were basically equal to your 2011 plus Sandy. Right, so it seems that I don't know, is that just because of the geography of things, is because you're in certain businesses that have more property now than you did then. Does that – I guess I was just surprised, the reinsurance isn't surprising at all. But the insurance is a little higher than I thought?
Constantine Iordanou: We're an E&S writer. And we believe the flat losses, they're going to have all these questions that I have raised. The business interruption et cetera, so we being cautious of estimating a loss. And same thing in Florida, we believe that this assignment of benefits is going to have an escalation of maybe up to 30% on the cost of repair. So we factor all that in and that's why you see more on the our reinsurance book.
Marc Grandisson: And Ian just to add further. So if we go through the losses that are reported and we look on the reinsurance side right. You see even if there was some creep up or some factoring, the AOB, the flood or the business interruption, it's hard to see a lot more creeping up into the reinsurance layers. But it's a more, it's a provider effect on the reinsurance side. So we had to do a more prudent selecting the losses reflecting those uncertainty between the insurance and the reinsurance. I think it's a lot more uncertainty on the insurance side at this point of time.
Mark Lyons: And Ian, just to marry Marc's comments with some of the ones earlier on that proportional aspect, to the extent that the market losses, the industry losses start to decrease because of the proportionality on the insurance side that will be shared. Whereas some programs on reinsurance or retro markets and some companies might be – think of it as event aggregate excesses. And you're really saving for the reinsurer more than just saving for your net.
Ian Gutterman: Yep, that makes sense. Okay, got it. Very good, thank you, enjoy lunch.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: Thanks and take care.
Operator: Thank you and I'm showing no further questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine Iordanou: Well. Thank you all and looking forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and CEO Marc Grandisson - President and COO Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Ryan Tunis - Crédit Suisse
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2017 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today's conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Mark Lyons. Sir, you may begin.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Our performance for the second quarter was satisfactory as strong performance in the mortgage segment was partially offset by higher attritional losses in our Property Casualty business. On an operating basis, we produced an annualized return on equity of 8.5% for the second quarter of 2017 and 9.1% on a trailing 12-month basis. Return on equity based on net income was a little higher at 8.7% annualized for the second quarter and 10% on a trailing 12-month basis at June 30, 2017. Our book value per common share at June 30, 2017 grew to $59.60 per share, a 3.3% increase from March 31, 2017 and a 15.2% increase from a year ago. Now turning to second quarter results. Our reported combined ratio on a core basis, Mark Lyons will define in a moment what that means, improved to 7.2 points from the second quarter 2016, led by excellent results in the mortgage segment. Our mortgage segment improved its combined ratio quarter-over-quarter to 30% from 44% in the second quarter of 2016, primarily due to increased scale resulting from the United Guaranty acquisition and consolidation activities at Arch MI U.S. Integration of the U.S. primary mortgage operations continue to progress very well and is on or slightly ahead of targets that we have set. The combined sales force is fully integrated and is working well with all of our customers. With the exception of a few customers we discussed in our last quarter call we have not experienced any material changes in our bank or credit union relations in the quarter. There were no significant changes in the Property and Casualty operating environment from last quarter as weaker market conditions continue to pressure margins. As we noted on an 8-K last month, our reinsurance segment experienced unusually high loss activity on a small number of contracts in our property facultative unit in the second quarter, which contributed to an 11 point increase to the segment's combined ratio to 94% for the quarter from the same period in 2016. The property facultative unit has produced significant underwriting profits over time and we view these losses on this quarter as an aberration. Our insurance group combined ratio also rose in the quarter to 100.8% due to effects of margin compression and an increase in attritional losses. Loss reserve development remained favorable in each of our segments, which in the aggregate reduced our combined ratio by 6.4 points. Marc Grandisson will elaborate on what we see in each of the markets in a few minutes. Net investment income per share for the second quarter was $0.66 per share, down $0.03 sequentially from the first quarter, due in part to lower returns on one of our alternative asset investments in the quarter. As you know, we manage our investment portfolio on a total return basis which on a U.S. dollar basis was 163 basis points for the quarter and 129 basis on a local currency basis. Before I turn the call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs. For many years now we have reported our exposure to a 250-year probable maximum loss from a single catastrophic event because we believe it is easier to manage exposure by measuring risk and then limiting the amount of risk you're willing to take. This quarter, we are also reporting to you our exposure to mortgage risk from a systemic stress event or what we call internally a realistic disaster scenario or RDS. And in future, we'll be referring to that term, RDS, so it will be good for you to get familiar with it. Although mortgage risk is different from property catastrophe risk, the mortgage sector is exposed to economic events like the Great Recession which occur in 2008 and 2009. Our RDS approach models various assumptions that are outlined on our website and we encourage you to review, so please visit our website. The most current version produces losses that are about one-third more severe than what actually occur in the Great Recession of 2008. Overall, we believe it produces a reasonable estimate of downside risk. Although, as with all of our modeling, we will continue to refine and improve them as we go forward. As of the end of the second quarter 2017, our RDS generates an indicative exposure that is consistent with what we share with you at our Investor Day last month of about $1.1 billion or about 13% of our shareholders' equity at June 30, 2017. This level is well below our maximum risk tolerance of 25% of equity. Our property cat exposure are substantially the same as last quarter, with our peak zone in the Northeast representing approximately 6% of equity. We will report the rest of our property cat PMLs in the 10-Q when it's going to be filed shortly. The models for property cat and now mortgage are constantly evolving and we will update you on our assessment of risk as we view changes. Before I go over to Marc Grandisson, also I want to note that we continue to make progress with the rating agencies. As you know, following the acquisition of United Guaranty last -- all rating agencies put us on credit watch. Last night, Fitch affirmed our ratings at A+ with a stable outlook. We're very pleased with that outcome. And with that, I will turn it over to Marc Grandisson for his comments.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos, and good morning to you all. The earnings contribution for mortgage is improving to be an offset to softening conditions we see in the property casualty sector. As Dinos has mentioned, integration of the U.S. MI companies are going well as the expense ratio for the MI segment improved to 22.5% at the end of the second quarter. Our new insurance written or NIW was $17.3 billion for the second quarter, a decrease of 11% over the same quarter in 2016 on a like-for-like basis, largely due to our decreased writings of single premium business. We continue to deemphasize single premium business in our U.S. MI primary sector because we are not satisfied with the current return profile. For the second quarter of 2017, single premium comprised just 14% of NIW versus 18% last quarter. While market share is important, Arch's focus is on producing the best risk adjusted returns for our shareholders. Since not all MI companies have reported their writings as of today so far, we estimate that Arch U.S. MI's market share remains in the mid-20s for the second quarter of 2017. More importantly to Arch, 80% of our NIW came through our risk-based pricing platform, which we believe generates better risk-adjusted returns than a simple rate card. Our expected ROEs for U.S. MI is still above our long-term target of 15%. The overall quality of the risks written remains very strong. A higher level of mortgage rates in Q2 has led to an improved level of persistency, which now comes in at 78%. We continued to experience favorable development in the U.S. MI reserves, consistent with what you have heard from our competitors. The trend of cured delinquencies outpacing new notices of delinquency is continuing. Arch wrote five new U.S. GSE, the government-sponsored enterprises, credit risk-sharing transactions or as we called them the CRT, bringing our total risk-in-force from them to approximately $2.2 billion at the end of the second quarter of 2017. Average yields in the CRTs remain healthy and ROEs are above our long-term targets. We remain very committed to the GSE's ongoing efforts to develop private credit risk transfer solutions. Finally, our Australian mortgage insurance relationship continues to generate a good flow of business, although it has slowed down as we tighten underwriting standards for new originations. These efforts are contributing to a reduction in written premium of 50% sequentially in the quarter. Moving now to P&C insurance. Market conditions remain challenging, with rate decreases stabilizing somewhat. The rate change differential in the U.S. by size of account is significant. For smaller or what we call controllable accounts, also those driven by lines with auto exposure, we saw a positive 250 bps rate change in the quarter. However, for our cycle-managed businesses we saw a negative rate change of 330 bps. After factoring in these rate changes and an estimated loss trend of 210 bps, we had margin erosion of roughly 40 basis points for all lines in the second quarter for our U.S. P&C insurance operations. In addition, we have observed further broadening of terms and conditions. In this environment, the trend is not our friend. We are prudent, as always in our underwriting and reserving as we observe the insurance cycle weakening. In general, we believe that in many areas of Property Casualty insurance, the risks of too much variability around the expected returns to grow our writings. Turning to reinsurance now. We continue to focus on the few opportunities that have relative rate strength and more favorable returns, while we are deemphasizing the more commoditized segments as rates and loss trends also continue to erode margins. Our net written premium increased largely due to a specific loss portfolio transfer contract. Excluding the effect of that transaction, our growth was more modest and as a result of our continuing focus on seizing opportunities. Our property cat and property writings are still decreasing due to market conditions, as our reinsurance group focuses on margins and not just the premiums. Our ability to deploy capital to MI at mid-teens ROE and deemphasizing the traditionally commoditized overcrowded P&C market at single-digit ROEs is a testament to our flexibility. And with that, I'll hand this over to Mark to cover the detailed financial results.
Mark Lyons: Great, thank you, Marc and good morning to everyone. Given that my colleagues are a little long winded today, I'm going to try to talk like a New Yorker and blast through what I have to add. In so doing, first, I'll make some summary comments for the quarter all on a core basis and as a refresher the term core corresponds to Arch's financial results excluding Watford Re, whereas the term consolidated includes Watford Re. But I'd also like to point out that we've altered the chart on Page one of the earnings release. So that now, it provides income statement and combined ratio information for the quarter on both a consolidated basis and excluding Watford Re's results, all in one place for convenience purposes. I believe that there is still some confusion about how Watford's financial results really impact Arch, given that we consolidate them and this helps to provide more transparency. For additional clarity, if only the 11% ownership of Watford Re was reflected at our underwriting results, the resulting combined ratio for the quarter would be only 30 basis points higher than our core 82.2% combined ratio. Okay, so moving forward. Claims recorded in the second quarter of 2017 from catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverables and related acquisition expenses was 2.3 loss ratio points compared to 4.1 loss ratio points in the second quarter of last year, on the same basis, mostly emanating from within our reinsurance segment. The activity was primarily driven by Australian Cyclone Debbie at our property facultative unit and various other events around the globe. As for prior period pure net loss reserve favorable development, 6.5 loss ratio points were reported in the quarter, led by the reinsurance segment with approximately $40 million of favorable prior period development, the mortgage segment providing nearly $30 million of favorable development and the insurance segment with approximately $2 million of favorable development. Approximately 80% of the mortgage segment favorable development emanated from the U.S. primary first lien portfolio and a meaningful portion for $6.8 million stemmed from net favorable development resulting from subrogation recoveries as discussed on last quarter's call, and ULAE led by the second lien portfolio that came over as part of the UGC acquisition and that is, in fact, a runoff operation. The reinsurance segment, net favorable development was across most underwriting years for short and medium-tailed lines and predominantly from the 2002 to 2004 and 2008 to 2012 underwriting years for longer-tailed lines. The overall calendar quarter combined ratio on a core non-Watford basis was 82.8 -- 82.2% and when adjusting for cats in prior period development, the core accident quarter combined ratio was 86.3% compared to 94.2% in the second quarter of 2016. The reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 101.1% compares to second quarters of 2016's 98.3%. While the insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 99.4% compared to 96.1% in the second quarter of 2016. Both results reflect higher loss specs due to increasingly difficult market conditions. However, the reinsurance segment was impacted by an abnormally high claim frequency as Dinos mentioned, reported during the quarter, emanating from the property facultative units, as previously disclosed in an 8-K released in June. The property facultative unit has historically been one of the most profitable within Arch and only in one other quarter over the last 10 years has their quarterly combined ratio been over 100%, giving more support and stock to Dinos' comments of it being an outlier. The reinsurance segment also booked a retroactive reinsurance transaction for an existing client that contains sufficient risk transfer for insurance accounting treatment. Although the reinsurance segment calendar quarter combined ratio does not vary materially, when looking at results inclusive or exclusive of these transactions, the components of the combined ratio do vary. Accordingly, the calendar quarter loss ratio excluding this transaction would be 6.5 points lower, whereas the expense ratio would 5.6 points higher excluding this transaction. This should be considered when examining the components of the quarter combined ratio. Lastly, for the reinsurance segment, the second quarter of 2016 contained an unusually large gain in the other underwriting income line of $19 million, stemming from the commutation of a large deposit accounted contract with no corresponding impact this quarter. The reported insurance group accident quarter, excluding cat loss ratio, increased approximately 230 basis points quarter-over-quarter and after controlling for large attritional losses and mix changes, increased approximately 160 basis points. As a result of the ongoing competitive conditions in the P&C markets, we continue our approach of prudent current accident year loss picks. However, these difficult conditions in the insurance and reinsurance markets were more than offset by the continued improving profitability of the mortgage segment, also amplified with their net earned premiums being a larger proportion of total. The mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved to 42% even, from 60.6% in the second quarter of last year. And their net earned premium represented similar to the fourth quarter of 2017, nearly 25% of the total core net earned premium compared to only 7.5% in the corresponding quarter of 2016. Although I said this last quarter, I think it's still worth repeating that in the mortgage segment, accident quarter has a different connotation than in the PC world and is more similar in concept to claims made businesses in the PC space, since the notice of default defines the assignment of the appropriate quarter. Similar to last quarter, there were some non-recurring costs in the second quarter resulting from the UGC acquisition. This quarter, such non-recurring cost totaled $2.7 million, in contrast to the first quarter of 2017's $15.6 million. So they're trailing off, as you might expect. The sources of cost emanated from severance outplacement and trailing related UGC transaction cost. Now there were additional reduction-in-force actions taken in the quarter, but the implementation was slightly different than in the first quarter of 2017. The first quarter had 2 actions. One effective on January 31 and another effective on March 31. Therefore the first quarter saw some salary expense reflected for employees who were terminated by that quarter end. This quarter, however, the effective date of the reduction in force was actually effective on July 1. However, the 63 affected employees were noticed in May, so related severance costs were accrued, totaling $2.6 million. The salary compensation recognized in the second quarter associated with employees involved in the July 1 reduction in force was $1.4 million, which also equals the quarterly run rate salary savings because the action was effective July 1. When combined with the actions taken in the first quarter of 2017, the cumulative quarterly run rate salary savings are $7.1 million, and this would be $28.4 million on an annualized basis. We will continue to comment in future quarters about any other actions taken and their financial impact. We'll report them as they occur. Given the nature of these expenses and consistent with last quarter, we have excluded this $2.7 million of cost from operating income as they are not indicative for our true underlying performance. Through 6 months, 265 employees and 85 contractors have been subject to reduction-in-force actions. It is also worth noting that operating earnings per share this quarter included a $1.7 million equity accounting charge due to our proportional ownership interest in Premier Re due to their startup nature. As most of you are aware, we worked with AIG in June to alter the common equivalent stock lockup provisions contained within our UGC acquisition purchase agreement and completed a secondary offering in which approximately 56% of such shares were sold, thereby increasing our stocks float. Irrespective of that sale, however, the earnings per share calculation continues to employ the full approximate 130 million shares that reflects the full issuance of such stock that were part of the UGC acquisition purchase price. Moving on to tax, as respect to the effective tax rate, with our changing portfolio and geographic mix, the second quarter of 2017 tax rate on pre-operating income of 14.4% represents an updated 15.3% effective annual tax rate, along with 190 basis point reduction stemming from a change in GAAP accounting affecting stock compensation, as mentioned last quarter and 100 basis point addition of roughly $2 million, reflecting a year-to-date catch up for the now higher effective annual tax rate just mentioned. As always, the tax rate is affected by varying mixes of income by geographical distribution and any associated changes in local tax rates. Turning now to the mortgage segment, I want to point out the difference between the U.S. primary mortgage division's gross versus net risk-in-force. At the end of the second quarter, the gross risk-in-force was $62.4 billion, whereas the net of external reinsurance risk-in-force was 27% lower at $45.8 billion, as we have consistently implemented, in all of our segments, our ongoing mortgage strategy is to maximize profitability while simultaneously protecting the balance sheet. The existing quarter shares that are in place, along with existing and ongoing excess of loss reinsurance and capital markets protections, provide the aggregate end-tail risk balance sheet protection that we seek. I'll also point out that the U.S. primary MI gross risk-in-force as of June 30 contained only 8.4% emanating from 2007 and prior. As for after-tax operating income earnings per share accretion realized in the second quarter of 2017 from the UGC acquisition, we examined our results with and without the impact of the UGC acquisition, giving due consideration to associated debt financing interest costs, preferred stock dividend charges, associated transaction costs and intangible amortization. The accretion from the transaction for the quarter was approximately 29% on an adjusted reported basis. Now I use the term adjusted, because the heretofore mentioned property facultative losses abnormally depressed the reinsurance segment's underwriting income, making the apparent operating earnings per share accretion for the quarter artificially high. Instead, substituting the property facultative units' long-term quarterly financial results provides the more realistic 29% earnings per share accretion just referenced earlier. In a similar vein, I'd also like to clarify some aspects to the profitability contributions from our three underwriting segments: insurance, reinsurance and mortgage business. As stated earlier, when discussing the earnings per share accretion stemming from the UGC transaction, the relative underwriting income contribution is also distorted by the property facultative unit's abnormal loss activity in the quarter. Adjusting for this, along with making allocations of intangible assets, incremental interest and dividend costs from acquisition financing, as well as allocating net investment income to the three segments, which has not been historically done within our earnings releases or financial supplements, yields the following pretax operating income contribution mix for 2017 on a 6-month year-to-date basis. Mortgage segment contributed 55% with that definition, reinsurance segment, 25% and the insurance segment, 20%. Management continues to evaluate performance for the operating segments primarily by underwriting income and views and manages the investment function on a total return basis across all segments. This alternative view though may provide additional insight into our sources of profitability. On a GAAP basis, at June 30 versus year-end 2016, our total debt-to-capital ratio was 20.1% and total debt plus preferred the total capital ratio was 27% even, down 170 basis points from year-end 2016. This leverage reduction was due to our growth in common equity as our debt and preferred levels were unchanged from year-end. Arch core operating cash flows were $274 million, up $121 million relative to the second quarter of 2016. And this increase was primarily driven by premiums collected net of reinsurance sessions and related acquisition expenses. As Dinos mentioned, book value per share increased 3.3% sequentially this quarter. But tangible book value increased 4.2% sequentially, driven primarily by intangible asset amortization, along with a small refinement to goodwill emanating from the UGC transaction. Once again, we did not purchase, repurchase any shares and do not anticipate repurchasing any during the balance of 2017. With these introductory comments, we're now prepared to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Well done Mark, and I timed you. You cut prepared remarks by 5 minutes.
Mark Lyons: Thank you. Glad I could do that for you.
Kai Pan: First question is on the mortgage expense ratio. Is 22% a good run rate going forward, or there are more to come, given that some of these expense saving was still to come?
Marc Grandisson: It's still early in the game. We've been there, we've been at it for 6 months. We're pleased like Dinos said, we're running on or slightly ahead of target. It's hard to see where it's going to end up in the long run, I think we'll be able to have a clear view of where we are probably by middle of next year. But if you look at our comparisons in industry, I think that anywhere from 18%, 19%, to 24% seems to be where everybody is landing. we certainly are ongoing. As, you know us, focusing on extracting as much scale as we can out of the operations. So we'll have a much better, good sense of the run rate by middle of next year.
Mark Lyons: And Kai, I would just add, this is a mortgage segment. Combined ratio, so it'll also depend on a relative mix of the GSE transactions, which attract just very low marginal cost to it.
Kai Pan: Is that the 32, the $32 million of other operating expense in the quarter, is that the good run rate going forward or there's going to be sort of like a further improvement or reduction there?
Mark Lyons: Well if you look, are you talking MI specifically?
Kai Pan: Yes.
Mark Lyons: Well, that's a little tougher. You wind up good, remember it's a ratio. So you've got, you're asking a numerator question. I think Marc answered the denominator answer when it was growing scale. Given some of the activities that are in place, I think it's likely to creep lower. But I don't have, I don't think it's appropriate to have a forecast going forward.
Constantine Iordanou: We try to manage the company as well as we can, lean and mean. We don't try to, we didn't do the transaction because some investment banker put on a spreadsheet some synergies that we have to achieve, et cetera. We believe that the activity so far is better-than-expected and there will continue to be some additional savings. Now, not knowing how much volume of business we're going to have, you don't know the ratio. But I think you will see, on just pure dollars, a little bit of improvement as we go back.
Marc Grandisson: The one thing I would add finally to this is there's a lot of things going on at GSEs as you guys know, in Washington, a lot of things can be changing, which would mean having to beef up or increasing the amount of resources we have to allocate there or it could be a lot less. So there's a lot of moving parts as we speak. That's why we're trying to be as careful in answering that question to you.
Kai Pan: Great. My second question on the reinsurance reserve release is that this quarter has been meaningfully lower than a year ago quarter. I just wonder is there anything on any trend that we should read into that?
Marc Grandisson: My comments, I mentioned about comments on the ongoing trends and condition. We have seen, and I think you've heard from some other calls as well, that the loss trend is picking up in general in the marketplace. So we have seen some changes in development but not -- that significant. We're just trying to be more prudent in the way we're recognizing history and the actual experience. It has also helped us inform our current action year picks. So we're trying to be more prudent because there are a lot of things that, in addition to the loss trend, I did mention terms and conditions. So we're trying to do -- be appropriately prudent and careful in the way we're going about this.
Mark Lyons: And Kai, I would also add that the relative mix of the reinsurance reserves these days, because of our reduction in the PML, purposeful reduction, we don't have as much short-tailed release, it's longer-tailed lines and longer-tailed lines have more complexity to it and emergence, so for a data-driven company, as Marc alluded to and I will release it when it shows. But you got to be more prudent when you're dealing with longer-term lines.
Constantine Iordanou: And we talked last quarter, Kai, to remind you that also there was the Ogden 75 negative bps change and that has to be included in the data, which it affects a lot of our long-tail reserves.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. And last one if I may. Your PML as well as RDS, when you consider your 25% shareholders' equity limit, do you simply add them up or you consider them separately given they're uncorrelated?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, they're uncorrelated. And we -- don't forget, we don't add them up because you got to -- there is a probability that they might happen the same year. But the different -- the property cat is usually an annual event, it happens immediately. The mortgage is not going to happen in one year. It's going to -- it will drift, it will be three or four years. It will be the recessional period that's going to affect us. So we don't quite add them up, but we're cognizant of where we are in either segment and we do an aggregate probability estimation and if we feel comfortable we continue to add exposure. And we don't, we reduce exposure. Where we are today is not an issue. Even if you add them up together is well within our tolerance, so we're not spending a lot of time thinking about that right now.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you so much.
Marc Grandisson: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Good morning. My first question, we've heard some companies kind of point to maybe a bit of a stabilization in the market, just from some of your introductory comments, it doesn't seem like you guys are seeing that. When you kind of look out towards the end of this year and even into next year, do you expect that we'll see any kind of change in the property casualty market, whether in insurance or reinsurance? With the caveat, obviously, we are still in the middle of one season.
Constantine Iordanou: When you look at it in the aggregate and if you look at it purely by rate, so to speak, it's fine as long as you ignore some sort of trend, right? I mean, there is always, if you think trend is zero negative that comment holds water, our competitors' comment. We don't believe in that. We believe that between the slight rate increases we get in a few segments and the rate decreases we get in other segments, when you look at trend, we're losing ground. Clearly, we're losing ground. And you saw it in the way we choose to publish our accident year numbers. So we tried to factor all that in. And we booked, our insurance grew about over 100 I think on the accident year for the first time in quite a few quarters. And it is our anticipation that the market is not giving up enough rate to overcome loss trend and improve margins. So the margins I think they're slightly deteriorating.
Marc Grandisson: I think the market behavior, I think if you look at it in broad terms, it is still very, very competitive. There's a lot of appetite to grow books of business and new ventures and new approaches and new teams being moving around. So as we speak, we're not seeing that competition going away. We are also, as you're well aware, in the environment of excess capital globally and specifically in the P&C marketplace. So where we are right now, it's hard to see the future. But from where we sit, we are expecting a continuation of this for the foreseeable future.
Mark Lyons: And a lethal follow-up to Dinos' comments there, as a quip, you could equate that to Midas mufflers, pay me now, or pay me later. So a specialty business has a range, it depends where you are in that range. If you're on the upper end of it, there's less chance of adverse development down the road. If you're on the lower end of it, you have an increased chance of adverse development down the road, and different managers have different views of how they report.
Constantine Iordanou: The accident year numbers are self-grading exams, so you write the paper, you grade it and the professor comes 3, 4 years down the line, which is going to give you a real grade. So bear that in mind.
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful color. On the property facultative reinsurance loss, how much of that went through the underlying number and how much hit your catastrophe losses?
Constantine Iordanou: There was 1 claim that it was from the cat. The rest of it, it was individual fire losses. And like I said, it was very unusual quarter for us, and we view that as an aberration. It's not, anything we look, either from an underwriting point of view, selection of risk, et cetera, or what has happened in the 10-year that we have been running that group, this was a surprise to us and an aberration. But no need for us to make any changes, either on underwriting guidelines and/or any concern that we have with the existing book of...
Marc Grandisson: And Elyse, it is an excessive loss portfolio, so bear that in mind that it actually has given us way below longer-term expected losses for so many quarters. So once in a while, you'll have that volatile result. So that's something that we should expect. I think they've just been unusually favorable for such a long time it happens once in a while, excessive loss portfolio.
Constantine Iordanou: On average, we take around $10 million lines, and 3 for losses can get you $40 million quickly. Having said that, it's highly unusual on a single quarter to have four or five losses. We usually get one, we get two, sometimes we get none.
Mark Lyons: And the other color on that, Elyse, it's a little less than half that's cat related.
Marc Grandisson: That's right.
Elyse Greenspan: I was just thinking about the underlying margin. And one last question, you guys called out international motor growth in the quarter. Was that in response to some rate increases following on Ogden was that just a material number? Just a little bit more color there.
Marc Grandisson: A little bit of Ogden at least, absolutely so you can geographically sort of circle into where we are focusing in some of the efforts. But there are also other countries mainly in Europe that have had rate increases, or rate and terms and condition changes that are we believe favorable at this point in time, because so we are partnering up with companies out there and supporting them and providing them expertise and capacity to seize on the opportunity. So it's not only isolated to one area, but certainly the areas you mention about the Ogden rate is certainly a catalyst and one of the larger participation increase that we've seen in the last quarter.
Mark Lyons: But to your point, Elyse, the quota shares are unbounded but internal -- there's protective XOL, so it keeps that bounded. So quota shares are less impacted by Ogden and therefore, until we get clarity around what Ogden does, there's more of a slant towards the quota share business.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's great color. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: I wanted to get in a little bit with the loss portfolio transfer that you mentioned. First of all, is there any sort of limitation on how conservatively you can set initial reserves for that relative to your typical practice?
Mark Lyons: Well it's, I'm sure everybody'll kick in here, but it depends on the, somewhat to the accounting and the accounting is driven by what kind of risk transfer there is. There's underwriting risk and timing risk. That is effectively internally a decision tree on the accounting treatment, depending upon those characteristics. So to the extent that there's not material underwriting risk, we don't put that through insurance accounting. It gets deposit accounting treatment. To the extent that it does get -- there's sufficient risk transfer and it does get insurance accounting treatment, we generally will, depending upon the deal, but as a broad statement, we'll book it very close to a breakeven and any margin associated with it gets accreted over the exposure period.
Constantine Iordanou: Meyer, a typical LPT to add to this, you'll have to have mirror accounting between all parties. Typically, whatever is transferred will be assumed by the other party and it will have to be recognized by both parties. It's not really any difference in booking the reserve, if you will. Over time, it might change, it might evolve, which might raise other questions. But certainly, at the beginning of it, there has to be a commonality of agreement as to where we think the loss reserves are to be. And whatever, if you are seeding more premium, then you are seeding also reserve the addition will be described as an expense for the over-the-top and you'll have to take it as a seeding company. So we're -- it's a very, very straightforward way to look at things. They used to be all the way in the past, 30 years ago, things you could do, but those days are over and it's very, very transparent.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's very helpful, thanks. The second question, Marc, I guess, you talked about the spread of rate changes being pretty dramatic. Is there a similar spread in trend or is it just where those various product lines are performing now that's dictating the various rate changes?
Marc Grandisson: There's a spread in trend absolutely, just by virtue and the 330 bps that I mentioned about the rate decreases, it's actually focused on the excess portfolio, which by definition, if you have a ground up 2% trend will have a leverage inflation ratio into it. So there is definitely, which is counterintuitive, Meyer, because you would expect rates to not go down as much when a trend has that much impact, but that's the nature of our business, we tend to have unfortunately sometimes doubling up on the negative impact against the loss ratio. That's what we've seen so far.
Constantine Iordanou: And let me add to what Mark said. At least in our shop, sometimes when there is negative trend, less losses being filed, whatever, we tend to ignore it. We kind of, I guess, we have difficult time accepting negative interest rates, I think we have a difficult time accepting negative trend. Some others, they, and believe me, smart people can argue this point and they can, they might be right. They say, well listen, look at the data, there is certain segments that indicate that we have a negative trend. And it's a philosophical point of view. I think our entire management team here, including our Chief Actuary, our senior program center managers, we don't allow negative trend to get into our pricing or reserving or anything of that sort. We don't like that. We don't like that concept.
Marc Grandisson: And one of our tenets, Meyer, that's very important is as the trend changes, and we think it is somewhat changing in the underlying business, the uncertainty as to what impact it will have in the excess layer is magnified going forward, so we tend to be, as you know, a lot more careful, and we will tend to migrate towards more primary where there's a little bit more clarity into where that claim trend is going. And this is I think one of those situations in the market where trend is picking up a little bit somewhat, terms and conditions are also weakening, so we try to be a bit more careful in where we write the business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Couple of questions here for you. First one, just back on the reinsurance and kind of a follow-on to Elyse's question about the underlying combined ratios there. It looks like if you strip out the facultative, or at least the additional facultative losses, your actually underlying combined ratio has improved on a year-over-year basis.
Constantine Iordanou: That's correct.
Mark Lyons: That's true.
Constantine Iordanou: That's great, that's better.
Mark Lyons: On the underlying basis, given the mixes because you've got the facultative unit, you've got the U.S. reinsurance unit and you got the Bermuda-based reinsurance unit, so a lot of that is mixture.
Brian Meredith: Got it, just wanted to clarify that. And then second question was on the deterioration you're seeing in your higher loss mix that you've got in your insurance segment, wondering, is it possible to quantify how much of that is related to terms and conditions loosening up? I think that's something that's just kind of hard to quantify.
Marc Grandisson: It's hard to quantify at this point.
Constantine Iordanou: I mean there is a portion of it that is terms and conditions, there's more a portion of it that is actually the rate. I mean, what the indication is, what our actuaries believe the rate increase we need to get to maintain a certain loss ratio and if we're not getting that, you got to factor it with a higher accident year loss ratio. So I think it's a combination of both. But the terms and conditions is subjective, very, very, very hard for both underwriters and actuaries, even when I ask these questions to our claims people, they throw their hands up. Because they say, well, we're going to tell you when we see it. Well, the time they see this when there is a lawsuit and say you didn't have that clause, you wouldn't be able to -- we would have been able to defend ourselves. And with that clause, we can. So there is a loss that we got to pay because of language on the contract. So how do you factor that in mathematically is very difficult. But we take it into consideration. If you ask me, is a wild guess is what it is, but we factor some of it when the conditions go down. And you have to. If you're not looking for at-risk developments in future years you'd better try to get your accident year as close to what you believe it is today.
Marc Grandisson: My experience on the contribution from terms and conditions is that as we get a weakening and softening market, the terms and conditions overwhelm the pure loss trend that you would have seen. So we're -- it's still not -- we believe, I believe the majority of the rate, the rate decrease as we see it, as we speak. But again to Dinos' comment, it's a judgment call at the end of the day. It's very difficult to quantify most of it.
Mark Lyons: And Bryan before you move on, I'd like to backtrack to your first question. You talked about the reinsurance mix and what the underlying is. From what you said, it sounded like you are leaning towards excluding all of the property facultative large attritionals when in fact, there's always a piece of that, that will be in there at all times. We tend to think of it, not only in a load basis, remember they're not a cat load driven unit, but it's always going to be something, so subtracting it all is too much.
Brian Meredith: I was actually just looking year-over-year, I was assuming the 2.7 points that you referred to in the second quarter 2016 is what you had. So the delta, that's all I was doing.
Mark Lyons: Yes.
Brian Meredith: And last one, Mark, I'm just curious, going back to Kai's question on the mortgage insurance unit, the decline in other underwriting expense you saw from the first quarter, is that inclusive of the $7.1 million of quarterly kind of salaries and benefits reduction? And what other kind of stuff went into that reduction in other underwriting expenses?
Mark Lyons: You have to be careful there because that -- the $7.1 million is the run rate as if we took UGC into our operation and did nothing. Brought them in and kept everyone and kept all the systems in place. You have to have a baseline. It's relative to that, it's forward-looking. So we will reap those $7.1 million on an ongoing basis if we hadn't -- versus having done nothing. So it's only a partial. So in the quarter, on salaries, it was $1.4 million of impact. I'm trying with that statement, Brian, I'm trying to give you a little bit of a run rate because you guys are always interested in that in your modeling.
Brian Meredith: Right, so it's $1.4 million. So I guess I'll go back to what was the difference between the 42 or 41.9 in the first quarter and the 32.2 in the second quarter, it's a big drop.
Mark Lyons: Okay. Hang on a second. Let me make sure I know where you're talking from.
Brian Meredith: Because you exclude the reseverancing stuff in those numbers, right?
Mark Lyons: Well, severance yes. Well, be careful. It's in the OpEx. So it's there. It's, we exclude it only in our definition of after-tax operating income per share, but it's reflected in the OpEx line in what you're referring to.
Brian Meredith: So it is in there? Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Crédit Suisse.
Ryan Tunis: Just following up on some of the increase in loss trend in insurance. I guess, what I'm trying to figure out is in some lines, we've clearly recognized the trend is a little bit elevated and that's being reflected in loss mix. Are you leaving room for, like if trend gets a little bit worse from here, is that in the loss pick or are we at a point where to the extent it deteriorates further from what you've already seen, we'll see further increases?
Marc Grandisson: So I think currently, the answer to your question is yes, we would reflect a little bit more cushion and margin of safety if you will, loss ratio pick. In addition to this, it will make us be a lot more careful in writing more, and actually will make us deemphasize and walk away from a deal that we think are no longer providing us with that margin of safety. And that will be, this is an ongoing process, Ryan, right? It's back and forth as you go through the quarters.
Constantine Iordanou: Ryan, the point that Marc makes is very, very critical to our underwriting DNA here. If you're not willing to truthfully reflect, based on all the information you have, what the current profitability is on a particular line of business or a particular product line, you're bound to continue making mistakes going forward by not being truthful to yourself. If there is positive margin, negative margin, how big the margin is, et cetera. Because at the end of the day, these profit centers, they're going to determine if they're going to defend the book, if they're going to write more, if they're going to shrink the book. And all those determinations are done in our profitability review meetings that we do with every one of our profit centers and we're very, very religious in doing those. And you can do that and have 1 opinion, and when it comes to reserving, have a different opinion. So we, it's all intertwined and we speak from the same set of numbers and the same page, and it's all integrated between our pricing actuaries, our reserving actuaries, the profit center managers and our underwriters to make sure that we know where we're going. Do we always get it right, no. Nobody is perfect. But we try to be as truthful to ourselves as possible because that determines what is going to happen to us in '17 and '18 and '19.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then I guess, just a follow-up for Dinos, I guess, in insurance, I mean you booked above 100 combined, in terms of what you're seeing from a trend standpoint, I mean, that feels like that could be a reality where things are going, going forward. I'm just curious, I mean, is that something you're willing to accept writing over a longer-term basis at worse than a 100 combined in the insurance segment?
Constantine Iordanou: It's not a question of accepting it. At the end of the day, listen, you can't shrink the company to zero. You're going to look for opportunities. Not every one of our product lines is at 100. Don't forget, we're not shooting for that number. We're recognizing that that's the outcome of the market. We're not happy about it. I'm not saying we're satisfied with that result. And we're taking actions to try to improve it. But go back to the comments that Marc Grandisson, it's very, very difficult in the market environment we have to go and get a four, five, six loss ratio points improvement. I mean, if you have underwriters who can do that, just send me names because I like to hire them. It's very, very, very difficult. You can't ignore. Now given a market change and I think if pain continues to push people to be more realistic about the actual results that are available in the marketplace today, you might see improvements. And between us, I don't think we're many years away from that. I think you're starting to see people to start recognizing that we're at the bottom, but at the bottom doesn't mean you need to grow at the bottom. You've got to see improvement and it has to go the other way before you can start opportunities to grow. That's the way we see the market, but it's a difficult market that you got to manage it, we're managing personnel expectations, expenses, customer relationships, broker relationships. It's not as simple as, well, let's cut the book in half because 100 is not an acceptable number.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, thank you, Liz. It's exactly 12, so it's lunchtime. So on the menu today is dolmades. So thank you, all, for listening. I'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and CEO Marc Grandisson - President and COO Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Geoffrey Dunn - Dowling & Partners Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo Sarah DeWitt - J.P. Morgan Nicholas Mezick - KBW Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities Brian Meredith - UBS Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Jay Cohen - BankAmerica Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Arch Capital Group First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will like -- will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson, and Mr. Mark Lyons. Sirs, you may begin.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This is our first quarter to include the combined results of our Arch MI and United Guaranty and we are very pleased with the early days of our integration process. Marc will discuss the integration and more details in a few minutes, but let me say that we are happy with the progress achieved in the first quarter. Although, it is still early, we are very pleased with the resilience of the United Guaranty Corporation's customers as they make the transition to our systems and platform maintaining the strong relationship they achieve with the United Guaranty over the years. As we discussed last quarter, our guiding principles for the integration of these companies is to find and deploy the best parts of each organization on a going forward basis. I am referring not only to our most important resource, the people who come to work for us every single day, but I'm also including the operating systems, pricing approach, and algorithms, along with all back office functions that they provide customer service. Our number one task is to create a high quality experience for our customers as we continue to enhance Arch MI's position as a market leader that should earn good returns through this cycle and for many years to come. One additional benefit or opportunity that comes to our results of the acquisition of United Guaranty is the opportunity for us to move our headquarters of our Global Services Group to North Carolina. A Global Services Group manages a lot of the back office work for our insurance, reinsurance, and mortgage businesses. And consolidating the operations over time in one location increases our flexibility to fill jobs that are lost through attrition in other parts of the country to a lower cost environment. Now, turning to first quarter results, our reported combined ratio on a core basis, Mark will define that in a moment, improved by 7.7 points from the first quarter of 2016, led by excellent results in the mortgage segment offset by the effects of higher attritional and catastrophe losses in our property and casualty segments. Accident year results decline in both our insurance and reinsurance segments, reflecting soft market conditions. Our mortgage segment improved its accident year combined ratio quarter-over-quarter to 50.4% from 65.8%, 15.4 points of improvement in the first quarter of 2016 year as the tailwinds of better credit quality and scale drove excellent profitability at Arch MI U.S.  Tellingly, our mortgage segment went from representing only seven point percent of net earned premiums on a core basis in the first quarter last year to 24.6% for the first quarter of this year, nearly identical to the earned premium for our reinsurance segment in the first quarter of 2017. Loss reserve development remained favorable in each of our segments which is -- which in the aggregate; reduce our combined ratio by 8.5 points. There were no significant changes in the property-casualty operating environment from last quarter. Marc Grandisson will elaborate on what we see in each of these markets in a few minutes. On an operating basis, we produce an annual return on equity of 10.3 % while on a net income basis, we earn a return on equity of 12.6% for the first quarter of 2017. Net investment income per share for the first quarter was $0.69 per share, up $0.13 sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2016, primarily through the assets that came over with the acquisition of United Guaranty. Our annualized pretax investment income yield was 2.13% for the first quarter of 2017 just slightly above the level observed in the fourth quarter of 2016. As you know, we manage our investment portfolio on a total return basis which on a local currency basis was up 170 basis points for the quarter and 164 basis points, if we exclude the effects of foreign exchange. Our book value per common share at March 31, 2017 was $57.69 per share, a 4.5% increase from the fourth quarter of 2016 and at 16.4% increase from the first quarter of last year. Mark Lyons will give more details on the components of their change in book value per share in a few minutes. Before I turn the call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PML which decline modestly from January 1st as of April 1st 2017 our largest 250 year PML for a single event in the Northeast was down to 473 million or 6% of common shareholders' equity. This is the lowest we ever had in our history. Our Gulf of Mexico PML was at 383 million and Florida Tri-County PML decreased to 386 million. I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson to comment on our operating units and market conditions. Marc, over to you?
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos and good morning to you all. Before I review market conditions across our segments, I am pleased as Dinos also alluded to earlier to report that the integration of UG and Arch MI is going very well with our focus on high customer service to maintain and improve our relationships. While the strength of the combined entity is already apparent, we are working diligently to unify the U.S. MI operations and most notably, we have decided to base our U.S. mortgage insurance headquarters in North Carolina. We believe that there will be opportunities and additional opportunities to realize efficiencies without jeopardizing our customer relationships and we will keep you informed as those efforts materialize for the next several quarters. At the end of our first quarter, as a combined global MI company, our expense ratio for this segment declined to 29%. Over the next few years, we are targeting a mid-20s expense ratio in the segment as the business matures. Our new insurance written or NIW was 12.7 billion for the first quarter, an increase of 8% over the same quarter in 2016 on an average combined basis. We estimate that Arch U.S. MI market shares remained in the mid-20s for the first quarter of 2017 consistent on a pro forma basis with a 26% market share indicated last quarter. The current premium yield was essentially unchanged with the last quarter's level, over 75% of our and NIW came through our risk based pricing platform. Rising interest rates in the fourth quarter reduced the volume of refinance activity and accordingly led to an improved level of persistency which came in at 77%, purchase market accounted for 85% of our volume this quarter. The overall quality of the risk return is still very strong and stable. With average FICO scores of 743 in our monthly singles mix at 82% and 18% respectively meeting our post acquisition objectives in the quarter. Arch also continued to build on its position in the U.S. GSE de-risking transaction with approximately 2.2 billion of risk in force at the end of the first quarter 2017. Arch remained lead market for this type of risk transfer execution. Finally, our Australian mortgage insurance relationship continues to generate a good flow of business and contributed roughly $4 million of profit for the quarter. As this business is all single payment upfront its contribution to profits should grow with time as premiums are earned over the life of the mortgages. Moving onto the P&C insurance world which represents 50% of our earned premium. As we have indicated on prior calls, market condition remains challenging. Rate decreases have slowed somewhat, but are still broadly less than last trend. This is especially true for larger access accounts which tend to be more commoditized. The rate change differential between our segment is wide reaching for 410 bps in the U.S. for the first quarter. A positive 140 bps rate change for the lower volatility line in a negative 270 bps for our cycle managed business. As a result of that market economy, all of our P&C segments continue to move toward -- towards smaller account and more specialized areas of the market and are walking away from accounts when returns are not acceptable. In our primary U.S. P&C insurance operations, we had margin erosion of 70 basis points for all lines in the first quarter. To borrow an expression from Dinos, we have seen what's cooking in the kitchen before and we don't like the taste of that meal. Turning to re-insurance which represents about 25 % of our earned premium this quarter, it's a similar story and that we continue to focus on the few opportunities that we have relative strength and more favorable returns while we are deemphasizing the more commodified segments as rate and loss trends continue to erode margin, affecting on the current trends in a broader reinsurance market. I am reminded of the old adage that I heard often from Paul Ingrey volume is vanity, profit is sanity. Allocating capital judiciously is a cornerstone of our corporate mandate. As we sit here today, mortgages represent one-third of our allocated capital 25% of our net earned premium and 70% of our underwriting gain at a mid-to-high teens ROE. We're happy to have the flexibility to allocate capital across our three platforms to the markets which are generating good returns and we believe that this flexibility allows Arch to generate alpha with more stable returns for its shareholders. And with that I'll hand this over to Mark to cover the detail financial results.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Marc and good morning everyone. Given that this is the first full quarter after the UGC acquisition, I am going to provide more focus on the associated impact on the call today. First of all, I’ll highlight just a few items about this quarter. But as a reminder the usual quarterly topics can be found in the earnings release and the associated financial supplement. Okay, now I'll make some summary comments for the first quarter on a core basis as Dinos referenced earlier. The term core corresponds to Arch’s financial results excluding Watford Re, whereas the term consolidated includes Watford Re. So claims recorded in the first quarter of 2017 catastrophic events that have reinsurance recoverable reinstatement premiums were 12.3 million or 1.2 loss ratio points compared to 0.5% in the first quarter of 2016 on the same basis, mostly emanating from within our reinsurance segment. The activity was primarily driven by Australian cyclone Debbie and various other smaller events around the globe. Again, we believe that this result continues to highlight our property cat underwriting discipline as actual reported losses on cat events continue to correlate with the exposure reductions that have been implemented over the last several years. As for prior period, pure net loss reserve development, approximately $83 million of favorable development, was reported in the first quarter led by the reinsurance segment with approximately $57 million favorable, the insurance segment of about $2 million favorable and the mortgage segment providing nearly $24 million of favorable development. Nearly all of the mortgage segment favorable development emanated from the U.S. portfolio and a meaningful portion or $8.2 million, stem from favorable development resulting from segregation recoveries on mostly second-lien and other portfolios that came over as part of the UGC acquisition and that are, in fact, runoff operations. These segregation recoveries have been reflected in UGC's historical results over time and could continue this year and in future years, depending upon the associated management of the files. The reinsurance segment, net favorable development, was across most underwriting years for short and medium tailed lines and predominantly from the 2003 to 2013 underwriting years for long-tailed lines. The calendar quarter combined ratio on a core non [Indiscernible] basis was 78.8% and when adjusting for cats in prior period development, the core accident quarter combined ratio was 86.1% compared to 92.4% in the first quarter of 2016. The reinsurance segment, accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats of 97.6% compared to the first quarter of 2016 94.2%, while the insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats is 97.8% compared to 94.9% in the first quarter of 2016. Both results reflect higher loss specs due to current difficult market conditions. The reported insurance group accident quarter excluding cat loss ratio increased approximately 150 basis points quarter-over-quarter. And after controlling for larger additional losses and mix changes, increased approximately 70 bps, which Marc Grandisson referred to earlier. Competitive conditions in the PC markets, however, were more than offset by the continued improved profitability of the mortgage segment, amplified with their net earned premium of being a larger proportion of the total. The mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved 14.4 points, as Dinos referenced, quarter-over-quarter and their net earned premium represented nearly 25% of the total core net earned premium compared to only 7.4% in the corresponding quarter of 2016. Remember that in the mortgage segment, accident quarter has a different connotation than in PC and it is more similar in concept the claims made businesses in PC space since the notice of default defines the assignment to be appropriate in the quarter. Similar to last quarter, there were some expense costs in the first quarter resulting from the UGC acquisition. You may recall that since the acquisition occurred at year end 2016, only the balance sheet was impacted in the fourth quarter, not the income statement. This quarter, we have a full income statement reflection of the combined portfolios. As for the reference expenses, the company incurred $15.6 million of such pretax expenses related to the UGC transaction in the quarter as compared to $25.2 million incurred serially [ph] in the fourth quarter of 2016. The sources of cost were different, however, as this quarter, the cost emanated from UGC acquisition-specific bonuses, severance and replacement costs and trailing UGC transaction legal costs. More specifically, the UGC specific bonuses and transition compensation costs totaled $6.8 million pretax and severance and outplacement costs totaled to $8.2 million resulting from reduction in force actions taken on January 31st and March 31st, affecting approximately 205 employee positions and 60 contractors. The actual salary compensation recognized in the first quarter associated with these employees involved in the risk-in-force efforts was $4.1 million. Given that the January 31st reduction in force only had one month of salary expense reflected in the quarter and the March 31st reduction in force had a full quarter of salary expense reflected, a $5.7 million quarterly run rate savings of salary expense is anticipated. We will comment in future quarters about any other actions taken and their financial impact, but these figures reflect only the impact of reductions in force that have already been implemented. Given the nature of these expenses, we have excluded them from operating income as they are not indicative for our true underlying performance. I'd also like to remind everyone that we issued $12.8 million approximately, 4.8 million common equivalent shares to AIG as part of the UGC purchase price. They had an insignificant impact last quarter on average common shares outstanding, given the 12/31 closing date, but had a material impact this quarter as the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding increased to approximately 139 million shares this quarter versus 125.4 billion in the fourth quarter of last year. I bring this up because I still see analyst reports and conversations still utilizing pre-common share equivalent numbers. We're using that in all our statistics and we recommend you do too. As a respect to the effective tax rate with our changing portfolio and geographic mix, I provided full year 2017 indications on the last call that the expected tax rate on pretax operating income would likely be in the low to mid-teens range. In the first quarter of 2017, our tax rate on pretax operating income was 14.4% with 100 basis points additional reductions of 13.4% stemming from a change in GAAP accounting affecting stock compensation. I'd like to point out that we expanded our U.S. primary mortgage insurance disclosure in the financial supplement to provide enhanced information by book year or underwriting year for the PC analyst. For loss reserves, insurance in forced, risk-in-force and delinquency rates as well as aggregate NIW splits between monthly and single premium policies, as well as providing our P. Meyer efficiency ratios on a consolidated U.S. MI entity basis. I also want to highlight the difference between the U.S. primary mortgage division's gross versus net risk-in-force. At the end of the quarter, the gross risk-in-force is $60.6 billion, whereas the net risk-in-force was 28% lower at $43.6 billion. As we have consistently implemented in all our segments, our ongoing mortgage strategy is to maximize profitability while simultaneously protecting the balance sheet. The existing quarter shares that are in place, along with the existing and ongoing excess of loss and capital market protections provide this aggregate and tail risk balance sheet protection we see. As for after-tax operating income EPS accretion realized in the first quarter of 2017 from the UGC acquisition, we examined our results with this and without the impact of the UGC acquisition, giving due consideration to associated debt finance interest cost, preferred stock dividend charges and intangible amortization. The realized beneficial accretion from the transaction was nearly 25% on a reported basis. And just to remind everyone, we have previously provided long-term operating income per share run rate accretion indications over a multiyear period of being in the 35% area. It is important to reemphasize that this long-term reportable accretion is expected to accelerate, as the 2017 and later book years become more impactful on a net basis in future quarters and as the benefits for reduction in force and other actions such as duplicative system eliminations overtime are also realized in future quarters. On a GAAP basis, at March 31st, our total debt to total capital ratio was 20.6% and total debt plus preferred to total capital is 27.7%, which is down 100 basis points from year end 2016. This leverage reduction was due to our growth in common equity as our debt preferred levels were unchanged from year end. Consolidated operating cash flows were down $111 million relative to the first quarter of 2016. The first quarter operating cash flow was generally lower on a seasonal basis and the timings of higher retrocession and reinsurance premiums from our reinsurance and mortgage groups, respectively, drove a majority of that change. We did not purchase any shares during the first quarter of 2017 and don't anticipate repurchasing any during the balance of 2017. As a reminder, our remaining authorization is $446.5 million, which has been extended through year end 2019. Dinos mentioned our growth to book value per share of 4.5% from last quarter. It's important to note that this stemmed from both strong underwriting and strong investment performance. And with these introductory comments, we're now pleased to take your questions.
Constantine Iordanou: Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Geoffrey Dunn of Dowling & Partners. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey Dunn: Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping I could get a little bit more color on the incurred loss development in the MI side this quarter. First, can you give a better idea in terms of the improving claim rates, are you seeing that from your late stage bucket or more of the mid and early stage delinquencies?
Constantine Iordanou: I think on the U.S. side, you're going to see that never that kind of a report quarter view and we're not seeing that well we're not recognizing it as much in the more recent report quarters as it would be for once a little more aged. But I think just part of what we might want to discuss given the size of it is that and I've mentioned that most is coming from the U.S. business, about 1 million came from the reinsurance side, so it's kind of insignificant. But there was on subrogation, on a cash receipt basis, on the establishment that normalized our accounting policies between the two consolidated entities now. So subrogation reserves put up, these are normal course, but they were scattered between first lien and secondly lien and other portfolios that were there and they've been there historically that are now. The fact that they're most of it is in one-off doesn't mean that they're going to dissipate; they'll fall off a lot more slowly over time. So hopefully that answers your question.
Geoffrey Dunn: So your comment about the favorable rates is more on the key lock exposure, not necessarily the primary book?
Mark Lyons: No. Well the primary book, yes you're still seeing some improvement, but they're not coming from the 2016 report quarter. I believe it's 2015 and a little bit backwards.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay. So the 12 plus, right. And then on the current period provision, can you give us an idea the incidence assumption for the new notices and how that compares to maybe the pro forma result a year ago?
Mark Lyons: Actually, I don't have that in front of me, but -- so you're talking about the claim rate?
Geoffrey Dunn: Yes, the initial claim rate assumption on the new notices?
Mark Lyons: Jeff, I think that's going to have to be something we channel back through [Indiscernible]. Sorry I simply don't have that in front of me.
Geoffrey Dunn: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning. So the MI expense saving opportunities it looks like if you look at legacy Arch as well UGC the other operating expenses add up to about $60 million and this quarter is down to 40, is that run really going forward or there's say other opportunities or the other way to ask it is that you're targeting at 25% expense ratio overtime now it’s 29%, you think that improvements more coming from the absolute dollar amount of reduction were up more from the topline premium growth?
Dinos Iordanou: Let me give it a shot and I’ll give it to Mark to get into the details. But we don't want -- we didn't make projections even though internally we have certain things in mind because I want our teams as they integrate to play in a passion that improves our long-term opportunities to be as efficient and as effective without affecting customer service with our competitors. Having said that, okay, so a lot of it is going to come from redundancy in personnel that it will get eliminated overtime. Mark gave you a number in the first quarter we have eliminated approximately 270 positions, on April 1st there was an additional 97. We’re just going to be as part of our report card, we're going to share with you in the second quarter not knowing what else is going to happen in there in the second quarter because I'm not putting undue pressure on how people to hit certain numbers. Our instructions Mark and I is do the right thing with the idea that if we don't need certain individuals see if we can re-assignment into other jobs, low guest as we lose in attrition in other parts of the organization. And that's one of the reasons we even move of our Global Services headquarters down there because it allows us to manage the workforce in a much more efficient bases and we're not just focusing on United Guaranty, we're looking at every operation and we do that as a matter of course independent if we made an acquisition or not. That's a prudent way of managing. In addition to that, you've got to get into systems and back rooms and not just headcounts, but where does that headcount reside and is of course differential. For example, the New York job is much more expensive than a North Carolina job and a job in the Philippines is even less expensive than a job in North Carolina and we look at that as a global organization. So there will be additional savings. It's not that we don't know how to push the pencil and make calculations, but we don't like to promise things to influence good judgment. We rather report after we take the actions that trying to hit a particular number.
Mark Lyons: And I think what I would add in terms of the questions, the top line is not going to change significantly just by virtue of being MI portfolio. It's very sticky, it’s very straightforward, a lot of monthly coming in -- depending on our market share. But for the remainder of the year, for the foreseeable future, we don't see much change. So it's really to answer your question more directly which Dinos did it that’s going to be really as a result of absolute dollar reduction as opposed to premium related ratio.
Dinos Iordanou: We are -- Kai as Mark and we wouldn't be felt as much in 2017 which is probably the model question you are asking. For a longer term basis, as the impact of the AIG quota share, 50% quota share on 2014, 2015, 2016 underwriting years starts to lessen and we're writing 2017, 2018 towards 100% without the quota share coming in that will start to flip and you'll see an increasing growth on a net basis for your denominator.
Mark Lyons: Without change in the personnel
Dinos Iordanou: Correct.
Mark Lyons: And the quarter has at 30% seat, so at some point in time that it will revert to a benefit.
Kai Pan: Okay. That's very clear.
Dinos Iordanou: If we -- and that 25 is not -- we think we are going to be overtime below that number, but at some point in time, we say 25 is something that we're trying to achieve 25% expense ratio, but you can even be better than that overtime. All I want is efficient operations with good customer service. And at the end of the day, we want to not have an un-level playing field with our competition so we monitor that. How do they do things and they are better than us? What things we need to do to improve? And I don't want to have a structural disadvantage. And traditionally, over the last 15 years we didn't allow that in our operations and we won't allow within the MI space either.
Kai Pan: Okay. And is there a restatement in terms of the legacy like Arch’s MI like expenses.
Mark Lyons: I guess there's two things I would say there's a reclass associated with the intangible amortization where in the mortgage space, others we had more above the line. Now we have below the line. So because with our goal to be very, very transparent on the UGC tangible amortization. It only makes sense to make that a corporate wide approach. So yes, would have been a reclass and that's why some of the prior year may look a tiny bit different than it was when we look at the numbers last year, so it's a good catch.
Kai Pan: Okay. Lastly, just remind us what's the lockup period for the AIG preferred shares and like do you have a capsule flexibility or first write to repurchase that shares?
Mark Lyons: It is identical to when the SBA was signed which is a 36 months, two-third cumulatively at 12 months and 100% cumulatively at 18 months.
Kai Pan: And do you guys have the capital flexibility to participate?
Mark Lyons: Yes, we do.
Kai Pan: All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Good morning. When you guys announced this deal with UGC in August, you guys had said about 50% of earnings would come from P&C and mortgage and all of the underwriting income which shifts to about 70% in mortgage. Would you say that the mortgage market has gotten better or the P&C market has gotten worse than the view that you had. I guess when you announced this deal and laid out those metrics to us in August.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, you look at it in a very short time. Let me -- in the short time, your question is -- and your conclusion is correct. I think the P&C, both insurance and reinsurance, has deteriorated because we're not getting rate increases to keep up with trends. So, in essence, it's eroding, so that means you're going to write a little less than what you wanted to and the profitability may not be a little less than what you want to. Having said that, I think every indication on the MI space is that things are better. Delinquencies, the better, and in essence, the credit box has not deteriorated, is as good as it was at that time. So -- but you got to take our comments from the long-term because we -- in everything that we do, we have a long-term view and we make judgments as to where we're going to play, how much capital and resources we're going to allocate on the long-term view. And right now, I can tell you, greenlight is on MI, amber, not red, but amber lights on the P&C, both insurance and reinsurance. Having said that, I can't predict the future. I don't know if the P&C cycle changes and at what time it's going to change. But I can tell you, don't forget, our rules to the P&C and it doesn't mean we're not going to do a lot on the P&C space, given the right market opportunity. We're not reducing the group capability from an underwriting perspective. As a matter of fact, I think it's fair to say we have a bit of overcapacity in underwriting talent, which we're going to maintain. The course associated with that is insignificant when you weigh it versus the opportunity when the markets change. Is it going to turn three years from today, three years, I don't know. But I can tell you, when it does, we're going to know it, we're going to take advantage of it and we will have the people, we're not going to be chasing people to take advantage of it. Anything you want to add, guys?
Mark Lyons: Just one quick thing. I think it's easy to get lost in the sauce. It's a good observation. That's the underwriting gain or loss, but each of those businesses have a little different duration. So, reinsurance group may have more property and cat, so the insurance group may have longer tailed lines, every portion to bring in more assets and so forth. So you look at on the writings, you brought interest income and, it'll be skewed to a bit, differently away from mortgage.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then Dinos, following up on your comments, you mentioned loss trends on the property casualty side, do you think if we start to see a higher level inflation, which it seems like you and some of your peers are pointing to, do you think the industry will take price to combat higher inflationary levels?
Constantine Iordanou: I don't -- no, you're thinking very logically and that's a mistake in our business. Although more interested very markets is fear and greed. And right now, I don't see greed out there, I see some concern, but I don't see fear. Yes, there is some concern. As a matter of fact, I think that [Indiscernible] in the coal mine is being commercial auto liability, who has a short tail, and is starting to percolate and bubble up in a lot of places. You see it on the riders of commercial auto, you see it in penetrations on the umbrellas which is part of the mix when you write excess liability umbrella. You're covering that portion of the risk, too. And you're seeing a reaction in the reinsurance market. It's not easy to find auto carve outs anymore or the pricing is going up. So, it's not an early indication that maybe GL might be a problem in the next year or two, and then Worker's Comp maybe later on and Mike that create a verb the people they say, we've got to adjust pricing in all three lines going forward. I don't know. We can't predict the future, but I can tell you, there is stress in the system because it requires more rate increases than we're getting. And we're not keeping up with the trend and it sounds to me like 1998, 1999 all over again that the frogs in the happy water, but the temperature is going up.
Marc Grandisson: I think in addition I would just add to what Dinos has said, the other dimension of fear and greed is that underwriter of companies underwrite also with some kind with the assumption of what interest rates are going to be in the future. So, the inflation goes up and interest rate goes up accordingly, if not more, you might generate all kinds of different behaviors. I would argue with that even in this day and age, in the last two, three quarters, there is probably an expectation of rate increases in the future that might explain why some of the pricing is still soft as we speak. So, there's a lot of stuff, a lot of things moving the marketplace. So, there's more than one number that drives everything.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. Do you guys have a forecast for mortgage industry NIW for 2017 and what share that would be for Arch?
Marc Grandisson: We have expectations and we do follow the MDA and the Freddie and Fannie and we look at what they do, what they produce. So we would stop the same data that you're looking at. In terms of NIW, we don't have -- we have, of course, projections. And we're accomplishing that we're not at liberty to share that. And frankly, we're going to be reacting to whatever market situation present itself in the next year or so. So, we don't spend much time, if you will, projecting what NIW is going to be in the market. We have a good place and good positioning with our clients and we try to do the best. And as we said before, our market share over time, we expect might decrease in the low to mid-20s. So, that's also could be something that happens by attrition. It's not moving.
Constantine Iordanou: It's a pleasant surprise for us. I don't know if was basically, we didn't seem much overlap between Arch MI and United Guaranty. There was only one major customer that we both of us will significant participants and they reduced our combined share just slightly in the first quarter. There was no other change any other major customer and that's why I talk about the resilience of the customer base of United Guaranty. And basically, we are trying to do the best job possible to not only to maintain the service at a very, very high quality, but also improve on it and that's what I've been emphasizing to our staff. That's why I said let's not focus on integration of cost savings upfront at the expense of customers. We're going to focus on excellent customer service. And over time, we're going to get very efficient in how we provide that. And I think you can do both if you're a well-managed company.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks so much. And congrats on a great start to the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sarah DeWitt of J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Sarah DeWitt: Hi, good morning. Just first of a follow-up on the share buyback, I think you said you wouldn't buy back any stock in 2017. So, just to clarify, if AIG did sell, you would not participate?
Mark Lyons: Well, there's optionality in there. It's a decision tree, basically. So -- but it's as I stated, but we're not going to be buying overtly. Other than those possibilities, we're not going out and buy back shares.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, our team there Sarah is, we always want have flexibility of the balance sheet. Right now, our debt and hybrid is at about 27 point something percent, of which about 4.5% or so is short-term revolving facility. That doesn't give us a lot of capital credit with the rating agency. So, at some point in time, my first action with access -- with excess capital, maybe I can reduce that down and then we'll revisit this year and purchase in 2018 and beyond. Don't forget, I don't know when AIG is going to decide to sell, and so I can't answer that question. If the selling and 2017 will probably would likely we will not participate, but if it's all 2018, it's an open question.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. Thank you. And then separately, I wanted to get your thoughts on some of the practices of the insurance brokers. I'm sure it was critical some of their practices, particularly in London and so there could be regulatory our customer backlash and now they're being investigated by the FCA. So, just trying to get your thoughts on the practices and GT&E [ph] regulatory risk with your current distribution channel?
Constantine Iordanou: Listen. At the end of the day, distribution cost is part of the business, been always part of the business. Some people view it as a transactional. I think it's more than that. Some of it is transactional, some of it is advised and counseled, et cetera and it's all very into some number. The ultimate arbiter of if that's fair or unfair or sustainable is the customers themselves. They know that both our revenue and the broker's revenue comes from only one source, it's out of premium they pay. So, if they don't like what's going on, they have ways to change that. But at the end, that's a customer decision. Now you ask the regulatory question. We believe, at the end of the day, that the insurance and reinsurance business is highly competitive and we're strong believers in the free market. So, at the end of the day, if the customer is satisfied and nobody is doing anything that is illegal with the regulator have a say in it, let the market decide if it's fair compensation or unfair compensation and the buyer of the product is the person who counts the most.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Mezick of KBW. Your line is now open.
Nicholas Mezick: Hi, good morning guys.
Constantine Iordanou: Good morning.
Nicholas Mezick: Last year, you discussed the way to think about mortgage, earnings volatility as the micro or underwriting decision and the macro changes. Now you assigned two-thirds of the volatility of the micro and one-third on the macro. Given that different composition of the book today with UGC acquisition, how would you expect a change in either of those sensitivity?
Constantine Iordanou: Actually, what I said last year was 70/30, not 66 and two-thirds and 33 and one-thirds. And I'm sticking to that 70/30 theory because we did analyze a lot of that data through the financial crises as to what was causing defaults and we compare it with other environments. For example, what happened in Canada where all day no verification loans, et cetera, they were not allowed and there was a minimum of 5% down payment requirement and illegal historically and you see the performance of the Canadian book of business, it was much different even with the same economic conditions not only affecting the U.S., but affecting Canada and what the outcome of that business. So, the 70/30 hasn't changed and what I'm saying -- what we're seeing, I think, the ability of MI companies to go back to the very lose underwriting standards that were common during the financial crisis in 2007 -- 2006, 2007, 2008. In the future, that would be much more difficult. First of all, management, they saw companies [Indiscernible], so they're more resilient on the risk management side of the business. And more importantly, I think the technology is much better today in analyzing individual mortgages and attributes that affect that. And also, more importantly, the GSEs, both Fannie and Freddie, with the P. Meyer approach and as regulators of the MI companies, they're a lot more resilient in their approach on maintaining stability on the balance sheets of the companies that they provide them the counterparty risk.
Marc Grandisson: But right now, exactly what's going on. There's no change from last year, because clearly what drives the losses than we've seen historically is the products that were offered in the marketplace. And we've seen no change in the products offering and to echo what Dinos has said about the GSEs being really wary or at least very attentive to what's happening in the marketplace, had an increase in the sort of discounted LPMI business over last years, recognizing that that might represent a bit more risk to the system. So there's really a heightened level and still high level of scrutiny and attention paid to the product that our deliberate in the business. So no change from last year. 
Nicholas Mezick: Okay. Thank you both and Dinos apologies for escorting [ph] you.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, no, I just like -- it's my test as I'm getting old -- I'm 67 that I'm still saying.
Nicholas Mezick: Just one follow-up, last quarter, you referenced your door being broken by people wanting to get a piece of your business through reinsurance. Just want to check on the status of the door and in turns demands for the reinsurance of your portfolio, in particular the MI book?
Constantine Iordanou: It hasn't changed, but like I said, we're here to feed our shareholders first. And then if we have extra, we can reach out level to others. This is a good business. Within our risk management limitations, we will continue to have our shareholders in mind first and then our reinsurance partners and other segments.
Nicholas Mezick: Okay. Thanks. And enjoy lunch.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Josh Shanker: Yes, good morning everybody or almost end of the morning.
Constantine Iordanou: Hi Josh.
Josh Shanker: Following up on the last question, I wonder why it does or does that make sense to think about MI the same way we think about cat. Is there a PML that you have and maybe you're not going to tell us what it is, but did you calculate something like that?
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, we do. We have -- you've got to lean on the concept of what is [Indiscernible] event, right? A severe recession, housing prices collapsing, et cetera. And we build these models that we model and then we calculate what based on the book that we have what the macroeconomic effect of those events. They don't happen like the hurricane that happens in one day and the next day, it's going to be more gradual. But at the end of the day, if you're writing the business, you got to be cognizant of that. But we model that and we have a tolerance and the tolerance is no different that we don't want to comment on these, what I will call catastrophic events more than a probability of us losing 25% of our common equity capital. So that limitation is still there. It's a book limitation. I mean, myself and the rest of the management team in our discussions with our Board, they say we want to know what is the maximum loss that you're willing to have on a stress scenario. And we want to understand what that stress scenario is all about. And that's how we build our model around it. Marc, you can elaborate?
Marc Grandisson: The only thing I want to add, Josh, is not exactly as a cat book of business because you're going to have future income in so you have to factor in an S&P type of PML, so this is what Dinos has been alluded to. We have to factor that in because it's part and parcel of what we're assuming as part of the policies. The policies, those that done default continue paying premium for the future and we have credit for that as well. So, just want to make sure it's not one event, one of them and like Dinos said, it happens overnight. It's an over two or three-year period development and we take an S&P type of approach. 
Mark Lyons: And just, and I think this one other thing. It's a good question, just given the relative size of its organization. But thinking wise, you got to learn from the past. I mean anything that erupts that can cut across underwriting years. We learned from asbestos and GL, we learned from environmental and the GL, we learn from -- anything that could signal it, we can break it down his lines have a lease component of cats. I think more so in the mortgage space, but we think about that in every line of business.
Josh Shanker: So, let's just take a scenario. I look at the business right now not only well underwritten but also well priced. And even if pricing works, the clients still might be well underwritten on the mortgage-by-mortgage level, therefore, avoiding the risk of "catastrophe". To what extent--?
Constantine Iordanou: You're not avoiding the risk totally, the risk of catastrophe. Because even well underwritten business, if you have a higher unemployment, you're going to have hardships, your default rate is going to go up. If you could have house prices collapse, that means the claims that you're going to have, they're going to cost you more. So, at the end of the day, those you can avoid. That's a part -- and I put that a round number of 30% on the problem and the past crisis was macroeconomic events. With [Indiscernible], for example, the Canadian book of business but it didn't cost companies their profitability suffer, but there were still profitable and didn't go out of business. What caused collapses in the U.S.; it was all of these crazy stuffs like how do you underwrite an old verification law. You don't know the information you getting is correct. How do you factor in these old days? Or 110 LPV stuff and there was a lot of craziness that it went to the mortgage space at that time.
Josh Shanker: So, when the cat market gets irrational, Arch can say, look, someone else can underwrite this business, there's 100 other companies who know how to write property cat let them chase the market down. When you're only--
Constantine Iordanou: Exactly right.
Josh Shanker: When you're only [Indiscernible] participants, what does that mean when the markets gets irrational?
Constantine Iordanou: When the market gets irrational, that means you got to maintain your discipline. Our hallmark as a company is that we have been disciplined underwriters. And as long as I breathe, this team which I have 1000% confidence is, they're going to be disciplined underwriters. It's our DNA. For better or worse, it's our DNA. The Arch DNA is disciplined underwriting. Be patient, disciplined and at the end of it. And thank God, we got a Board who understand that. I never, never had a discussion with my Board that says, your volume is suffering or -- they never talk about volume. They do talk about profit and margin and are you taking undue risk. That we talk all the time.
Marc Grandisson: Josh, it's unfair to really compare to cat, because a cat and generally, for us to achieve to be hurricane in September that hits Florida. But it's underwriting mortgage and we have indeed in our company have the proper early warning systems in terms of risk quality, we're going to actually take actions way ahead of things percolating up. If the decision as to where we put the redline or the yellow line as to when we start deemphasizing it, we do have access the information. And frankly, and Dinos said this in prior calls, if the people that we're in business in 2006, 2007, 2008 had heeded those calls and those points and those clear indication signals the marketplace, it wouldn't have put themselves in the position. So, it's not like you wake up one day and the risk quality was as good as it gets and overnight everything goes down by 20% and the unemployment goes from 5% to 25%. I mean you have a lot of products and you have time to react.
Constantine Iordanou: PMI was recognizing segments of their business into what we will call the red line, all the way back in 2004. And they did not take action. As a matter of fact, they increase their participation in everything that they are monitoring systems were showing red. Meaning all -- loans became 28% of their book of business because a lot of the customers, especially, countrywide, et cetera, it was threatening them. You don't right, you're not indicated that good. Well, I said this before, you give me three glasses of Kool-Aid and one has cyanide in it, I'm not drinking it. So, even though the other two they are very refreshing and I'm very thirsty, I'm not drinking it. And basically, that's what the industry did. They were given three glasses, one had cyanide in it, and they down all three of them.
Josh Shanker: I appreciate the [Indiscernible].
Constantine Iordanou: I don't want to be graphic, but I tell you, when you're running a company and you got your shareholders capital and you've got 3,500 employees in your hands, you got to feel like I feel. You got to be the responsible, not only for the capital, but also for the welfare of the employees.
Mark Lyons: And Josh, that was three Kool-Aids, not three Bourbon.
Josh Shanker: The Bourbon will neutralize it, I'm sure.
Mark Lyons: But one other thing, if I could, Josh, Dinos and Marc have talked about this before, but the history was that the MIs took the risk on the balance sheet, 100% in, 100% retained. That's clearly not part of our strategy, that's the strength of the PC side. We can't think any other way than simultaneously manage balance sheet and maybe Dinos take it to you, but the benefit of going to capital markets and reinsurance as a leading indicator unto itself.
Constantine Iordanou: You always have to have a loop to the market. So, by purchasing reinsurance and capital markets products, you always have a compass as to how other people think about the product, are you pricing that will enough. If you can shed risk in an effective way that tells you you're the patsy. So, you better start shutting the doors because you're not doing the right thing.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for all the answers. I'm unfair to Ian. So, [Indiscernible].
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS. Your line is now open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. A couple of quick ones here. First, Mark, can you tell us what was the impact of the AIG quota share on your premium this quarter? And just kind of figure out kind of going forward how that's kind of way out?
Mark Lyons: Okay, hang on.
Constantine Iordanou: Well you want to know the session to the AIG?
Brian Meredith: Yes, the session today on quota share. Anything unusual this quarter that would have elevated it versus what it would look like going forward?
Constantine Iordanou: No.
Brian Meredith: Okay.
Mark Lyons: I'm trying to give you a ratio, if I think if that's what you're after. So, bear with me.
Constantine Iordanou: You don't want to give him the amount?
Brian Meredith: Could you give me the dollar?
Mark Lyons: All right, that's okay.
Constantine Iordanou: He doesn't want to give you the amount; he has it in front of him.
Mark Lyons: About 20%. Let me go up here. Yes, it's about 70% of the ceded premium. I was going to give it to you of the net, but that's easier.
Brian Meredith: So, 70% is ceded premium with AIG. Okay. I'm trying to figure that looks going forward. So, that's kind of -- generally think about kind of gradually trending downwards over the next--
Mark Lyons: No, I would think that would, over the next three to five quarters, can be trending up and then trail down because of the nature of the monthly and--
Constantine Iordanou: Don't forget, the quota shares covers 2015 -- 2014, 2015 and 2016. So, the United Guaranty book goes all the way to 2007, 2008. We have -- we still have mortgages all the way back from the 2007, 2008. They're still paying premium. So, it's not as easy to calculate it, but a lot of the old stuff becoming more of the newest stuff. There is not going to be a lot of -- depends on the persistency of those years, the 2014, 2015 and 2016. We think that calculation is going to probably increase it a little bit and then it will come down later.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Okay, helpful. And then secondly, just curious, when you talked about the expense savings, could we expect some in some of the other areas, reinsurance, insurance, also just given the relocation of the services of business operation?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, the relocation, it's not that -- we're not to just going to take a lot of people and relocate. We have attrition, right? Attrition usually is around 10% in our operations worldwide. So, basically, we lose roughly about 300 positions every year. We decided that North Carolina is a better place for some of these back rooms that premium audit, some clearance system, some booking things, et cetera. So, gradually, we'll be moving -- we lose a job here, instead of replacing it in, I don't know, high cost environment, we go into a lower cost environment. And that process is being with us all along. I mean, we have operations and Nebraska. We have operations overseas in other parts of the world. So that's ongoing. The reason I mentioned it is because North Carolina, based on our statistics, is about -- has about 30% cost advantage over other -- from New York, New Jersey, California, let's say. So, over time -- and we're not trying to displace people, but as we lose people, we'll be moving back. So gradually, you're going to see that benefit coming through. But we do that as -- on our day-to-day operations, as a matter of course, we do that all the time. I mean that's what our managers are getting paid to do, make sure that we're cost effective.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then the last question. I wonder if you can give us your perspective right now on the political landscape with respect to mortgage insurance business and particularly related to the FHA. And if you get some changes going on there, what do you think the potential is for market share kind of shift back to the private MI and what do you think UGC or Arch could get?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, it's very hard to predict, very hard to predict. Clearly, the FHA has more market share that they need. So, I mean, you're not going to hear that only for me, for everyone, MI CEO say that. It should be in the private sector not on the taxpayer. Having said that, I don't know what they're going to do. The share of VA, FHA in combination is probably a little north of 55%. So, that's way too much, in my view, to be on the public back.
Marc Grandisson: I think what I would add to this is there a lot of things that we also have available to us in terms of providing MI insurance, only the primary, but there's clearly still an ongoing focus on deleveraging the GSEs and the MI to the third-party to private capital. That is not stopping. It's actually most likely going to be accelerating over the next year or two. The one thing that we're picking about collectively is we're agnostic as to, in general, how we would allocate the capital in terms of primary MI or CRTs to the extent that it shifts to that direction. But we're essentially more than willing to provide the risk on a private basis, either which way the FHA decided to go. But right now, we don't see any cost to be concerned in terms of the existence of the MI industry as it is. And we believe that the CRTs that we've been participating on are only going to grow in size. And it's not going to be most likely instead of the MI primary is going to be in addition to the MI market.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman of Balyasny. Your line is now open.
Ian Gutterman: So Dinos, my first question is when you're planning these--
Constantine Iordanou: What's the lunch let me know. It's at the request of Marc Grandisson, he will be grilled [Indiscernible] cheese from Cyprus with tomato, cucumber on pita bread and that's the lunch, the sandwich for today and he's salivating already. So, get to your question so he can go and eat.
Ian Gutterman: Well, my first question was when you made the decision to move all these people in North Carolina, did you make sure there was a great restaurant in the neighborhood for them?
Constantine Iordanou: I have a few cousins who might be interested in going down to open a Greek diner down there, but I'll leave it up to them.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I actually had a couple questions on the P&C business, but just on MI quickly first to maybe ask a little bit of a take up on Josh's question and your response about the crazy conditions in the U.S. 10 years ago. Surely, it sounds given to the point and I know you've obviously bought some reinsurance to help manager exposure there, but how concerned are you about the Australian market right now and just the HPA does seems crazy and you hear of those anecdotes about things going on to get loans to get house and so forth.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, let me -- I'm not -- you're always concerned of everything you do. So -- but I'm not fearful of the Australian business for two reasons. First and foremost, there seems to be a little frothy housing prices in two major cities, right? Having said that, the frothiness is on loans that they're larger than what we ensure. These are in the million -- 0.75 million and up market. So, when you look at it from an exposure point of view, the things that we sure, the more on the lower size of homes. And the Australian market is also a full recourse market, which is different than the U.S. So, in essence, the individual is responsible for repaying the loan beyond the ability of the residual value of the house to make up for the loan over time. So, it's a different characteristic to the market. In addition to that, I think, the -- [Indiscernible] the regulator, who regulates both insurance and also the banks, they have some strict rules about what loans get approved and the stress test they put them to be able to qualify for the loan. It’s a 200 basis points stress test on every loan on interest rates movement because a lot of the loans in Australia, they're adjustable, so they're not -- they don't have these 15 and [Indiscernible] fixed rate mortgages. So Marc, you want to elaborate further on it?
Marc Grandisson: I would agree with that protecting the portfolio as a result as well, are looking at the same process we have an economist who spend a lot of time reviewing and he confirms exactly what Dinos said, which is a couple of areas frothiness, but it's confined to the larger dwellings or larger condominiums and also a lot of investors coming from outside, which is--
Constantine Iordanou: They pay cash, they don't buy insurance.
Marc Grandisson: Exactly. And even if they -- what we tend to focus on the lower risk and we don't do the investors loan as much. So, we curtailed and shifted the portfolio towards the more single dwelling, owner-occupied house down under. And to your point, we feel, despite all this went on about a quarter share and we have partners there to help us and in case we were a bit too optimistic, we don't think we are but just to be prudent in terms of rightsizing the old portfolio. So, we're cautiously optimistic, comfortable.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. On the P&C business, Marc, the insurance segment, the reserve releases were pretty de minimis this quarter. Was that we sort of gross releases or is it normal matter of releases and there were some adverse impacts offsetting it?
Marc Grandisson: I think the latter. I think what we are seeing, as I said in my comments and as Dinos and Mark both alluded to, the market we're seeing pickup and severity in the markets across lines of business and certainly, it started in commercial auto and story more than once.
Constantine Iordanou: And the auto component in umbrellas as well.
Marc Grandisson: So, there's a lot more coming. We're of the mind that it's going to get a bit more, a bit worse before it gets better again. So, we tend to take, as usual, a prudent approach to reserving. So, we might take a bit more long to recognize what looks like good news. Because frankly, a lot of people around our clients, we've seen that some of them have -- we believe, recognize too early good news in a position to having we direct or redirect that and we would like them to avoid that all cost. So, there's a little bit of some activity and severity, selectivity and causes coming through but certainly realistically, corporately, more prudent view on the ultimate reserve development.
Mark Lyons: And Ian that's a direct benefit from the multiplatform we have and the holding company that you can see. So, you can see others ceding companies fear the insurance that way.
Ian Gutterman: Understand. Then sort of similar to that is the higher accident years in both insurance and reinsurance. Other than, I guess, probably the elevated losses, is this sort of a reasonable run rate given where rate mix is, also some mix changes pretty dramatically?
Constantine Iordanou: As of the best guess for the current accident year. I mean -- listen, the first year is a self-grading exam and we try to do the best we can. And I can tell you, things are not they good as they were a year ago and I think the reason you got to recognize them on the current accident year.
Marc Grandisson: Ian, again, that what I just talked about the reserve development and what transpired over the last quarter informs us in going for as to what we think the ultimate underlying fundamentals of the business. And as you heard, we're losing margin and this thing erode as we speak. So, it moves us to do the right thing, which is to be, again, that much more prudent on the current accident year. That's what you see right now.
Ian Gutterman: And then just finally on that, Dinos, I think you mentioned earlier, some may be running with parts of the late 1990s and the one thing I guess, to this looking at the reserves across the industry, I'm assuming you guys look at sort of this trends. Looks like there's the initial IBNR has been coming down every year for the past three, four, five years and it's not getting to a pretty low point. Do you agree with that trend? Does that concern you that even the low stress of a benign the last five years; it seems to be now reflected an in IBNR? I'm asking from an industry--
Constantine Iordanou: Give me another month or two. I'm going to finish our study. I do this macro study with Don Watson, about the industry reserve levels and all that; I look at cash flows -- underwriting cash flows, et cetera. Give me a little time and then we'll share that study with you. Maybe that might be might five minute in Investor Day because the guys want me to only have five minutes with you guys. They want to put me with the chef, so I'll be growing, but at the end of the day, I think it's an interesting question. Yes, it feels to me, from other indications. Let me give you an example. I won't mention names because it's embarrassing. But we lost an account, right? That it was a high deductible account that, in essence, it was about $10 million in premium and we lost it to a competitor for $3 million. To me, it's the definition of insanity. I mean, either a totally naive, you don't know what you're doing or you can beat me by going to $9 million. You don't have to go from $10 million to $3 million to get the account. So, that means [Indiscernible] don't understand what they're doing and the brokers are taking advantage of them because I can tell you, they knew that the expiring premium was probably $10 million.
Mark Lyons: And the other thing Ian on that that will be in the renewal pricing monitor next year, in the basis for 33% increase.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly. Funny how that works out. Thank you guys. Appreciate it.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Jay Cohen: Actually my questions were answered. I tried to hit the right button to remove myself, but I failed. So, thanks for the information. Great call, guys.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you, Jay. We'll continue to try to perform for the shareholder.
Operator: Thank you. And now I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, thank you all for your attention and looking forward to talking with you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-14 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Arch Capital Group Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on the call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risk and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. 
 Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends -- the forward-looking statements in the call are subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make -- management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures on the financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of the operating income can be found in the company's current reports on the Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website.
 I would now like introduce your host for today's conference call, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Mark Lyons. Sirs, you may begin. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter and year-end 2016 earnings call. We have a lot to talk about today. So let's begin with our completing the purchase of United Guaranty Corporation at the end of 2016.
 The combination of Arch MI and United Guaranty Corporation not only creates the world's largest mortgage insurer but, equally importantly, brings a culture of both leadership and innovation to the mortgage insurance industry that we believe will benefit our shareholders and customers for years to come. Merging 2 companies is no small task, but I'm pleased to say that the integration of Arch MI and United Guaranty Corporation is progressing smoothly. Across our companies, our employees are working hard to ensure that there will be no disruption to our customer base in both the bank and credit union channels.
 Now let me turn to year-end results. We had a good quarter despite noise from acquisition-related expenses and a few other items which we will discuss in a few minutes. Our reported combined ratio on a core basis -- Mark Lyons will define in a moment what core means -- increased by 2 points over the fourth quarter of 2015 to 88.8% as cat losses added 4 points to our accident year results for the quarter. For the year ended 2016, our combined ratio was essentially flat at 88.2% compared to 88% for the full year in 2015. The full 2016 accident year, excluding cats, improved to 93.4% on a core basis versus 94.4% for the 2015 accident year.
 Accident year results were roughly flat in both our insurance and reinsurance segments despite a softening market, while our mortgage segment improved its accident year combined ratio year-over-year to 64% from 84.2% in 2015 year due primarily to improving profitability at Arch MI. Even before considering the acquisition, our mortgage segment went from representing 6.4% of net earned premiums on a core basis in full year 2015 to 8.4% for full year 2016. In the future, this will continue to increase based on our own growth in the business and the acquisition of United Guaranty Corporation. 
 Loss reserve development remained favorable in each of our segments, which, in the aggregate, reduced our combined ratio by 6.4 points for the fourth quarter and 7.7 points for the year ending 2016. There were no significant changes that we see in the property casualty operating environment for the quarter. Marc Grandisson will elaborate on what we see in each of the markets in a few minutes.
 On an operating basis, we produced a return on equity of 9.4% while, on a net income basis, we earned a return on equity of nearly 11% for the full year 2016. Net investment income per share for the fourth quarter was $0.56 per share, up $0.03 sequentially from the third quarter of 2016. On a local currency basis, the total return on our investment portfolio for the quarter was a negative 166 basis points, primarily due to the significant increase in interest rates on our very large bond portfolio. For the full year 2016, again, on a local currency basis, our total return was a positive 235 basis points. 
 Our core operating cash flow was $279 million in the fourth quarter as compared to $99 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Our book value per common share at December 31, 2016, stands at $55.19 per share, a 3.5% increase sequentially from the third quarter of 2016 and 15.8% increase from the fourth quarter of 2015. Mark Lyons will give more details on the components of the change in book value per share in just a few minutes.
 Before I turn the call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs, which are essentially unchanged from October 1, 2016. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PML aggregates reflect business bound through January 1 while the premium numbers included in our financial statements are through December 31 and that the PMLs also are reflected net of all reinsurance and retrocessions we purchased. As of January 1, 2017, our largest 250-year PML for a single event remains the Northeast at $492 million or 6.6% of common shareholders equity. Our Gulf of Mexico PML stands at $427 million, and our Florida Tri-County PML decreased slightly to $394 million.
 I will now turn the call over to Marc Grandisson to comment on our operating units and make some remarks on market conditions. Marc? 
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos. Good morning to all. First, on this 14th day of February, I would like to wish my wife and daughters a happy Valentine's Day. 
Constantine Iordanou: Such a great father. 
Marc Grandisson: Thank you. As Dinos mentioned, the integration of UG into Arch is going very well. Culturally, we are finding that the UG team is basically cut from the same cloth as the Arch team. They have been creative with capital solutions, and we share a pricing philosophy based on risk assessment and also a dedication to analytics and technology development. The combined entities' abilities provide us with a strong and, we believe, sustainable platform in the U.S. private mortgage insurance space.
 For the fourth quarter of 2016, Arch U.S. MI, excluding UG, had new insurance written, or NIW, of $8.8 billion, about the same level as the third quarter's. On a combined basis, we estimate our primary U.S. market share at approximately 25% to 26% for the fourth quarter, including UG, and -- which is in line with the third quarter of 2016. 
 In addition, we continued to lead in the U.S. GSE risk-sharing transactions with approximately $2.2 billion of risk in force at year-end 2016. Our Australian mortgage insurance relationship continues to generate good volume. However, we have increased the level of our Australian quota share retrocession to 37.5% from 25% for those of you keeping track, which explains a healthy amount of premiums ceded in the segment this quarter.
 With the acquisition of UG, we have multiplied our U.S. primary risk in force by more than 5x, with over 87% of the exposure written up to 2008, a period in which the underwriting quality of the insurance written has been at its peak. The MI's data contained in the quarterly supplement reflects the quality of the combined primary portfolios with average FICO scores of 743 and a low 90s loan-to-value ratio. We continue to see favorable reserve development from both legacy MI portfolios. And at the end of the first quarter, we will provide you with more clarity on the progress we're making with the integration process and fully combined U.S. MI statistics.
 Switching over to the P&C insurance world. The level of rate decrease has slowed somewhat, but it's still broadly negative. This is especially true for the larger accounts. For that reason, both our insurance and reinsurance groups continue to move towards less competitive, smaller accounts and more specialized areas of the market. We continue to move away from lines such as excess liability, E&S property and property cat while focusing our efforts in less volatile and specialized lines such as travel, differentiated programs or reinsurance of agricultural business.
 In our primary U.S. P&C insurance operations, we had margin erosion of 40 basis points for all lines in the fourth quarter and above 100 bps for the full year 2016. For the full year 2016, our controlling and low volatility segment, which represents about 70% of our primary insurance portfolio, had rate increases of 210 bps while our cycle-managed business, the remaining 30%, experienced 410% -- 410 basis points of rate decrease.
 Our U.K. insurance operation has experienced similar pressures from a rate-level perspective. Rate decreases across all our product lines were 7.6% this quarter. And just as we have discussed in the U.S., we continue to shift to smaller accounts. 
 On a group-wide basis, we had modest growth in the quarter in our insurance segment's construction, national accounts, travel and alternative markets lines. Our executive assurance, E&S property and casualty businesses are areas where current rate levels lead us to a more defensive strategy.
 Turning over to reinsurance. It's a similar story to our insurance group in that we continue to focus on opportunities with relative rate strength and more favorable returns such as facultative, agriculture and motor, while the more commoditized segments, such as property cat, excess liability and marine, continue to experience rate decreases, and we, accordingly, are shrinking in those lines. Overall, we estimate single-digit rate decreases across our reinsurance portfolio.
 At the heart of the Arch's long-term success are 2 factors. First, we focus on seeking favorable returns across industry cycles, and then we practice prudent capital and risk management towards maximizing risk-adjusted returns. As we enter into 2017, we continue to do just that. Within our P&C units, we are defensive and shifting our risk exposures to a relatively more attractive area. With MI, we have made a strong commitment to one of the best return opportunities available in this specialty area, and we have also improved the diversification of our risk portfolio. 
 Our corporate culture and platform of specialty businesses, we believe, allow us to pivot or to move towards markets where we can earn appropriate returns while shying away from markets or business lines where the volatility around expected returns requires a more cautious approach.
 And with that, I'll hand this over to Mark Lyons. Mark? 
Mark Lyons: Great. Thank you, Marc. And as Dinos alluded to, we have a lot of ground to cover this quarter. So on today's call, I'm going to depart from the usual commentary structure and focus more on the unusual accounting impacts driven largely by the UGC transaction. First, I will highlight just a few items about this quarter. But as a reminder, the usual quarterly topics that we usually talk about and comment on can be found in the earnings release and the associated financial supplement.
 Okay. So now for some summary comments on the fourth quarter all on a core basis and as refresher and as Dinos alluded to earlier, the term core corresponds to Arch Capital's financial results excluding the other segments, which is Watford Re; whereas the term consolidated includes Watford Re. Okay. 
 So losses recorded in the fourth quarter from 2016 catastrophic events, net of reinsurance recoverable from reinstatement premiums, was $34.1 million or 4 loss ratio points compared to 1.9 loss ratio points in the fourth quarter of 2015 on the same basis. The activity was primarily driven by Hurricane Matthew, the New Zealand earthquake and the Tennessee wildfire. We believe this continues to highlight our property cat underwriting discipline as actual reported losses on cat events continue to correlate with the exposure reductions that have been implemented over the last several years.
 As for prior-period development, approximately $55 million of favorable development or 6.5 loss ratio points was reported in the fourth quarter, led by the reinsurance segment with approximately $42 million of favorable development, insurance segment with about $8 million and the mortgage segment providing nearly $5 million of favorable development. The calendar quarter combined ratio on a core basis was 88.8%. And when adjusting for cats and prior-period development, the core accident quarter combined ratio was 91.2% compared with 93.5% in the fourth quarter of 2015.
 The reinsurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, again excluding cats, of 91.2% showed modest deterioration of 110 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, while the insurance segment's accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, remained flat at 96.3% but saw an accident quarter loss ratio increase of 90 basis points, offset by a corresponding expense ratio reduction of 90 basis points. 
 These competitive conditions were more than offset by the continued improving profitability of the mortgage segment, amplified with their net earned premium being a larger proportion of the total. The mortgage segment's accident quarter combined ratio improved to 59.5% from 83.1% in the fourth quarter of last year, and their net earned premiums represented nearly 10% of the total core net earned premium compared to only 6.9% in the corresponding quarter of 2015.
 Now moving on to some of the unusual financial statement impacts this quarter. I'd like the focus on the UGC transaction as it affected, among other things, reported corporate expenses, financing expense, book value and our capital structure. The transaction closed at 11:59 p.m. on December 31, so UGC is reflected in our year-end balance sheet but not on our income statement.
 As for nonrecurring expenses, the company incurred $25.2 million of such expenses related to the UGC transaction in the quarter, arising primarily from investment banking, bridge financing and credit facility fees, along with the usual legal rating agency accounting and consulting fees with such banks. Given the nonrecurring nature of these expenses, we have excluded them from operating income as they are not relevant to our true underlying performance. 
 However, I would like to provide some alternative insight into our operating income per share by providing results on 3 basis, which we feel is important to distinguish: the official reported operating income per share and then 2 alternative pro forma views, which I will define now.
 First, we view the official reporting of operating income per share as -- in the earnings release as being a hybrid. And by that, we mean it excludes the nonrecurring UGC transaction expenses but includes the UGC financing costs since we did raise that additional capital and are obligated to incur interest expense and pay additional preferred dividends per the terms of those instruments. The first alternative pro forma view of earnings that I'll get into is as if the UGC transaction did not occur. This view provides a clear comparative picture to last year's fourth quarter and the third quarter of 2016 and is likely most representative of views in the street. This first alternative pro forma view excludes the UGC transaction expense and excludes the debt and preferred stock financing expenses and excludes the incremental investment income gained as a result of raising that additional capital.
 The second alternative view provides -- for this quarter's operating income would include all recurrent -- or, sorry, all nonrecurring expenses and the financing costs and the additional investment income associated with the transaction. So the official operating earnings per share to common shareholders as reported in our earnings release is $1.13 per share. The first alternative pro forma view, which completely excludes the UGC transaction as respects transactional expenses, financing costs and additional investment income, is $1.16 per share. The second pro forma alternative view, which reflects, as discussed above, all UGC transactional expenses, [ph] cost and investment income, is $0.96 per share. Hopefully, these 3 views will provide useful information for your analyses of this busy quarter on the different bases as defined. Okay. 
 So rather than going through the mind-numbing annual and incremental fourth quarter tax rates on a pretax operating income for each of the 3 views discussed, I will instead provide a 2017 forward-looking tax rate since the fourth quarter reflects so many unusual impacts and is not indicative of what could be expected on a run rate basis. As we have previously discussed, 2017 should provide, on an expected basis, higher mortgage segment income and a different taxable income mix by jurisdiction. As a result, we anticipate that the expected tax rate for pretax operating income in 2017 to be in the low to mid-teens range without giving any consideration to evolving tax changes potentially emanating from the Trump administration. This preliminary range is primarily driven by varying jurisdictional profit assumptions, cat loss assumptions and varying loss ratios. Having said all this, the annual tax rate on pretax operating income for 2016, as reflected in our official earnings of $1.13 per share, was 5.2%, which caused a fourth quarter incremental tax rate of pretax operating income of 2.1%. This reflects an approximate $5 million true-up tax benefit for the first 3 quarters of the year or nearly $0.04 per share to achieve this 5.2% annual tax rate.
 Since the 2016 fourth quarter results only partially reflect the additional effects of the UGC financing transactions, it makes sense to provide a run rate for interest expense as well as for preferred dividends. Total interest expense for 2017 is expected to be $24.9 million per quarter. This reflects new and prior debt issuances as well as borrowings under our credit facility. Similarly, the run rate for quarterly preferred dividends, also from new and prior issuances, is expected to be $11.4 million per quarter. This does not contemplate any potential action being taken on our $325 million of Series C preferred that becomes redeemable beginning in April of 2017.
 Lastly, as a result of the UGC acquisition, we took the opportunity to conform accounting standards between the segments as respects deferred acquisition expenses. As a result, book value was negatively impacted by $0.31 a share due to the charging off of previously capitalized deferred underwriting-related expenses, largely through shareholders equity with a small portion through the income statement.
 As respects our capital structure, in connection with the UGC transaction, we raised capital in 2016, as reported on last quarter, by issuing a $450 million of 5.25% noncumulative perpetual preferred. And in December, we raised $950 million of debt by issuing 10-year and 30-year vintages. We also tapped our credit facility for $400 million and utilized roughly $384 million of internal cash resources. We also issued Series D convertible preferred common equivalent shares to AIG at a fair market value of approximately $1.1 billion.
 Before I get into our updated capital structure ratios, it's important to understand how we've accounted for the new equity issuance. There are no restrictions to ownership of these shares by AIG, except for the passage of time, as respects certain lock-up provisions, and these shares rank equally in all material respects to our existing common shares. The Series D convertible preferred common equivalent shares are being treated in our calculation of book value as if they are common shares. Therefore, the approximate 12.8 million common equivalent shares issued to AIG are added into our common share count to determine book value per share, now totaling 135.6 million shares.
 GAAP common equity at 12/31/2016 is approximately $7.5 billion, and total GAAP capital is approximately $10.5 billion. On a GAAP basis, our total debt to total capital ratio is 21.3%, and total debt plus preferred to total capital is 28.7%. Accordingly, December 31, 2016, book value, as Dinos has mentioned, per share is $55.19, which represents 3.5% increase over the prior quarter and nearly 16% over year-end 2015. Book value per share primarily grew as a result of the $1.1 billion of Series D common equivalent shares issued to AIG, as mentioned earlier. We issued those shares at a price-to-book multiple of approximately 1.61x, and accordingly, our book value gained an immediate accretive benefit of our approximately $417 million at issuance.
 Now since we made commentary today about operating income per share, excluding the impact of the UGC transaction, it's only fitting to provide the corresponding impact on book value per share as well. That excludes the Series D common equivalent issuance at AIG, eliminates the debt and preferred financing costs, the UGC nonrecurrent transactions, investment income differences and other conforming adjustments. So basically, as if UGC hadn't occurred. 
 Book value per share, excluding the UGC transaction, would have fallen by 2.1% or $1.12 per share. We did not repurchase any shares during the fourth quarter of 2016 and don't anticipate repurchasing any during 2017. Our remaining authorization, which was due to expire on December 31, has been extended to 12/31/2019, but the amount remains the same at $446.5 million. 
 Additionally, as respects the acquisition, we recorded approximately $189 million of goodwill on the books or 100 -- $1.39 per share and have established an additional $507 million of intangible assets as of December 31, 2016, $480 million of which are subject to amortization. We anticipate that this associated amortization to be the highest in calendar year 2017 at approximately $110 million and then decline thereafter such that approximately 75% of the amortization will be recognized within 5 years. I refer you to Page 7 of the earnings release to see more information about these intangible assets.
 So with these exhausting introductory comments out of the way, we're now prepared to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Sarah DeWitt with JPMorgan. 
Sarah DeWitt: Now that the United Guaranty acquisition has closed, I want to get your thoughts on the potential for any additional expense savings or upside on the earnings accretion. I know the accretion of over 35% included some expense savings. But if you could provide any more exact numbers on that, that would be very helpful. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, we -- first and foremost, let me remind everybody that we didn't make the acquisition on the basis of expense savings. As you probably will know that with any merger of 2 companies, there is significant redundancies which we're going to experience over the next 2 years as we put the companies together. Our focus is mostly on making sure that our customers don't get disturbed. So we continue to provide the service together, bringing the 2 companies together with an eye that if we can improve the expense ratio by saving, we will do it, and we will continue reporting to you on a quarterly basis what those savings are. It's -- I don't like to make projections because sometimes when you make projections, you might make your predictions come true and make your own management decisions. I'd rather have our people free to make the right decisions as we bring the companies together on a week-by-week basis. And that's the basis we're going to run the integration. Marc, do you want to add to it? Or... 
Marc Grandisson: No. All set. 
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. That's fair. And then also, how should we be thinking about the size of the combined premium base for the company, taking -- for United Guaranty and AIG's mortgage business, taking into account how much will be nonrenewed as well as the AIG quota share? 
Constantine Iordanou: Okay. Well, there's 2 points here. One, there will be some actions on our part. Mostly, what we said in the past that I think -- probably our participation in singles will probably get reduced a bit over time. Having said that, there might be some action by our customers because they might feel that the combination of the 2 companies might create some overlay of significant exposure. Based on our analysis, the latter doesn't seem to be a problem. It seems that there wasn't a lot of overlap between us and United Guaranty. So I don't expect that to be much. And then I believe that long term, as we said before, we expect our market share to come down in the low 20s. It can be anywhere from 22% to 24% or at maybe 25%, 26% today. I don't see significant change in that it will be dramatic quarter-over-quarter. It's implementing our pricing strategies that we're going through now in combining the risk-based pricing of the 2 companies together. And don't forget, our mortgage business is more global in nature. You're only focusing on the MI in the U.S. So we take what -- how much we're going to write in mortgage from a global point of view, including the bulk transactions, our Australian business and our European business. So Marc, do you want to elaborate a little bit further? 
Marc Grandisson: I think I would echo on this is also that 2016 was a bit higher than the last half of the year because of the refinancing slew that we got. So the market overall -- expect a slower market in 2017. That's something you need to keep in mind. So generally, the way we look -- the high-level look at the premium that can be generated by the portfolio, you take the insurance in force, which we provide in our supplement, and you can ascribe a 50 bps, roughly, rate to it. And you can -- that sort of gives you the run rate as to what kind of premium you'd get for the year. And you could put some persistence here, I think, which you've heard on other calls as well, 75%, 76%. And then this is how you sort of get to the runoff of the portfolio, and then you ascribe to some new written for this year based on your view of the market, which really, at this point in time, is very, very difficult to see or have any clarity on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Quentin McMillan with KBW. 
Quentin McMillan: I just wanted to talk about the mortgage business and the Australian contract that you had ceded. It looks like the net to gross in that portfolio dropped down the last 2 quarters in kind of the 60% to 70% range. And I'm kind of just curious whether that was sort of one-off because of the Australian contract. Or do you expect to sort of retain a little bit less of that business as UGC earns in? And potentially, would you look to maybe retain a little bit more of the Australian when it comes back up for renewal if the terms look attractive again next year? 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I mean, the terms, they're attractive in our Australian business; otherwise, we wouldn't be there. But our attitude is we look at all of our business. I don't care if it's its insurance, reinsurance, mortgage insurance. And we have a risk management perspective about aggregations, how much we want to have, either in a particular territory, et cetera, et cetera. The -- our desire or ability to reinsure a part of the book, it comes out of that process. When we sit down internally at the senior management level and we -- with our Chief Risk Officer and his team and we look at all of our aggregations, we make those determinations. So we've purchase, as Marc said, 37.5% quota share going back to inception for our Australian book. And that was the judgment that we made. That judgment might change in the future, but it's a decision we make on a lot of stuff here, including how much retrocession we'll buy on our reinsurance book, on our cat book, et cetera. It's part of our risk management methodology. So Marc, elaborate a little further. 
Marc Grandisson: Yes. The quota share goes back to May of '15 and is on for 3 years. So the panel has been set. And the reason we had more sessions this quarter was because of the catch-up. We went from 25 sessions to 37.5. So that's 12.5 additional premiums ceded to be retroactively ceded back to our partners. And this is exactly what we did this quarter. We have also good partners with us bringing some value in terms of knowledge of the market and capital, helping us, as Dinos said, just rightsize the overall risk on the balance sheet. At this point in time, there is no plan to change. If somebody else would want to take more of it or help us provide some structure, we are, as usual, always interested in entertaining such things. But right now, there's no plan to change. 
Mark Lyons: And Quentin, let me -- just for clarity, given what Dinos and Marc have said, neither the third nor the fourth quarter of this year are indicative in a run rate basis. Both of them had the retroactive cumulative catch-up, as Marc alluded to. So on a go-forward basis, assuming there's no changes to that in the multiyear nature, any new premiums arising in 2017's first quarter, you should expect a 62.5% net arising from those out of Australia at 37.5% ceded. 
Quentin McMillan: It's very helpful. And then moving to the investment portfolio, I asked this last quarter as well. But you guys last quarter had about a 2% yield and were expecting the UGC portfolio to earn in at about a 3.5% yield. Is the assumption sort of similar now? And how much impact might that have? And what are your sort of expectations of what you'll do with the portfolio over the next couple of quarters as that higher-yielding book earns in? 
Mark Lyons: Well, I think -- a couple of things. First off is the composition of that portfolio is markedly different than what Arch had natively. It was longer duration in nature. It was made up much more heavily of municipals and corporate credits and lower-rated corporate credits. And that will be changed over time. It's going to be a little bit -- in fact, some of that's already occurred in the beginning of this year. And that will take a little while to do because a lot of it's onshore. So there's tax consequences to everything, so you got to be mindful on how it's done. But I think over time, it will conform a lot more closely to the Arch portfolio in that regard. Dinos? 
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. The only thing I will add is there is a tax component that we have to be mindful of it, especially having more income emanating from the U.S., which is taxable at a very high rate, depending what happens with the tax law. And we might not change the municipal component, which is giving us some tax relief. So all line is being considered. We have our teams in the investment department and our finance and tax people looking at restructuring the portfolio. But over time, it's going to look more like the Arch portfolio: high credit quality, probably shorter duration. But having said that, we got to take also into consideration the tax considerations. 
Quentin McMillan: If I could just sneak one more modeling thing in just to -- you gave a lot of guidance there. In terms of integration cost, do you have any updated estimate of what that might be for 2017? 
Constantine Iordanou: Let me read what I just said before. Integration costs -- you have costs up-front, and then you have significant savings later on. We didn't do this transaction because we had some spreadsheet that says this is going to be wonderful and you're going to have all these kind of savings. We did it because it makes a lot of sense going forward buying a business that has tremendous potential for earnings. It fits the -- it's a specialized product that, I think, we can create value with it. Having said that, our teams, they're going to look at maximizing synergies, like I said, without affecting customers and volume as we go. So depending how much we do, we will have an expense up-front and then the savings that come commensurate to that. But I want our teams to have freedom to make the right management decisions, and we'll let the accounting take care of itself. 
Marc Grandisson: At a high level though, it's a timing issue really. As Dinos pointed out, we will hear some synergies that we'll be able to extract some costs from. But I think the best thing I can tell you is, depending on the glide path that you think we'll be able to execute on, the long-term rate -- ratio of rates of expense of a typical MI company is 25% to 30%. So that's probably what I will use as an endpoint depending on where that endpoint is for -- in your mind as to how well -- quickly we connect it to. But again, the speed of execution is not going to come at a cost of losing customers and losing culture and losing the spirit of our companies. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: Thank you so much for providing these 2 alternatives to operating EPS estimates. I would add another one or ask what the third one is actually. What would be your -- sort of pro forma earnings would be if you're including both the financing cost as well as UGC earnings in the quarter? 
Mark Lyons: I don't have that because we did not have UGC's earnings in the quarter. So that's stuff that we don't have readily available, Kai. 
Constantine Iordanou: So it didn't report to us. I mean, we don't have the United Guaranty numbers. 
Kai Pan: Okay. Just want to give a try to see what's ongoing sort of going forward run rate earnings for you guys. 
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. Be patient. First quarter, we'll give you a lot of disclosure. We'll try to make your jobs as easy as possible and -- be patient. Another 3 months, and we'll be there. 
Kai Pan: Okay. And then on capital management, you said no buyback in 2017. So I was assuming the priority would pay down some of the debt and. Also I have seen -- like, what's your comfort level in terms of debt-to-capital ratio? As well as if you go into 2018 when buybacks come, would you prefer to do the buyback in sort of the common preferred or more in the open market? 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, let me start with '17. '17, we did say to the market and to the rating agencies, we will not buy back shares. So '17, it will be a year for us -- we're going to take the earnings, we're going to retain those earnings, and basically, we're going to start rebuilding some firepower on our balance sheet. Having said that, I don't know where '18 is going to be. When I see the year-end '17 numbers, we'll make some decisions. We want to maintain very good relationships with the rating agencies. They have been very fair with us in analyzing not only the transaction with us but the future plans and what we will need to do over the next 3 years. From our past history, you will know that we try to maintain a conservative balance sheet without a lot of debt on it, so we can have firepower in case markets change so we can take advantage of it. So that's the overall strategy now. With that, I'll turn you over to Mark Lyons who has more of the details. He does that analysis for all of us on a day-to-day basis. So Mark, go ahead. 
Mark Lyons: Sure. I think, Kai, on an overall basis, we said this publicly, is that over a 3-year period, we expect to be south of 20% on Moody's adjusted leverage ratio, which is, as you may recall, our preferred capacity treatments of 50% equity credit. So when you go back and noodle it, you can see how we're thinking. But that's going to be accomplished by a shrinking numerator and an increasing denominator. So both of those are going to go. And because we pulled $400 million out of the credit facility, which has more flexibility, that's likely the target area that if we're going to differ and have the ability to pay back sooner than planned, it will go to that area. 
Kai Pan: Okay, great. Lastly if I may is on the U.S. tax reform and just want to get your guys' perspective on [indiscernible] corporate tax rate and the border adjustability and also the Neal Bills in the Congress. What -- how would that impact your business going forward? 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I mean, it's -- first, let me start with the first one, the -- a lower tax rate, it's good for business. I mean, we -- at the end of the day, I'm in the minority here, but I strongly believe that the corporations should pay 0 tax and let their shareholders pay the tax when, eventually, corporation has to distribute it through dividends or through shares, funds to their shareholders, and they're all full taxpayers, so let them collect the tax on that basis. But put that aside, a reduction in the corporate tax rate is positive. Especially with the United Guaranty Corporation acquisition, we're just going to increase our domestic or U.S.-earned income. So that's a positive. The other 2 hypothetical -- the border adjustment tax, I don't know what's going to happen and if you will influence transactions between reinsurers. To me, a reinsurance transaction cross-border is more exporting risk rather than importing capital. So at the end of the day, without knowing the details, it's very, very, very hard to project as to what the effect is going to be. But the Neal Bill has been around for a long time. I don't know what's going to happen, but we have alternatives to that. We're multifaceted, and we're global in nature. So at the end of the day, I -- depending on this hypothetical, we'll react to it if and if it happens. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets. 
Charles Sebaski: So just like some thoughts on -- you talked about risk management. I think in the past, you guys have talked about mortgage now really filling up kind of 3 legs of a stool. But mortgage has got a different risk profile than us, P&C people, who are used to thinking about what PML and maybe greater exposure to economic risks. As we think about the mortgage business here, what's your -- how do you think about it from a risk perspective on what's the ability to grow, be it globally, be it from GSE transactions, is there still capacity to expand it? Or do the other legs of the stool need to expand some further? Just how the relativeness between the 3 divisions and the relative size on a risk basis on how you guys are thinking about that. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, let me start with the premise that our brains work in a fashion that I don't care what you do, you have to understand what your PML is, and you got to be comfortable on the basis of the balance sheet you have and are you comfortable with the setting of how much PML you can take within the balance sheet. The fact that historically, MI companies might have not looked at it from that perspective is not relevant to us. We -- so the tasks that I have assigned all of our teams, and I personally work with them because that's a significant bet we're making in another line of business, we should have a methodology of calculating PML, and we do -- we're in the third iteration of the model that calculates the aggregation of risk, including both underwriting risk within a mortgage business and also macroeconomic risk, change in unemployment, housing prices, et cetera, et cetera. And we stress that to see as to what kind of outcomes we have and how much of that we are willing to take within our balance sheet. Now we have also brought other tools that they were not traditional, and some of the other in my company, they're starting to use them as well. You don't have to retain all the risks on your balance sheet. There is reinsurance transactions you can bring. There is capital market transactions you can bring to bear to manage the risk. So that's the concept that we have. We use it with our cat business. We use it with our P&C and our reinsurance business. We [ph] in different segments. It could be marine. It could be aviation. It could be -- so we use the same approach because that's our DNA. Our DNA is bring in the risk, understand how much you're taking, risk-manage it to the point of comfort and see if you have more than what you want than either reinsure it out or use capital market transactions to bring it down to an acceptable level. It's the old saying. I used the expression my father taught me. He said, "Son, I don't care how good the meal is. Don't eat too much because you'll get indigestion." So we're not a company that is going to over line on risk to the point that I can't sleep at night or Mark and Marc cannot sleep at night. We sleep like babies. 
Charles Sebaski: Will you guys be willing to provide -- so in your traditional P&C businesses, you talked about Tri-County; you talked about Northeast. We think about wind exposure and PMLs on 1 in 250 or 1 in 100. Will there be some kind of basis for you to explain to us how these metrics are if it is unemployment or on GDP or on interest rates so that we can have comparability on risks? 
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, we might do that in the future. The reason I'm hesitant is not because we don't like to disclose to you guys a lot of stuff. We do, but we don't want to wake up our competitors to understand what we're doing either. And to tell you the truth, we're still in the process of -- with the rating agencies of going back and forth in them understanding all of our methodologies and all the good work we have done. So -- and we haven't come to a complete agreement with them as of yet in those discussions. So we're hoping this year, maybe sooner than later, we will get to some understandings in sharing our thoughts and our methodologies. And some of the methodologies, actually, we're using, we've taken from them, right? We look at how they look at mortgage risk, and we try to bring it in. But the basis of our PML analyses, it goes to both: one, things that we can control, meaning underwriting quality of the mortgages we insure and the pricing we apply to them and what those potential outcomes are; and second, macroeconomic factors that what if the unemployment rate goes to 15%, what if housing prices collapse by 25%, by 30%, and how rapidly they collapse. And we model all that, and then we come up. And there is a lot of other factors. We might share with you maybe some of our methodologies at our investor conference. This way, you'll know our deep thinking into these issues. But I'm not ready yet to be stopped putting our PMLs out for our competition to know. 
Charles Sebaski: That's fair. I guess, just a follow-up on the mortgage. I guess, any thoughts on new Treasury Secretary commentary about getting Fannie and Freddie out of government ownership? Would the expectation for you guys be that the speed of GSE derisking would accelerate for those companies to come out? Is that how you guys think about that? Or... 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, there is 2 constants that I think -- and our thinking is, first and foremost, there is pressure by Congress to put mortgage risk to the private markets. So that's a constant. The other constant is I think there is a recognition by our elected officials that securitization without the ultimate guarantee of the federal government is not possible. So those things we don't believe they're going to change. Now are the GSEs privately owned and/or controlled by -- I don't think those 2 factors, they're going to change. So at the end of the day, it -- for everybody who is involved in the mortgage guarantee business, it's positive because there is -- independent if you're Republican or Democrat, there is a movement to put more risks into the private hands and eliminate the taxpayer who have being the guarantor of these mortgages. The exception to that is the FHA who -- still, I want to remind you guys, there has probably between the FHA and the VA, they got more than, what, 55%, 57% of the market. So in essence, we do have the taxpayer-funded facilities competing in the private market. So that, to me, is more of a concern than what we do on the private side. But I think the future is pretty bright. Marc? 
Marc Grandisson: The indication that we get from talking to both the GSEs, and certainly, there's various projects and various products that you've heard that were initiated this year, and there's more on the horizon, clearly, the mandate from the GSEs is to be utilizing more of the private market actions. We've heard that the new world order in the GSEs for 5 or 6 years now, I guess, we'll get to a landing at some point. But I echo what Dinos has said, there's clearly no stopping them trying to leverage their new positioning and utilizing the third-party private capital to help make that a vibrant market. That's clearly pointing in that direction. 
Mark Lyons: And Chuck, I would just say it on the GSE because you were asking a pretty broad question. On the GSE credit risk transfer side, when you look at the balanced scorecards that are out there and what the Congress expects of the GSEs, there's no dropping off of that. It's a good signal of continued transfer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America. 
Jay Cohen: Two questions. The first is on the tax rate. That was very helpful to give the 2017 number. I know you're not giving an '18 number. But directionally, okay, let's assume for a second that the corporate tax rate doesn't change. So kind of on as-if basis, as you get into '18 and '19, would you expect the tax rate to come down because of things you will be doing internally? 
Mark Lyons: Well, that's loaded. If I could forecast the P&C underwriting cycle, I'd be a gazillionaire. But keeping everything constant, if there is no change at all, there should be minor drift in the aggregate effective tax rate because there should be incrementally more mortgage income associated with it. But that is a very rough and lack-of-confidence number. To the extent that there is changes in any submarket, we're going to allocate [ph] capital there, and that won't change our effective tax rate. And if it's cat, for example, it's going to be very Bermudacentric, which is going to drive it down. So that's the best I can say. 
Jay Cohen: That's helpful. I just didn't know if there are things you will be doing internally to affect that tax rate just structurally, internal reinsurance or something. 
Constantine Iordanou: It's the -- there might be a few things we do on the investment side. I mean, it's all -- it's part of the restructuring of the portfolio. Maybe there is little more municipal exposure on the investment side because it eliminates some of U.S. tax. But that doesn't move the needle that much. You're probably talking about a point or so. It's different between '11 and '12 or '12 and '13, so... 
Jay Cohen: Got it. And the other question was -- one of the things the new administration did was they suspended the price cut on the FHA premium. This wasn't a big deal when they were proposing cutting it. But how do you see that affecting you? 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, it affects the market in general, right? The FHA is -- and the VA is competing with the private markets. And don't forget, they have a tremendous advantage. Their capital requirement is 2%. So in essence, they're writing 50:1 where we're at 15:1 or less. So it's very, very tough sometimes to compete with Uncle Sam. But to us, that's positive because that reduction, in our view, we would have put more pressure on eventually the taxpayer and -- by, yes, reducing the cost to the consumer, but also, I'm not so sure that those rates for those kind of risks, it was sufficient to cover the exposure. 
Marc Grandisson: There is some movements here right now that the GSEs are sort -- the FHA's purpose is really to give home ownership to people that otherwise wouldn't have access to. So there's clearly a response in the GSE with Home Possible. There's a couple of programs that they're putting in place and are starting to implement that will hopefully try and attract and address that specific segment. So a little bit away from the FHA trying to get into that segment as well, which is again good news for us because it would be -- most of it would be conforming and needing private MI attached to it. So overall, that -- to echo again what Dinos just said, that moves was seen possitively by us. But again, we want to caution everyone that we're always one decision away from one of these directors to yet again put some other rate decrease. But that's the nature of the business that we're in. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. 
Ian Gutterman: So my first question for Mark is as much as a comment actually is I think you need to come up with a better term than alternative income because I worry, if you stick with that word, Melissa McCarthy is going to be reading your script next quarter. 
Mark Lyons: Well, as long as you're an English major, Ian, I'll listen to you. 
Ian Gutterman: So first, just a couple. Number one is the other underwriting income was higher than normal this quarter, mostly in the reinsurance. What was driving that? 
Mark Lyons: Yes. It's -- as we kind of talked about in the past with Watford Re, underwriting and investment fees are put together into a pot and they're shared equally, and it was just a reflection of better performance. 
Ian Gutterman: Okay. So is that like a year-end true-up? Or is that just a good quarter? 
Constantine Iordanou: No, it was a quarter... 
Mark Lyons: No, it's a quarter performance. 
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Okay. And then the amortization, you said, $110 million for, I guess, this year grading down. Can you just give us some sort of sense of the slope of that? 
Mark Lyons: Well, I gave -- did give you 2 data points. 
Ian Gutterman: You did. You did, and I try -- it's just that -- can I linearly do it? Or is there -- or is that parabolic? 
Constantine Iordanou: I remember, it's exponential. 
Mark Lyons: Just do a downslope exponential, and you'll be good. I think you can get $480 million -- $480 million of it, at the beginning, that's amortizable, right? As long as you're $110 million in the first year, 75% out of year 5... 
Constantine Iordanou: You can figure out. You're a math major. 
Mark Lyons: I can get my junior high school daughter do... 
Ian Gutterman: So I took a shot. I just want to make sure there wasn't some curvature to that rather than a slope, but the... 
Mark Lyons: No, there is some curvature. There is some curvature. It -- think of it as -- it actually varies by which intangible asset [indiscernible] versus the other. But as I said, after 5 years out, it becomes insignificant. I'll give you one more data point. At year 6 is pushing $20 million area. So that gives the greater falloff, so... 
Constantine Iordanou: It's becoming a math exam for you. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. 
Ian Gutterman: That's okay. I can handle it. I'll compare notes with you next time. You can see how good my guess is. You can grade me on it. I do sit in the back of the room, but I take good notes. The -- just on that topic we're talking about disclosures for UG. Would it be possible to give us sometime before next quarter's earnings, say, a 4-quarter trailing pro forma mortgage insurance segment? I know it's possible. I guess I'm asking, is it realistic? We could discuss offline if you like, but that's... 
Mark Lyons: Well, clearly, it's the starting point because of debt and the preferred that we had to issue the -- for the prospectus has the actual UGC information that you can use as a baseline because, as you know, the segment on the prior owner reporting was beyond UGC. You took the tape out,  [ph] the share. So that, I think, is a useful starting point. Yes. 
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And then just lastly on the comment on the tax of low to mid-teens, should I assume that -- does that assume that you will have a 50% quota share on the entire U.S. MI business, including UG? 
Mark Lyons: It does. 
Constantine Iordanou: It does. 
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And so... 
Mark Lyons: Forward. 
Constantine Iordanou: The forward. 
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And I guess, this is an issue for '17, but if you want to go out to '18 or '19 or whatever. If there were a change in U.S. tax rules, where something like the Neal Bill happened, any sort of sense of what the sensitivity of that tax rate is? 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, without knowing what the bill is going to say, I can't model it for you. But tell me what the bill is going to say, and then I'll model it. 
Ian Gutterman: Fair enough. Fair enough. Okay. I guess, I wanted to -- are there the same opportunities that I think you printed out with the P&C business? Could they be applied to the MI business as well? Or was that really something that only would work on the P&C business? 
Constantine Iordanou: I don't totally understand the question. What do you mean? It's sessions from P&C versus MI? 
Ian Gutterman: Right. I mean, are there other places you can send stuff to, I guess? Other balance sheets you could use, things like that. 
Constantine Iordanou: Believe me, believe me, my door is broken down by people. They want to get a piece of our MI businesses, reinsurance. Depends how -- what kind of terms you negotiate. Do you share on the profit or not? It's a lot of alternatives. So without me knowing exactly, we react to what the actual law is, and we abide by the law, and then we maximize for our shareholders the potential outcome. So not knowing that is so very hard, but there is alternatives. Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: Just a couple quick questions. First off, the intangibles that we were just talking about, the $110 million, are those going into net or operating earnings? 
Mark Lyons: Well, since that's a 2017 item, in all honesty, we are debating the alternatives. But I believe you can count on us being more transparent as more likely having it itemized in a way to let you flip it however you choose to look at it. 
Elyse Greenspan: So when you guys talked about the deal like as the accretion, 35%, was that including or excluding the amortization? 
Mark Lyons: It was including. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the PMLs. I know Dinos you had mentioned how you guys are talking about kind of calculating the aggregate risk, including the mortgage exposure. So as we think about, potentially, a harder market on the cat side, obviously, it doesn't seem like that's anything you guys are expecting. I guess, the right assumption would be that we would never really see 25% of your capital going to cat business because now we have this greater mortgage exposure that you're also counterbalancing against your capital. How are you guys kind of, I guess, thinking about how that kind of all comes together? 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, my authority as -- and the senior management authority from the board is we can't expose more than 25% of our equity capital on any line of business that will include MI. So that's the maximum we can take on a PML basis. If we want to take more, we have the opportunity, but it will be, I bet you, a very, very long discussion with our board. And then jointly, we'll make a decision. And if we make a decision to be something different, we will tell the market about it. So right now, that's what we are operating under. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last question on, I guess, the pricing side. As we think about higher inflation just overall for the industry, I mean, kind of where you guys point it to, it seems like it's still kind of deteriorating on the primary insurance side. Do you see people starting to think about pushing for more price as we think about higher inflationary levels? Or thinking it will kind of be like what we've seen in prior cycles where we get companies pushing for price after inflation shows up within our margins? 
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. Unfortunately, we don't see price increases. I'll give it to Marc for more color, but I think there is a time delay. Then basically, I think it's the other metrics that usually cause us to bill the industry. I'm not talking specifically, but the industry [ph] change. It's when loss cost inflation, which does not always correlate with the economic inflation, starts showing up in the numbers. How well the reserves are behaving? Those are the kind of things that cause adjustment to pricing. For now, I'm not sensing any adjustments to pricing. You saw we reported that. For some of our business, we're getting some price increases, but for a lot of them, we get decreases. So -- and in the aggregate we're negative, not positive. So Marc? 
Marc Grandisson: I think that the difficulty that we're running right now is most people are looking at our portfolio, and we've had a very benign trend for the last 5 or 6 years. And a lot of your projections or the way you will price your business going forward is dependent on the historical, not on the forward looking. It's very, very hard to predict what the future inflation will be. The tendency for an underwriting unit or an underwriting company to sort of assume the same old trend will carry on for a little while. That explains why it has a delay in the lag in recognizing trends. And it's especially acute if you are on the excess of loss, if you are excess of a certain threshold, say, $3 million, $4 million, $5 million or $10 million, is where we further delay. So unfortunately, we're seeing -- we're not seeing no big reactions to this. I would also add that a lot of people are expecting yields to pick up and interest rates to increase and more -- possibly more investment income in the future. So there is sort of buttressing a little bit that rate deterioration that we're seeing in the moment. 
Mark Lyons: At a least, I'll just throw something in as well. We're more concerned with loss cost trend. Sometimes that's frequency driven; sometimes that's severity driven. Your question was more severity driven. And if you can say that, that cross-rated business is in primary, frequency tends to drive it, and you can sharpen your pencil a lot more and start with the competitors. What is the long-tailed, long-duration excess in Mark's example, rationalization takes over, and it's not necessarily correlated as much. 
Constantine Iordanou: And don't forget, don't forget, traditionally, the markets don't turn on these technical analyses and evaluation. The market turns when you have more fear than greed. It's the 2 emotions that determine the market. We have excess capital. There's a lot of people accepting mid-single-digit returns. They view that as acceptable for the risk business, which I think is insanity in my view. And at the end of the day, I don't see fear in the market yet. When you start seeing fear in the market, that's when you're going to see rates moving up, and we don't see it yet. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And congrats getting the deal done at $11.59. 
Constantine Iordanou: We appreciate that. I had a glass of champagne celebrating the new year and the closing. So I was -- it was very economical. I paid for one glass, and I celebrated 2 things. 
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Dinos Iordanou. 
Constantine Iordanou: Well, thank you all. We're looking forward to the next quarter. Have a good afternoon. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and CEO Marc Grandisson - President and COO Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Quentin McMillan - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Ryan Byrnes - Janney Brian Meredith - UBS Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities Jay Cohen - BankAmerica Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Balyasny
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Arch Capital Group Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review the periodic reports that are filed by the company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to introduce your hosts for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Mark Lyons. Sirs, you may begin.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings call. Before I comment on the quarter’s results, I wanted to note two items. First, this October represents the 15th year anniversary and I would like to express my gratitude to our employees, whose dedication and commitment has built this successful company over the last 15 years. Our employees are not just our most important asset; they are critical to producing the market-leading performance that we have seen these past 15 years. And I would like to say thank you to all of them. Second item I want to comment on is about our pending acquisition of United Guaranty Corporation, as you know Arch has agreed to purchase United Guaranty for approximately $3.42 billion. Early indications from the GSE’s and regulators have been positive and we are hoping that the acquisition will close late in the fourth quarter of this year, which will minimize the disruption to our distribution partners in the mortgage lending space, as well as the employees of United Guaranty who will benefit from this timing as they transfer to Arch benefits and healthcare coverages as of January 1, so they don’t have to deal with a split year deductibles and all the other complications that at different date might produce. Now turning to these quarter results, we have a good quarter. Our reported combined ratio on a core basis, which Mark Lyons will define in a moment improved to 86.5% for the third quarter, as catastrophe losses were light [ph] at $10.7 million. Loss reserve development continues to remain at favorable in each of our segments, which in the aggregate reduce our combined ratio by 8.8 points in the quarter. There were no significant changes that we see in the property, casualty, operating environment in the last quarter. In our insurance segment, we saw a slight deterioration in rates across some sectors, particularly in the high access and short tail areas. But rates were generally stable in most of the lines, while the mortgage insurance environment remains both stable and healthy. Marc Grandisson will give you more details on what we see in each of the markets in a few minutes. On an operating basis, we produce an annualized return on equity of 8.8% while on a net income basis, we earn an annualized return of equity of 15.3% for the quarter. As we have told you in previous quarters, net income movements can be more volatile on a quarterly basis as these earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses, other investment portfolio. Net investment income per share for the quarter was $0.53 per share down forced us [ph] sequentially from the second quarter of 2016. Despite volatility in the investment and foreign exchange markets this year on a local currency basis, total return on our investment portfolio was a positive 88 basis points and 91 basis points if we include the effects of foreign exchange in the quarter. Our operating cash flow was very strong at $421 million in the third quarter, as compared to $359 million in the third quarter of 2015. Our book value per common share at September 30, 2016 was $53.62 per share at 3% increase sequentially from the second quarter of 2016 and 12.5% increase from the third quarter over a year ago. While some segments of our business have become more competitive, we believe that group-wide on an expected basis, the present value ROE on the business written in the 2016 underwriting year should produce ROEs in the range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Before I turn the call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs, which are essentially unchanged from July 1. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PMLs aggregates reflect business bound through October 1st, while the premium numbers indicated in our financial statement are through September 30th, and then the PMLs are reflected net off of reinsurance and retrocessional covers. As of our largest 250 PML for a single event remains in the northeast at $488 million, or 7.4% of common shareholder’s equity. I think this is the lowest percentage ever for us. Our Gulf of Mexico PML was at $418 million and our Florida Tri-County PML increased slightly to $405 million. I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson to comment on the operating units and market conditions and after that I think Mark Lyons will share the financial results in detail before we come back to take your questions. Marc?
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos. Good morning to all. In the third quarter, we saw a continued softening of rates in positions across the P&C world. Particularly in the more commoditized lines and as Dinos mentioned, a stable MI marketplace. Our P&C units both insurance and reinsurance produced acceptable combined ratios as our underwriters focused on specialty lines, where knowledge and expertise differentiated to this selection. As you are all aware, we continue to build out of our MI segment in the third quarter, our returns are attractive. Turning first to our primary P&C insurance operations, which represents about 60% of our total premiums. Rate changes in our U.S. operations were relatively stable in the third quarter at a negative of 110 basis points versus a negative of 120 basis points last quarter. As in previous quarters, most of what we at Arch call, our controlling low volatility segments which includes travel, A&H, contract binding, construction and program business had rate changes that were in a slightly positive range 50bps, while our cycle managed segments, which includes property in marine, energy and casualty experienced single to double-digit rate decreases. Unfortunately, rate decreases are becoming widespread across more business units than have been building over the last few quarters, increasingly our business mix is moving towards smaller specialty risks, which had historically performed better in submarkets given that they are less exposed to the competitive pressures of the broad commercial liability and short tail markets. Globally P&C market remains also under pressure from a rate level perspective. In the UK, rate changes across all our product lines average negative 5% this quarter leading us to shift further towards portfolios of smaller risks with lower volatility. Areas of opportunity within the insurance sectors were limited with modest growth recorded in the third quarter in our construction and national accounts, travel an alternative market line. Most of the growth came because we took advantage of this location in those areas, yet our executive insurance property and marine businesses are areas where we level [ph] leaders to a continuing defensive strategy of reducing risks. Market conditions in our reinsurance group, which is 30% of our premium volume remain competitive. Our teams have to be very selective given conditions in their operating environments, but Arch’s history is that our underwriters have been able to find opportunities that still meet our target returns. This quarter specialty areas such as agriculture and motor grew well short tailed segments such as property, cat and marine experienced significant rate decreases and we accordingly decreased our writings in those segments. Our strategy at Arch has been to focus on niche areas of opportunities, where as I said earlier, we believe that knowledge and experience gives us an edge, for that reason and given the tough market conditions in any one quarter, our premium mix changes sometimes significantly. Turning to our third leg, our MI segment, which is this quarter 9% of our premium, but a growing percentage of our premium earned. We estimate that our market share of primary NIW in the U.S. rose to about 10% or 11% in the third quarter from 9% market share in Q2. In addition, we continued our market leadership in underwriting new U.S. GSE risk sharing transactions, which stood at $2 billion of notional limits enforce and we continue to see good volume from our Australian primary insurance relationship. Notably this quarter, we elected to purchase a quarter share on our Australian business to help manage the risk profile of our global MI exposure, while returns on this business remain attractive, we believe it is prudent to manage what potential adverse results and we expect this risk much like we do in our other lines of business in the P&C sector, where we typically purchased protection to limit our aggregate exposures. Our U.S. MI operation increases its NIW 36% to $8.75 billion during the third quarter of 2016, of which approximately 79% came through the bank channel. It should be noted that there is seasonality in the level of mortgage origination. Historically, the second and third quarter have significant higher production than the first and fourth quarters. Our return expectation across our MI segment remains in excess of our long-term ROE target and we expect that for the foreseeable future. And with that, I'll hand this over to Mark to cover the detailed financial results. Mark?
Mark Lyons: Right. Thank you, Marc and good morning, all. As was took on previous calls, my comments to follow today are on a pure Arch basis, which excludes the other segment that being Watford Re unless otherwise noted. I will continue to use the term core as Dinos mentioned in his notes to denote results without Watford Re and the term consolidated, when discussing results, including Watford Re. As Dinos commented, we announced UGC acquisition in August for a consideration of approximately $3.4 billion subject to a potential dollar-for-dollar reduction from any pre-closing dividend by UGC to AIG and subject to potential fluctuations due to the color structure around our common equivalent preferred component. Financing and integration activities are proceeding smoothly as we push for a year-end closing. Before I review our financial results, so let me update you on our recent financing activities during the third quarter. The first is the issuance of $18 million, 5.25% series A non-cumulative for preference shares in late September, which raised net proceeds of approximately $435 million, which will be used primarily towards funding the UGC acquisition. Secondly, we negotiated a syndicated bridge loan facility in support of the UGC acquisition of $1.375 billion. The potential use of which has been commensurately reduced for the aforementioned preferred stock issuance. Thirdly, we began efforts to renew our existing credit facility towards increasing the capacity to $850 million, which includes a $500 million unsecured revolving credit tranche and a $350 million secured letter of credit tranche. The new facility has been signed this week expires in five years and gives us access to additional capital for the UGC acquisition and for general corporate purposes. Please refer to our publicly available SEC filings for more detail. Okay, with that said, the core combined ratio for this quarter was 86.5% with 1.3 points of current accident year cat-related events net of insurance to reinsurance - reinstatement premium, compared to the 2015 third quarter combined ratio of 89.7%, which reflected 2.3 points of cat-related events. Losses from 2016 cat events recorded in the third quarter, net of recoverables at reinstatement premiums totaled $10.7 million versus $18.8 million in the third quarter of 2015. These third quarter cat losses stem mostly from within our reinsurance operation and reflect the series of small events around the globe with no single event concentration. The 2016 third quarter core combined ratio reflects 8.8 points of prior year net favorable development compared to 7.1 points of prior period favorable development on the same basis in the 2015 third quarter. This resulted a core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cat for the third quarter of 94% even as compared to 94.5% active quarter combined ratio in the third quarter of 2015. In the insurance segment, the 2016 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 97.9% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 95.8% a year ago and 96.3% similarly last quarter. This 210-basis point increase between the third quarter of 2016 versus 2015 was driven by a 130 basis points in the loss ratio and 80 basis points in the expense ratio. The loss ratio would increase; it was primarily attributable to certain large attritional losses emanating from our U.S. operations. After adjusting for the incremental difference in large attritional losses, the accident quarter loss ratio this quarter is virtually flat with the prior year's quarter. The reinsurance segment, 2016 accident quarter combined ratio exclusive of cat was 96.5% compared to 94.6% in the third quarter of last year and versus 98.4% yearly last quarter. The combined ratio reflected the impact of several excess property facultative losses that occurred during the quarter. The mortgage segment 2016, accident quarter combined ratio was 60.7% compared to 82.5% for the third quarter of last year. This decrease is predominantly driven by favorable trends related to claim rates and claim sizes and the continued expense ratio improvement in our U.S. primary MI book due mostly to growth along with beneficial mix changes towards GSE credit risk sharing transaction. There was however one transaction in this quarter in the mortgage segment, which distorts the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Retrocessional coverage was purchased on certain Australian LMI business with loan to values greater than 90% that extended back to the inception of the underlying agreement, which was May of 2015. As a result, premiums this quarter contained an additional $34 million of catch-up sessions, which served to commensurately understate net written premiums for the quarter. Regarding prior period development, the insurance segment accounted for roughly 18% of the total net favorable development in the quarter and this was primarily driven by longer and medium tailed lines in the 2007, 2012 accident years partially offset by some accident year of 2015 property loss development from our UK operations. The reinsurance segment accounted for approximately 79% of the total favorable development in the quarter with roughly 45% of that due to net favorable development on short tailed lines concentrated in 2012 through 2015 underwriting years, and the balance due to net favorable development on longer tailed lines emanating across most underwriting years prior to 2013. The mortgage segment contributed out 3% of the total net favorable developments, which translates to a 3.2 point beneficial impact to the mortgage segment loss ratio, again resulting from continued lower than expected claim rates. The overall core expense ratios for the quarter was 33.4% compared to the prior year’s comparative quarter of 34.2%. This 80-point basis point improvement is driven mostly from improved acquisition expense in the reinsurance and mortgage segment with the latter benefit largely being aided by a higher proportion of GSE business receiving insurance accounting treatment, which has lower acquisition expense. Additionally, corporate expenses included approximately $6.8 million or about $5.5 a share of nonrecurring cost associated with the UGC transaction. These costs reflect investment banker fees, bridge loan facility fees along with related legal accounting rating and SEC fees. Core cash flow from operations was approximately $421 million in the quarter versus approximately $359 million in the third quarter of 2015, this was primarily due to a lower level of net paid losses this quarter versus last year’s quarter. Core pre-tax investment income in the 2016 as Dinos mentioned was $66.3 million or $0.53 per share versus $67 million or $0.54 per share quarter-over-quarter and sequentially versus $70.4 million or $0.57 per share. The decrease on the sequential basis was primarily due to the effective low interest rates on fixed income securities available in the market and unfavorable inflation just on U.S. tip securities. As always, we evaluate investment performance on a total return basis and not nearly by the geography of net investment income as exemplified by the $96 million of core realized gains in the quarter. That being said, total returns as a positive 88 basis points this quarter, which reflects the impact of foreign exchange and a positive 91 basis points on a local currency basis. This return was led by strong equity, non-investment grade fixed income and alternative investment results. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income available to our shareholders for this quarter with an expense of 6.5% compared to an expense of 5.7% in the corresponding quarter 2015, driven by an increased proportion of U.S. based income. This quarter, 6.5% effective tax rate includes 50 basis points or roughly $800,000 relating to a true-up of the prior two quarters tax provision to the estimated annual effective tax rate reflected here. As always, fluctuations in the effective tax rate can resolve from variability in the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Our total capital was $8.24 billion at the end of 2016 third quarter, up 8.5% relative to last quarter, and up 2.6%, when excluding the recent $450 million preferred stock issuance discussed earlier. Our debt-to-capital ratio this quarter remains low at 10.8% and debt plus hybrids represents 20.2% of our total capital, which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. We continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. We did not purchase any shares this quarter under our authorized share buyback program, which has remaining authorization of $446 million at quarter’s end. Dinos mentioned book value, so I will not. And with these introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alice Green [ph] from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. You have just any kind of initial insight into what your potential fourth quarter losses would be from Hurricane Matthew?
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. Early estimates and is quite early - is that it would be within our cat mode and remind everybody our cat mode is about $40 million a quarter. So, what we see on a model base is, we get a number close to the cat or when we see the actual claim reporting activity is much lower, so it's too early for us to narrow that number, but it looks to us like it's within the cat mode.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then would that be more of an insurance versus reinsurance or is that too early to say?
Constantine Iordanou: Right now, it looks it's a 50-50 allocation between the two, excess and then reshaping the portfolio, we still have an average that somewhat in more stable with the PML could change dramatically. So, the shape of our curve last change as we have gotten away from the high-risk excess area specifically on the cat reinsurance.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then one question, in terms of the UGC finances that you guys disposed with the deal on the accretion double-digits in the first-year and then 35% about or so in 2017, are you guys planning on taking of the intangible amortizations through earnings, so are those accretion figures excluding intangibles?
Mark Lyons: That reflects, yeah, that reflected an estimate of the mix between goodwill and intangibles at the time, as we work through towards closing and getting much more clarity on what goodwill versus amortizable intangibles that will modify it. In fact, I think, you can see some of that in the respected supplement that we had for the preferred offering, you know, some accounting rules around it, but there was more refinance on the intangibles and whenever we go to the markets next and that will have close-up you might see an adjustment there, what matters is what if there is a closing and we’re working with our auditors to fine tune that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And then one last question, we're a couple of weeks away from the Presidential Election, Dino I was just hoping if you could just give some high-level views on potential impact of the election overall just on the insurance industry. Thank you very much.
Constantine Iordanou: I don’t know, I guess, it depends on what happens with the - President is going to be Congress and are they friendly to the business environment or unfriendly you know without knowing that it’s - the big issue for the insurance business is going to be on appointment of judges, how the Supreme Court, it will be and it’s a slow process but if we continue in the path over the last eight years, I can tell you that the future is going to be more challenging for the business and we've got to adjust to it, because at the end of the day that’s what our words get determined you know not only in the cases that they get litigated, but also in the cases that they get settled, because the settlement values go up based on the attitude of the courts. So, not knowing what’s going to happen hard to predict.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much and good luck with the getting the UGC deal closed.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning.
Constantine Iordanou: Good morning, Kai.
Kai Pan: First question. Good morning. First question on UGC. Now you have like two minds after deal announcements speak with sort of external clients in the banks. And is there any indication term of a potential mark share loss, because the concentration issue. How that compare with your initial thought? And any other - any offsetting factor internally on the expense saving side, you can offset some of those?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, let me answer the first one. I’ll get Marc Grandisson to get on the second part of your question. But on the first one, first and foremost, you got to understand that we’re running independent of each other. We're still two independent companies, we want to come together after closing. So, our discussions with the market and the clients is separate from the UGC discussions with the market and the client. No indications yet, that there is any discomfort, you know about what they do with us or they do with that. Once we close and we become one company will revisit that issue, but nothing so forth that indicates any significant overlap that it might be problematic.
Marc Grandisson: Actually, yeah this is Marc now. Actually, part of the division so the highlight to us that, there is not as much overlap as we might think. But again, the proof I mean putting after we close the books, then we go and represent some of those that are - that have that we may have overlap on, story to tell right now. In terms of the expense savings or working through the operations. We have teams that are dedicating working very, very diligently to try to assess and first and foremost try to understand what both sides have in terms of system and operations and structure. to how we can make something that would be unique and cohesive as we go forward after the closing. We’re making good progress in that direction. At that point in time, we’re not so focused on to address your questions specifically on the expense savings or whatnot if they are there and we are as we said in August, not doing that transaction for that reason. First and foremost, we think there will be some we don’t know how much it’s going to be. Our team also going through that process. And the savings might come necessarily on a linear basis and then we'll have to integrate and get things together. So, it’s very hard for us to tell you anything more than this at this point in time.
Mark Lyons: And Kai, it's Mark Lyons. Let me just add that when we are doing our economic analysis of this deal, and when we and we communicated on our call-in August, about this transaction. We actually anticipate some fall off of the market share. So, to the extent that there is some marginal fall off, it wouldn't surprise us and it's the fact that it contemplates.
Kai Pan: Okay. Mark any estimates, and sort of like additional interest expenses for the first quarter?
Mark Lyons: Well, I think you can, what you call interest expense, you can take your five and the quarter times the 450 and add that in. As far as we’re really not in the position yet to discuss the timing or expense of any additional offering. But we are striving towards closing at year-end. So, there is two months to accomplish.
Kai Pan: That’s good. And then my second question is really on the core loss ratio, the deterioration year-over-year. You expand that with some higher level of attrition losses in both insurance and reinsurance segments. I just wonder, did you consider this year’s large attrition losses subnormal and or just higher than sort of like exceptionally sort of good results from last year?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, no. On the insurance growth, it was a shorty loans that we have accounted for it to its full extent. Surety it's a line of business by nature. Occasionally, it will give you that volatility. One quarter you have a big lowest than two, three quarters loan losses. So, I don’t, you know we look at the book and the composition of the book and the long-term performance in making you know judgments as to how healthy or unhealthy that book is. So, one quarter event doesn’t really give you a trend so to speak. On similar case with the reinsurance. This is you know, excessive loss property - transactions and you know occasionally that’s where you’re in business. You will - you take in the volatility from your clients, so when it happens you know it comes to the books. But that particular unit has been a big, big money maker for us and it continues to be, so I don’t attribute that as a trend.
Marc Grandisson: In fact, we looked at the last - the trailing 12 months’ accident year combined ratio adjusted for all these large losses and it’s actually very, very stable, which is what we care for like Dinos' point one quarter does not make a trend and where we’re right now, we’re very comfortable and very happy with the stability actually of the accident year combined ratio.
Mark Lyons: Kai, just one more thing as Dinos has noted about the reinsurance side that facultative group has been enormously profitable by its nature short tailed excess position, it’s going to be volatile any given quarter could be volatile. And our view there was roughly 2.5 a little more of long-term loss ratio points that may have been excess of what you normally would see which translates, if you go back and do the arithmetic, it pushes to go about a 60 or a 59 on the adjustment for the loss ratio for the reinsurance group totality versus 59 the prior year, so it's 90 basis point movement.
Kai Pan: Great. Well, thank you so much for the answers.
Marc Grandisson: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Quentin McMillan from KBW. Your line is open.
Quentin McMillan: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks very much. I just wanted to touch on the UGC acquisition, you have a footnote in here that it’s dependent on closing the execution of an excess of loss agreement between AIG and UGC. I just wanted to ask if you guys have any clarity at this point on that reinsurance transaction sort of maybe what it will be protecting you guys against in the future, this is not the Valemid [ph] 3:1 or Valemid 3:2, I'm talking about the third excess of loss agreement what it’s going to protect in the future and maybe if you’ve gotten that in place at this point?
Marc Grandisson: A couple of layers there. First layer of answer is that between AIG and Arch, we have agreed on terms and conditions of it, it is not yet signed because we need approval of the GSE’s that’s a requirement and that’s part of our discussion with them now. So, that's the first point. So, I would say significant progress on that aspect. Secondly, it’s an aggregate excess of loss that is a couple of layers involved, but it’s effectively 2009 through year end of 2016 coverages, there is an out of the money cover that in the aggregate provides quite a bit of capital release from the viewpoint of S&P.
Quentin McMillan: And who is going to bear the original cost for that, is that going to be paid for by Arch, by AIG or a combination?
Marc Grandisson: It’s effectively paid by UGC at closing, so it's an applied book value reduction for the premium.
Quentin McMillan: Okay, great. And then can you help us in terms of the investment yield of the portfolio when UGC has added in maybe what is sort of the current yield and or duration of the UGC portfolio and how much uplift might that have on the overall Arch portfolio and will you be using the extended duration of the UGC premiums to extend your own duration or change anything in the overall investment portfolio going forward maybe starting in Q1 ‘17?
Mark Lyons: Let me start and ask Dinos to say a few words too. First off, once the closing occurs the management of that will transfer of course to AIM which is our internal Arch Investment Management. The coupons on that book is higher it’s about 3, I think maybe 3:5 is the average coupon, it’s a lot of credit book in there, which could be reshaped. So, I think some of that is timing, I would expect it to conform more towards Arch’s approach of total return and Arch is getting lost on the source of coupon income, so that will more for overtime probably throughout the course of 2017.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah, it will probably take at least two or three quarters for our investment professionals to make whatever changes we feel that are appropriate, but at the end of the day, it’s going to be - it’s going to look more like the Arch duration and credit quality than what exist today.
Quentin McMillan: Okay. And just a quick follow-up, the coupon in the UGC book it says about 3.3 average, what is the Arch current kind of average coupon?
Marc Grandisson: Closer to 2.
Quentin McMillan: Okay. Thank you so much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks so much. Just a couple quick ones, Mark maybe on the investment portfolio just the yield or the investment incomes are ticked down sequentially look like there was some seasonality last year sort of consistent with that, is there anything that we should think about that’s not sort of run rate from third quarter maybe some mortgage backed security payouts or something on along those lines that would talk not to be consistent.
Mark Lyons: Every quarter, there is - it's always a new story, so I wouldn’t look at in a trend sense. Back to my total return comments, I mean clearly that's a group harvested some gains hence the approximate of $100 million of realized gains I noted, so again based upon our total return approach, so you get those gains and you put some of that back in to the extent to which you put back into fixed income, you got new money rates there.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Okay. So, you've got some harvesting there. Okay, that helps. Thanks. And then, how should we be thinking about the tax rate, it looks like, so guessing the MI impact is caused to lift here over the last few quarters, how should we be thinking about that longer-term once you integrate UGC?
Mark Lyons: Okay. Good question. First, a slight correction to what you said, mortgage was contributory to that, but remember our mortgage segment is very broadened some of that is that of Bermuda [ph] and other jurisdictions and the U.S. semi operation clearly was contributing positive underwriting gain at this point, so they were contributory, but let's not overlook, the facultative unit we talked about on the property side, the insurance group and the onshore reinsurance group all were profitable and contributing income. So, it's really the composite of those of Michael that actually inched up the effective tax rate The second part of your question with UGC, we talked about it on our call about UGC, we plan on having a subject to improvable course with GSEs, a core share facility in place, so only - roughly half of those exposures and gains will be resident in the U.S. jurisdictions, so it’s going to have an uplift, but probably not the slope of uplift that you might be contemplating.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. How did you say that I was contemplating you - did you look inside my…
Mark Lyons: I reversed engineer the first part.
Michael Nannizzi: I saw that. That’s invasive. Yes, thanks. And then last really a quick one the Australia core share, can you talk about, sort of just how you’re thinking about like that on the four word, is that sort of notionally the right amount, that we should be covering in, I just love to get a little bit more color on the thought process there, is that possible?
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. The thought process is more important than the actual specific transactions when - with everything we do we have an overlay of the risk management, we look at our capital, we need - how much risk is putting for us to carry and at the end of the day, we look for ways to manage that and reinsurance is one way to do it. So, we’ll look at it from a global perspective, how much MI business we have, how much we will attain that to our books and then the rest of it we ensure. And that’s the attitude with everything that we do, it’s not only on the MI side, it's also on the PMC side both reinsurance and insurance and as we said in prior calls going forward as per the acquisition is completed with United Guaranty, we will be looking at the MI book including the U.S. book and buying the appropriate aggregate protection to make sure that we have from a risk management point of view, the profit parameters. We always think about PML, we think about PMLs also not on the PMC side only, but also on the mortgage side and that will drive a lot of our decisions doing a Valemid [ph] 3 and doing aggregate excess of loss for different years. As Mark told you the transaction we have with AIG will have in 2016 and prior 2009 to 2016. So, all those years are taking care of, so to speak. And then for us is what we do for 2017, 2018, 2019 ad as we go forward. But that's the philosophy and is no different than what - how we run the group for the last 15 years. Measure approach to pricing properly and then making sure we don't take too much of the meal independent how profitable that meal is.
Michael Nannizzi: Right before lunchtime comment, I think that's totally fair.
Constantine Iordanou: As you can tell from my voice I'm a little bit under the weather. So, the meal for today is - Avgolemono [ph], which in Greek means Lemon soup. That's the only thing that cures common cold.
Michael Nannizzi: I won't try to pronounce that. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sara Dovish [ph] from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Wanted to get your latest outlook for mortgage insurance market conditions. One area of concern I hear sometimes that were late in the credit and economic cycles. So, how much longer do you think mortgage insurance returns will be good for?
Constantine Iordanou: We don't see anything that clouds the horizon. I think it's pretty clear, all the indications is that it's a stable market, pricing has been stable, the environment is good. We're projecting housing prices to be going up somewhere between 3% and 5% next year. Yes, there is certain states especially the energy states that there might be some issues but that's what rates starts is all about. We look at an adjusting pricing on the basis of what the risk components are. But long-term, we view the market to be very healthy and there is no indication for us that it's going to change in the next few years.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great. And additionally, do you expect any FHA rate cut before the election and what would be the implications of that for you?
Constantine Iordanou: I have no idea what the FHA will do. And I don't like to guess. At the end of the day, a lot will depend on the actuarial work that is going to be done to see what their capital requirements, if they're meeting the minimum standard that report usually comes out in mid-November and so for so. But we don't anticipate it before the election, but you never know after the election. Once they take an action then we can gauge what that might mean. But without them doing something is very hard to predict.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Sibaski [ph] from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello. Thank you. First is on, there is a report recently regarding the GSE and some of the risk sharing and regarding some bondholders that are raising issue regarding credit quality from the reinsurance and the GSEs offloading that. If any thoughts or you had any conversations with the GSE, is there any real legitimacy to the amount of risk transfer change going on, appreciate your thoughts.
Constantine Iordanou: We don't basically the GSEs they're interested in having two avenues, the cash market and also the reinsurance market. Their allocation has been pretty constant so to speak about 25% to 35% depending on the quarter to the reinsurance market. And then the rest of it 65% to 75% in the cash market and they're being consistent with that approach. Now, I don't believe they have any concerns about the creditworthiness of the reinsurers. Because at the end of the day, they make the selection as to whom they're going to allocate these transactions to show. As the matter of fact for the GSEs is terrific by looking at the credit quality of the reinsurance and allocate what portion of the deal they want to allocate to any particular individual.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. And then, I guess on the insurance business on the low vol, you guys had pretty nice growth and some of the travel and accident and some of the other products and it seems to be market place, is that there is lots of interest in the low vol business today. Is curious if you've seen any additional increase in competition and whether or not your growth is coming from some new programs coming out or just kind of branding out, doing good work with the existing business and any color on it?
Constantine Iordanou: These are product lines and don’t forget, when we build Arch we got into product lines that nobody wanted to do back in 2002, 2003, 2004, because some of them they can be slow growth unless you make a major purchase. These things require patience and perseverance to make them meaningful all the time. Yes, depending on the cycle, there is more competition or less competition, but more importantly with these kind of products, you have to have a long-term view and a long-term commitment, and it will take time to build volume. It doesn’t fit with the thesis of instant creditification, you know you don’t get that with these kinds of product. So, we will be very patience and we have grown some businesses from nothing to a reasonable size, I mean our lenders business grew over the years from some $20 million to over a $100 million in premium. And we try to find these little nuggets that we work all the time to give us more control of our portfolio. And as Marc Grandisson said, and I’ll turn it over to you for his comment. That low volatility business is what we like to build most of our insurance group, not abandoning the other segments, because the other segments even though they - in certain market conditions, you can make a lot of month, if the market is very hot, we're right, a lot of the coverage that we are not willing to do today, it's not that business, it's just by prices business. When the price improves, it's a good business.
Marc Grandisson: On travel side, I think I would echo what Dinos just said obviously, but in addition we have a couple of new transactions that we’ve entered into programs and have been very, very nice now going so far. We are also investing and it’s also a very intense technology play and we are always and on the look to build that aspect to the book of business, because to your point it's low volatility, it's also - it derives sticky, a lot stickier than other business could be. So, we are definitely focusing evermore and this I think the reflection of the premium and this is sort of reflection of our efforts in this space and I think you should expect more in the future.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks a lot for your answer guys.
Marc Grandisson: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ryan Byrnes from Janney. Your line is open.
Ryan Byrnes: Thanks for taking my question. Just to add one question, I guess post-UGC deal, does your PML tolerance change at all essentially are you still willing to risk 25% of the total capital or is that just of the property capital. Sorry, property, casualty, capital going forward
Constantine Iordanou: No, no its total capital, it hasn’t change.
Marc Grandisson: No change.
Ryan Byrnes: No change. Great, that’s all I had, thanks.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, thanks. A couple of quick questions here for you. First one, I am just curious there was a big transaction that was announced another MI company, what do you think the possibilities are kind of market share shifts as a result of that could that be a positive for you all?
Constantine Iordanou: I don’t know the - you're talking about a transaction with a Chinese ownership. So, I think that’s an appropriate question to us to the distributors of the product. I mean this is for banks to determine if they want to continue to do business or not, but not for us so I would know, I have no, I have the faintest idea if their reaction will be positive or negative.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Great. And then this is my second question in the news there has been a couple of articles that you guys hired some pretty high profile people in the legacy business, you guys talk to me about your views on the legacy business and opportunities?
Marc Grandisson: I think that we have a sort of one individual that joined us that was obviously publicly discussed. We’re exploring at this point we’re really looking around and try to see whether there’s something to be done there, whether it’s Arch or not I mean we have all the things on the table, we’re exploring what is out there, but certainly we did an LPT last quarter as you remember. We do think that space has an ended self to a level of high interest at this point in time. I think we’re certainly in the place where rates have been going down in certain sectors and some clients may have, may be running out of patience and tolerance for some books of business and certainly we are always, Dinos and I always looking forward to provide services and products to the market place that would help the industry that’s certainly one area. But we’re still working through it and when we have something we’ll obviously let you know, we’ll announce it -.
Marc Grandisson: But listen the theme here is every time you come out of a soft market I know surely we’ll come out of a soft market there was repair work that needs to be done and we want to participate in the repair.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. And then just lastly I know you talked a fair amount about the retro you put on the Australia but I know you guys have great analytics stuff was there anything behind it that you’re going to look at the housing prices in Australia and there was a lot of talk about people think they’re going to really picking out here any concern there?
Constantine Iordanou: No concern with whoever, this is more from an aggregation point of view how much you want to have from an overall MI book of business because there are the reinsurance that they participate on the deal they got pretty good return characteristics, they’re going to make some good money on it. At the end of the day either you’ll add a lot of capital to new balance sheet and you may have maybe a little over commitment to one line of business versus other or you try to keep the balance and this was more balancing from our perspective.
Brian Meredith: Great, thanks Dinos, feel better.
Constantine Iordanou: I'm going to try.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yup it’s almost not the morning anymore so I'll try and be quick. You mentioned that UK pricing down 5% service those, UK lot of specialty markets is that experience leading the market down or is that lagging the market? And do we need to be worried about another sort of step downward on pricing for the market in general, most of your competitors have not been so grim about pricing conditions?
Marc Grandisson: The UK market is extremely competitive and has been for a long time especially the traditional Lloyds placement and international business and open broker, so that’s going on, that’s been going on for a little while so it’s not new Josh, but in terms of leading where it’s going to go unfortunately we, I'm afraid that we’ll have to experience further rate decreases going forward into the lot of competition ahead in the London market and the UK market more broadly. So, but again things may change on some of that happen and they change things overnight. But there certainly is a lot of competition out there, we don’t see anything at being at this point.
Constantine Iordanou: If you don’t measure correctly, you can’t make good pricing arguments going forward and we rather say what we see and you guys make the judgment if others are not willing to talk about it.
Mark Lyons: And Josh, I would add and that’s probably available information. By their own accounts Lloyds has about a 3% on the current underwriting here about a 3% to 4% return expectation return on capacity, so that tells you something about the absolute rate level.
Josh Shanker: If we - 97 to half, how hard is it to keep the team together on the soft market and how do you keep everybody content when you can’t make money in the business?
Marc Grandisson: I think the shifting in our book of business I mean people are working extremely hard to transform or to just gradually over the cycle as we try to do, as we’ve been working on for the last 10 years to shift towards low volume controllable business, it takes a lot of work and lot of efforts. So, I would just say that it’s just a shifting and realigning our expertise and assets for our people towards different lines of business. Things are transportable across lines of business not like an excess D&O, you can only do excess D&O and there’s a lot of stuff that that person can enhance the culture and the understanding as to how recycle management. So, we try and very hard to keep those people, and keep them busy doing other things. It’s only reinsurance and on the reinsurance, across the P&C units.
Josh Shanker: And so there is still lot of deferred comp to have to earn that they would lose if they left, I would imagine.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah, there is a big component of that. But understanding of that, but that’s only that is you know. At the end of the day they know over their career with us. They're going to have good years and they're going to have some not so good years. But overall, if they produce for our shareholders, they're going to make very good money. And for those who have been and we have a pretty stable management, they have done extremely well.
Josh Shanker: Good luck in hard times.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Mark Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Jay Cohen from BankAmerica Merrill Lynch. Your line I open.
Jay Cohen: Let’s be quick, my questions are answered, thanks for the call.
Constantine Iordanou: Thanks, Jay.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: I heard my question was taken, I had to think something else have to. Does [indiscernible] help or no?
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah, I mean it's Greek penicillin, you have lemon soup it's Greek oats in it.
Ian Gutterman: Yes, so I actually want to follow-up on Ryan's question about the PML limits and obviously, you're so far away, it’s not really an issue, but if the market to get better, I guess I am surprise you would say 25% of the whole balance sheet, because that essentially would suggest you are using 25% of PML capital to write cat, if you ever got to that point.
Constantine Iordanou: You're talking about a PMLs in the MI business, or the PMLs on the property cat business.
Ian Gutterman: On the property cat...
Constantine Iordanou: Well, no, the 25% is board allows us to risk. You know assuming we like the pricing and risk relationships, right. The fact that we’re at 7.4% today is an underwriting judgment, the management is making, it’s not a restriction by book. If rates quadrupled tomorrow, I can go to 50% of capital exposure on PML without going back to my board and says, hey that 25 is too low and you've got to change it, and if we change it, we are going to come and tell you, because I think shareholders need to know what kind of exposure you take. You know, don’t forget, and I don’t know what other of my companies do. But we do PML calculations on the MI business also. You know, and it’s a requirement, but our risk committee of the board, you know that every quarter will talk about you know how much is our PML you know, on our MI business, and that’s the reason we have all these discussions about, you know how much reinsurance both you know total share or aggregate excess of loss or transactions like Valemi 1, Valemi 2 [ph] or similar type of transactions which I might do in the future. You know so all of that is around understanding that we have one simple principle that drives our risk management philosophy, that independent of what event happens. We have to not injure the balance sheet to the point that we not in a very strong competitive position the day after.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly, that's what I was trying to get at. I guess when I heard 25% of everything as a limit I guess I thought that that's essentially the P&C capital whatever that would be 35 or 40 or something like that. So, see what I was getting at?
Constantine Iordanou: Not quite. I mean 25% of equity capital it's a limit, it’s a pretty safe limit. You know for adverse conditions. You're talking about in one in a 250 type of events. So, the PML calculations that we do for our MI business, it’s somewhat even worse than the recent financial crisis we have passed. We have gone by all the way to the depression and factor in a lot of available and skimpy available statistical information to come up with some reasonable assumptions as to what how things might look like if we have events of that nature and we still want this company not only to survive but to be in a strong competitive position the day after.
Ian Gutterman: Fair enough. So, the other thing I was going to ask you I think you mentioned some maturity losses is part of the attritional, can you just remind me sort of how you approach that business is it sort of a vanilla construction bonds or is it tend to be some commercial maturity?
Constantine Iordanou: It was a construction bond, it was maturity, one of our contractors messed up and we have to step in and you saw a lot of prices some steady in Connecticut deal.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, got it and is it residential or commercial?
Constantine Iordanou: It’s commercial, commercial.
Ian Gutterman: Okay so….
Constantine Iordanou: It’s building of the baseball stadium.
Mark Lyons: It’s contractor of a commercial -.
Ian Gutterman: Where I was going with it was how do you think about clash with MI, I know there’s not direct clash, but something…
Constantine Iordanou: Surely at MI there is no clash there, because these are all…
Ian Gutterman: These are all back credit - all right?
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. I think - the investment portfolio in that and that’s why we don’t do - our MBS will clash with what we - and we consider that, in part of our mix how we manage the company.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. All right, I think that’s all I had. Thanks.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this now concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, thank you for listening to us and we’re looking forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in today’s conference call. This now concludes the program and you may all now disconnect at this time. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Iordanou - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marc Grandisson - President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Lyons - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Quentin McMillan - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities Amit Kumar - Macquarie Group Jay Cohen - BankAmerica Merrill Lynch Brian Meredith - UBS Ian Gutterman - Balyasny
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Arch Capital Group Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review the periodic reports that are filed by the company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou. Sir, you may begin.
Constantine Iordanou: Thanks, Abigail. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. We had a good quarter on a relative basis, and I might say it was very acceptable quarter also on an absolute basis. In today’s market, we are emphasizing to our troops underwriting discipline, execution, and risk management in order to preserve capital and maintain balance sheet integrity. We continue to believe that our strategies of diversifying revenue streams and actively managing the allocation of capital will allow us to better navigate in this environment, which is challenging for all of us. As reinsurance returns have narrowed and as you can see in our second quarter financial statements, we are fortunate to have our other business segments, the primary property casualty segment and the mortgage segment contribute more meaningfully to our operating results. Our reported combined ratio moved to a bit under 90% for the second quarter, as catastrophe losses are at 4.1 points to our combined ratio. Loss reserve development remained favorable in each of our segments, which in the aggregate have reduced our combined ratio by nearly 9 points. There were no noticeable changes in the property casual operating environment from last quarter. There are some signs that reinsurance terms, especially ceding commissions may have bottomed out. In our insurance segment, we saw a slight deterioration in rates across some sectors, particularly in the excess capacity layers and short tail areas. But grades were generally stable in most of the lines, while the mortgage insurance environment remains very healthy. Marc Grandisson will give you more details on the segments in a few minutes. On an operating basis, we produced an annualized return on equity of 9%, while on a net income basis, we earned an annualized return on equity of 13.2% for the quarter and a 7.9% on a trailing 12 month basis, which is a better measure to see a long-term profitability. Remember that net income movements can be more volatile on a quarterly basis as these earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses in our investment portfolio. Net investment income per share for the quarter was $0.57 per share, flat sequentially from the first quarter of 2016. Despite volatility in the investment and foreign exchange markets in the second quarter of 2016, on a local currency basis, total return on our investment portfolio was a positive 163 basis points. Once we include the effects of foreign exchange, total return was a 127 basis points in the quarter, in dollar terms. Our operating cash flow was $153 million in the second quarter as compared to $232 million in the second quarter of a year ago. Mark Lyons will discuss the cash flow and other financial details in a few minutes. Our book value per common share as of June 30, 2016 was $52.04 per share, a 4.4% increase from the first quarter of 2016. While some segments of our business have become more competitive, we believe that group-wide and on an expected basis, the present value ROE on the business written in the 2016 underwriting year should continue to produce ROEs in the range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Before I turn the call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our P&Ls, which is essentially unchanged from April 1. As usual, I’d like to point out to you that our cat P&Ls aggregates reflect business bound through July 1, while the premium numbers included in our financial statement are through June 30, and that the P&Ls reflect a net of all reinsurance and retrocessions. As of July 1, 2016, our largest 250-year P&L for a single event remains in the northeast at $495 million, or about 8% of common shareholders equity. Our Gulf of Mexico P&L at $434 million and our Florida Broward County P&L increased very slightly to $392 million. I kept my promise to be brief, and I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson to comment on market conditions before Mark Lyons discusses our financial results. Marc?
Marc Grandisson: Thank you Dinos. Good morning to all. The insurance industry returned to an average net hole of cash losses in the second quarter with insured claims estimated in a $13 billion to $15 billion range worldwide. As you know, Arch underwrites globally and we will pay a portion of these losses. However, previous underwriting actions taken in both our insurance and reinsurance segments help minimize Arch’s exposure to these events. You may have heard us discuss cycle management in previous calls, but I feel its worth repeating today that our appetite for assuming risk is directly related to our ability to earn an appropriate margin. In our view, it’s not prudent to grow lines of business, where the expected margins are not adequate relative to the risk assumed. The reinsurance industry continues to face dual headwinds from low investment returns available in the market and underwriting margin compression as rates failed to keep up with loss trends in many lines of business. Our focus remains on deploying capital judiciously and carefully in the B and C space, but we are continuing to redeploy aggressively in our mortgage or MI segments, where returns are very attractive and above our long term goals. We remain bullish on this sector and believe that returns will remain above our hurdle rates for the next several years. Within the U.S. mortgage MI sector, we estimate that our market share of the primary new insurance written or NIW in the U.S. was in a 9% to 10% range in the second quarter, up from 6.4% in Q1, as Arch MI continues to gain traction in the bank channel. The acceptance of RateStar, our risk-based pricing module, is a primary driver of this growth, and we believe it will allow us to earn better risk-adjusted returns. In addition, we continued our market leadership in underwriting new US GSE risk-sharing transactions and continued to see good volume from our Australian primary insurance relationships. Our US MI operation increased its NIW to $6.4 billion during the second quarter of 2016, of which approximately 76% came through the bank channel. Over 80% of our bank channel borrower paid MI commitments by the end of the second quarter were obtained through RateStar. Our current return on expectations across our MI segment is in excess of our long-term ROE target of 15%. Let me turn now to our primary P&C insurance operation in the United States. Overall, we saw rate changes of negative 180 basis points this quarter versus a positive 20 basis points last quarter. We believe that we have mitigated some of that rate of erosion after consideration of our ceded reinsurance coverage. Most of our controlled or low volatility segments had great changes at zero to positive territory, while our cycle managed segments experienced single to double digit rate decreases. As I noted – as we noted, frequently our cycle managed segments are more heavily reinsured. Our UK operation is still pressured from a rate level perspective with an overall rate decrease across all our product lines of 4.6% this quarter. Our cycle management culture is a key factor in our strategy, and we are reacting accordingly to market conditions. Our net written premium was essentially flat, but we continued to realign the portfolio to work the more attractive opportunities in the UK. Globally, our insurance group continues to adjust its mix of business on a gross basis and also on a net basis, as we are able to buy reinsurance on favorable terms. Ceded premiums increased 5% in our insurance group this quarter over the same period last year. Areas of opportunity for growth in the insurance sector in the second quarter are in our construction national accounts, travel and alternative market lines. The vast majority of our growth came as a result of our ability to take advantage of the current dislocation in areas, where major players are challenged. In contrast, our executive assurance excess property and program businesses are areas where rate levels lead us to a more defensive strategy. Turning to our reinsurance group, which continues its strong performance, our teams are increasingly more selective, given conditions in their markets. Underwriting year returns in many of the traditional reinsurance lines are in the low single digits and some are even negative on an expected basis. Adjusting for one large loss portfolio transfer and the impact of the Gulf re-acquisition last year, our reinsurance net premium written declined by 2% for the second quarter of 2016 versus 2015. And with that, I will hand it over to Mark to cover the detailed financial results.
Mark Lyons: Thank you Marc, and good morning, all. As – getting into the financial information, I guess, I will be the most verbose out of the three of us. So as was true on my previous calls, the comments that follow are on a pure Arch basis, which excludes the Other segment that being Watford Re, unless otherwise noted. I will continue to use the term core to denote results without Watford Re and the term consolidated when discussing results, including Watford Re. However, due to an all industries clarification issued recently by the SEC regarding non-GAAP measures, our earnings release now emphasizes GAAP measures as some previous tables and commentary that used to be in the earnings release have been shifted into the financial supplement. So please read them together. Various examples are, on page 7 of the earnings release we now show the reconciliation from net income to after-tax operating income, where previously it was reversed. The point being is that, you start with the GAAP measure and not the non-GAAP measure. We also on page 1 of the earnings release now present consolidated underwriting results that includes Watford Re rather than the core underwriting results that previously had excluded it. Lastly, the schedule showing prior period development and cat losses by segment, along with the schedule displaying the components of net investment income and investment total return are now on pages 21 and 23 of the financial supplement, respectively. So hopefully that provides a little bit of a roadmap. Okay, with that said, the core combined ratio for this quarter was 89.9% with 4.1 points of current year cat-related events, which are net of reinsurance or reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2015 second quarter combined ratio of 87.9%, which reflected only 1.9 points of cat-related events. Losses recorded in the second quarter from 2016 catastrophic events that of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums totaled $36.3 million versus $15.9 in the corresponding quarter last year, primarily emanating from US-Texas hailstorms and floods, Fort McMurray, Canada wildfires and earthquake events in Japan and Ecuador. This was a quarter that experienced a high frequency of cat events, yet the largest of these had less than an $8 million net impact to Arch. This result evidences our continued emphasis on proper line setting and the overall focus towards reducing our cat P&L exposure, given that in our view, current pricing does not adequately compensated for the exposure assumed in many cases. The 2016 second quarter core combined ratio reflected 8.9 points of prior-year net favorable development, net of reinsurance related acquisition expenses compared to the nearly identical 9.2 points of prior period development on the same basis in the second quarter of last year. This results in a core accident – a quarter combined ratio, excluding cats for the capital second quarter of 94.7% compared to 95.2% in the corresponding quarter last year. This quarter the reinsurance segment had two unique transactions that impacted the financial statement in different ways, both related to loss portfolio transfers. The first reflects the commutation of a pre-existing contract that resulted in recognizing $19.1 million of other underwriting income. However, this contract had been accreting approximately $1.5 million of gain a quarter. So the incremental impact is approximately $17.5 million for the quarter. This contract had been receiving deposit accounting treatment since inception since it did not pass risk transfer under GAAP. Since this gain shows up in other underwriting income, it is outside of the combined ratio. The second transaction involves a newly bound loss portfolio transfer with a long-term client, where we had familiarity with the underlying exposures This contract has sufficient risk transfer under GAAP and therefore received insurance accounting treatment. As a result, we booked this contract at approximately a 100% combined ratio and its impact has felt directly in the combined ratio. Furthermore, it covers the cedents net after all reinsurances thereby making this a frequency contract. That said, the reported calendar quarter of reinsurance segment combined ratio of 82.1% would actually be 79.4% without the impact of this new loss portfolio transfer. In addition, it results in a 7.7 point increase in the calendar quarter loss ratio with a five-point benefit to the expense ratio. Therefore totaling a 2.7 point worsening of the calendar quarter combined ratio over what it would have otherwise been. Now, getting back to our results for the quarter, the reinsurance segment 2016 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cat was 98.4%, compared to 94% even in the 2015 second quarter. This quarter’s combined ratio reflected the impact of the loss portfolio transfer we just discussed, that contributed approximately $40 million of net written and net earned premiums, as well as the impact of a large marine attritional loss that had no equivalent in the second quarter of last year. Without the impact of these items, the accident quarter loss ratio was nearly flat over last year’s quarter. In the insurance segment, the 2016 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cat was 96.3%, compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 97.6% a year ago. This 130 basis point decrease was driven by a 100 bps in the loss ratio and 30 bps in the expense ratio with the loss ratio decrease reflecting a lack of the large attritional losses that we experienced during the second quarter of 2015. When one adjusts for this, the non-cat non-large attritional loss ratio was essentially flat quarter-over-quarter. The mortgage segment 2016 accident quarter combined ratio was 66.1% compared to 77.4% in the second quarter of last year. This decrease is predominantly driven by the continued expense ratio improvement in our U.S. primary MI book, due mostly to growth, along with beneficial mix changes towards DSE transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment in lieu of derivative accounting treatment. Regarding prior periods’ reserve development, the insurance segment accounted for roughly 6% of the total net favorable development in the quarter, and this was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from the 2012 through 2014 accident years. With some contributions from longer tailed lines spread primarily across accident years 2003 through 2012 and partially offset by a large energy in casualty claim in the 2015 accident year after our Bermuda insurance operation. The reinsurance segment accounted for approximately 81% of the total net favorable development in the quarter, with approximately 70% of that due to net favorable development on short tailed lines concentrated in the more recent underwriting years and the balance due to net favorable development on longer tailed lines primarily from the 2002 through 2013 underwriting years. The mortgage segment contributed the balance of 13% of the total net favorable development in the quarter, which translated to a near 17 point beneficial impact to the mortgage segment loss ratio, primarily resulting from continued lower than expected claim rates from our U.S. primary mortgage insurance operation and from the quota share treaty covering the 2009 through 2011 book years as part of their original PMI and CMG purchase transaction. As discussed in previous quarters, almost all of this favorable development benefit is offset by the contingent consideration earn-out mechanism negotiated within the purchase agreement. This contingent consideration impact, however, is reflected in realized gains and losses and not within underwriting income. This quarter, the nominal payout cap within the contingent consideration mechanism was reached, which is 150% of the transaction closing book value. Effects will still be felt in future quarters, though, as we continue to accrete to the contractual payment date and the discount rate employed to account for increased certainty decreases over time. The overall core expense ratio improved by 180 basis points, but this was affected by the loss portfolio transfer referenced earlier. Controlling for this transaction, the core expense ratio improved by 20 basis points, driven by the continued improvement in the mortgage segment, expense ratio, and continued marginal improvement in the insurance segment expense ratio. On a written basis, ceding commissions achieved within the insurance segment quota share cessions improved 210 basis points over the second quarter of 2015. As stated last quarter, the growth in alternative markets business reduces this benefit somewhat due to the associated capital cessions. Core cash flow from operations was $153 million, as Dinos mentioned in the quarter versus $231 million in the second quarter of 2015. This reduction was caused primarily by higher losses paid, net of recoveries, and the timing of outflows associated with ceding more premiums this quarter versus a year ago. Core interest expense for the quarter was $12.4 million compared to $12.6 million in the first quarter and $4 million in the prior year’s quarter. The prior year quarter amount included a favorable adjustments for a deposit accounting transaction, which resulted in an $8.4 million reduction in interest expense in that quarter. As mentioned earlier, this deposit contract was commuted during the quarter. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income available to our shareholders for the second quarter of 2016 was an expense of 5.9% compared to an expense of 3.9% in the second quarter of last year. This quarter’s 5.9% effective tax rate includes approximately 20 basis points, or $250,000 related to a true-up of the prior year’s tax provision to the estimated annual effective rate as of June 30. As always, fluctuations in the effective tax rate can result from variability in the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Our total capital was $7.6 billion at the end of this quarter, up 4% relative to March 30 – March 31. Our debt to capital ratio this quarter remains low at 11.7% and debt plus high represent only 16% of our total capital, which continues to give us ongoing financial flexibility. We continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. We did not purchase any shares in this quarter under our authorized share buyback program and a remaining authorization is approximately $446 million as of June 30. With these introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions.
Constantine Iordanou: Abigail, we’re ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Good morning and thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: Hi, Kai.
Kai Pan: Hi. These two loss portfolio transfer – transactions, can you give me more details about it for the one you commuted, what was the reason for that, and for the one you just booked? And so, how do – what attracted to you and deduce the other opportunities – similar opportunities?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, the first one we commuted, we always try to keep very good relationships with our clients. It was a client request, they wanted. And we felt the terms of commutation were attractive to us so we accepted it. The second is, in the normal course of business, we always look for transactions and this was a transaction presented to us. We liked economics, so we did it. Mark, you want to add to it?
Marc Grandisson: I would add on the second one, it was really as a result of being intimately very familiar with the book of business. It’s a client that we have known for many years and years under which the LPT is – the year it’s covering, we actually had underwriting risk alongside with that party as well. That came as a result of a, again, a request by the client to seek and improve their capital ratios, and that’s really a – this is why it’s driven – that’s why it’s driven by.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, it’s a capital relief situation here.
Kai Pan: Do you see more similar opportunities?
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, we see activity in that sector as a matter of fact. But – we don’t make predictions as to, are we going to do any or not, because I haven’t the faintest idea if they are going to happen. The instruction to our guys is, you look at them, you like the economics, we do them, we got the capital. If you don’t like the economics we pass.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, and Kai, it’s always tough – it’s a long runway on those. Hit ratios are low, but we continue to see them and entertain them.
Kai Pan: Okay, that’s good. On the MI side, the Australian reinsurance transaction, is that considered like a one-off, or is it a continual relationship, in fact, could recur?
Marc Grandisson: This is an actual ongoing relationship. It’s a quota share of a primary insurance book of business.
Constantine Iordanou: And it will continue until it gets cancelled.
Kai Pan: Okay.
Marc Grandisson: And it will continue until we gets cancelled.
Constantine Iordanou: Until we both cancel – both parties agreed to, kai.
Kai Pan: Okay. Are there additional like growth opportunity with that client?
Constantine Iordanou: At this point we don’t perceive it. We have a very significant portion of their portfolio and we are sort of happy and very comfortable with that position.
Kai Pan: Okay. Lastly, is on the – your REIT commentary in the insurance sector. It seems like it’s down like decelerates interim pricing decline. Could you give a little more color on the pricing dynamics there? And in this environment, how do you sort of manage your portfolio? It looks like your like core combined ratio actually improved in the insurance segment that you said mostly due to mix change? Will that be enough to keep the margin?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, it’s a complicated question. Let me give you the strata. We don’t give you the granular performance on each one of the sectors for obvious reasons. You listen, but so are competitors, et cetera, so we are not going to tell them everything that we do. But it’s true in our comments that the aggregate rate reduction across the entire renewal group was about 1.8%, that’s a 180 bps. And then, you factor in some loss claims trends. I mean, that’s not a good market to operate. Having said that, we have sectors that were very defensive, because that’s where we are seeing the significant rate of reductions. I mentioned in my remarks property lines, excess both in our P&L, professional and liability lines with the capacity players and at the end, there’s no- it’s fewer supply and demand. There is no differentiation in the product, et cetera, and it’s under pricing pressure. We try to manage those down. And we try to put more emphasis on a small to medium size business that we have more control on the rating and also the quality of the risk, et cetera. Now, I’m going to turn it over to Mark Grandisson, because he runs the insurance group now. He runs all of our operations. And he is more granular in growth with these decisions as he does the reviews with the profit terms, et cetera, to give you a little more flavor.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, the flavor of actually given in the remarks. I did mention specifically the controlled and low volatility business, which is a small to medium size, where we have more intimacy and more influence over what’s happening in the firm in pricing. We are getting flat to single-digit rate increases in many instances. The ones that are more cycle managed, more open market, a lot more competitive, a lot more commoditized, this one had the single-digit 5% to 7% rate decrease. So – and as I mentioned also in my comments, the cycle managed one is the one where we get a little bit more willing and working harder to buy reinsurance to actually mitigate those rate decreases.
Mark Lyons: And I would just add on top, because Marc nailed it is the additional layer that we talked about the ceding commissions. So on the commoditized product lines, you manage your mix through increased reinsurance, and this is the environment you are getting – continuing those overrides that drops the bottom line and really help protect net income.
Kai Pan: This is great. Okay. Thank you so much, guys.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Mark Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb: We’ve heard some other reinsurers and perhaps even some of the brokers say that they view the reinsurance market as bottoming? Would you agree with that?
Constantine Iordanou: In general I do. Marc, do you want to add?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, my comments on this is – I will be careful, because we don’t know again the future. There are certainly signs that reinsurance markets are pushing back on markets like property cap for instance. There is some layer that had to be repriced in the second quarter, because there was some – too much aggressiveness in trying to get the price down. So there is some pushback, it’s still going down, but not to the same level. In addition we have – we also have pushbacks from the market on getting increased ceding commissions. We are successful in getting a couple of points which Mark and Dinos mentioned before. But this is layering around 1% to 2% increase, but there is a lot of push to get more than that, so there’s still a lot of pushback from market at this point in time. What I tell our troops is, again, we are going to react to whatever we see in the marketplace. It could be a bottom. It could be a plateau before more damage is being done. It’s really too early to tell.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes, but you see shortfalls, that’s an indication that there is a pushback. If you can’t fill the placement and you have to go back with filling a shortfall. So there is signs that we are hitting the bottom. Listen, where interest rates are, where investment income is, you better make it on the underwriting. And if you are not making it in on the underwriting, you better pack it in and go and open a Greek diner, you make more money doing that.
Jay Gelb: Okay. The next topic I want to touch on is the mortgage insurance business. And based on our model looks like the underwriting profits from that could double this year compared to 2015, driven by the strong top line growth and improving margins? How big of a business can you envision this being over time?
Constantine Iordanou: First, you’ve two questions. One is you are projecting earnings. I don’t think your comment is actually totally correct. You have to understand that in our MI book, we have US MI, we have the Australian MI, which is more steady. We have GSEs, which is more steady. And then we have some early transactions. We had a couple of reinsurance transactions that did declining, because they are maturing. They are vintage 2012 and the duration is six or seven years, so towards the end of those. So I would say, yes, the contribution of earnings is going to grow, but it’s not going to be exponential the way that you put it. Having said that, the second part of your question is, do we like the sector? And, yes we do, and we are willing to contribute more of our capital, but we don’t want it to be totally the dominant exposure that we have. In the way we think about it, we want to have a balance over time between reinsurance, insurance, and mortgage. Having said that, in different parts of cycles, depending on which segment is the most attractive, the earnings may be coming heavier in one area and lighter in another area. But that’s the beauty of allowing us to navigate and allocate capital into our three businesses. At the end of the day, we will not be a 100% mortgage company. We won’t be a 100% reinsurance company, and we won’t be a 100% P&C company. But the market will determine, which sector is a little bigger or a little smaller for us, because at the end, we are only chasing margins. And if you are chasing earnings, you’ve to go where the earnings are.
Jay Gelb: Of course. On a mortgage insurance front, do you envision it being organic growth that drives this going forward, or is our attention in acquisitions in that space?
Constantine Iordanou: We are interested in everything. I mean, if we like a sector – but our history has been, let’s make sure that we have the right strategies that we can always grow organically and depend on that, because acquisitions, sometimes they happen, sometimes they don’t. And at the end of the day you don’t have – we don’t have a strategy that’s focusing on acquisitions for growth. Our strategy is focusing on, let’s see, if we can build it organically. But we are not excluding anything that – it might be thrown our way and is attractive to us. Marc, do you agree?
Marc Grandisson: I do, yes.
Jay Gelb: Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you so much. One question Mark, just on the reinsurance business or the LPT specifically is, it seems like all of that was earned in the second quarter? Should we assume that there really isn’t a durable impact for the remainder of the year either in terms of top line or losses? And then secondly, should we assume that it renews again in the second quarter next year and we should see that lift in premiums again when that happens? Thanks.
Mark Lyons: Good question. To both of those, I used to view them as unique special events. Not recurrent and really not earnings that was fully – virtually fully earned right away. So, consider it a quarterly outlier.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, so no –not expected to recur again?
Constantine Iordanou: There is no underwriting gain or loss. We booked it out at 100 combined.
Michael Nannizzi: Yes.
Constantine Iordanou: And at the end of the – that’s more an incremental on the flow, that is going to – it’s going to be there. But there’s – for all intensive purpose and for your model, ignore both of them.
Michael Nannizzi: Yes.
Mark Lyons: I mean, Michael, is it possible that a year from today we reevaluate the ultimate as favorable or what have you? Sure. Don’t think of it as a quarter by quarter impact.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Okay, great. Thanks. And then it looks like Watford premiums were down year-over-year? I was just curious, because it looked like cessions in the segments were up? So does that just mean that you’re ceding business to non-Watford entities or how should we think about that?
Mark Lyons: Well, I think, you’ve got – Marc already talked about it. If you’re looking at overall cessions, you have the insurance group continuing to cede a little bit more.
Michael Nannizzi: Yes.
Mark Lyons: I think in totality, it was roughly the same nested gross at an ACGL level. But the mixture between – you still got reinsurance guys are doing some retrocessions, but I think it’s mostly leveraging reinsurance in the – from the insurance sector side.
Marc Grandisson: There’s not much change in the buying as well as on the reinsurance side as well, it’s very consistent.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, okay. Just the net, like the dollar amount of cessions in the businesses was higher whereas the net premiums in your Other segment, which I assume is all Watford were down? So I was just curious if your strategy in terms of how much business you are placing with Watford was changing, or there’s some other distortion in there?
Constantine Iordanou: Let me take you back and then I will turn it over to Marc. At the end of the day, independently we are shipping premium out to third-party reinsurance or to Watford, it’s got to make economic sense. So we are not going to – if I can get it cheaper in the open market, I’m not going to give it to Watford just to maintain volume. I’m going to go and buy it from where is the most attractive place for me. Having said that, I don’t think we have changed anything strategically as to what we would do with what. Our responsibility with Watford is to be the underwriting managers and underwrite business that at the end of the day it’s going to give them flow as close to zero as possible. And when we find those opportunities, we do it and we will give it to them. And even the business produces returns that are acceptable to us, we won’t see it. We will keep it at Arch. So our philosophy and strategy has not changed.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Got it. Thank you. And just lastly, just back to mortgage for just a second, written premiums, both gross and net have increased nicely, guessing a lot of that is the GSE business, I mean, all of the business, but GSE seems to be growing more – earned premium has lagged that growth. So I’m just, I guess, I’m just try to figure out, how – yep.
Marc Grandisson: I can answer some of that.
Constantine Iordanou: Go ahead, Marc.
Marc Grandisson: The premium written – a lot of that – half of the growth actually comes from Australia and it’s a result of being the product single – legal premium upfront. You get all of the premium upfront and the earning pattern is extremely – it drags along. And also in the written premium for the rest of the units, there will be a lag in earnings, because we have to write the business and it takes a long time to write. And we have some singles as well on the Arch US MI. We did write some singles there. Not as much as the other guys in the world, but we did some. So there is definitely going to be a lag between the written by virtue of being single upfront, mostly from the Australian business.
Constantine Iordanou: The way that I think about is that, first, the mortgage business has a six or seven years earning pattern, right. The Australian market, a lot of it is single upfront, but it was still earned over six to seven years. So you have a lag in the earnings and lag on the income that is going to come over time. In the U.S., you see our numbers. We do about 20% to singles, 80% is the month. In the month that is booked and earned on a month by month. The singles that are written up front but they’re earned over six or seven years. So, as long as you monitor those two, it will give you a good ability to put both the earnings stream as it is going to come in and also the net income stream that is delayed. That’s why some people try – like to talk about embedded value in the mortgage sector, which is some of you might have models predicting what’s going to happen in the future.
Mark Lyons: And, Michael, just – I think you’re probably going to go back and you are thinking about how you’re going to protect this stuff on a go forward basis. I just want to clarify both Marc and Dinos talked about Australia being a singles market. I just wanted to make sure that you realize that the contract itself is not a big bullet single. It’s a contract over a whole set of singles that they accept one day after the other – after the other I think. So it is a book of business that has singles and something throughout the turn, not a big bullet single upfront.
Marc Grandisson: We’re getting it every month.
Mark Lyons: It’s not a bulk transaction.
Michael Nannizzi: Yes.
Marc Grandisson: But we’re not getting a little components month-by-month over seven years. We get it all up front.
Michael Nannizzi: Right, I got it. It’s not bulk.
Marc Grandisson: So it is going to be one in one year – the premium is going to be booked in that particular year, but it is going to be booked month-by-month.
Michael Nannizzi: Yes, I understood. Its flow business and not both business, it just happens to be sold.
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, got it. Great, thanks so much.
Marc Grandisson: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Clinton McMillan with KBW. Your line is open.
Quentin McMillan: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks very much. Mark, you had a lot of information in there. Thanks for walking us through everything with a little bit of a more complicated quarter with a couple of those one-off things. But one thing that I wanted to understand just a little better is you mentioned the reserve development in the mortgage that had an offset in the contingent consideration reaching the nominal pay out cap? Can you explain that a little bit better for us sort of how the reserving works there and why you had this big – relatively bigger $11 million reserve development and it sounds like it’s an offset somewhere else in the balance sheet of it is not really a gain? Is that the right way to think about it?
Mark Lyons: Think of that more as an offset in the income statement. You got prior period development, in rough numbers is $10 million or $11 million, I think in totality. So it was $10 million or $11 million on a realized loss, is how it goes through – and then you’ve got the standard prior period development. So it has to be coming from the same sources, kind of like a profit commission sometimes does, with a loss ratio increase that might decrease the profit commission. Similarly here, you got the subject years of what we purchased. So it was continually lower delinquency rates and claim rates associated with those that dictates and indicates the reduction, because on the CMG transaction, we bought – with a provision, there was a stock purchase. So we initially paid 80% of book with an earn-out mechanism. And depending upon the actual performance, which is exactly what this is indicative of, we could pay out more up to 150% of the closing book value. We hit that nominally in our present value, but nominally this quarter, but it is directly related. So I’d say, it continues to have good performance as mostly shown through improved loss reserve development. You get an increase in the contingent consideration.
Constantine Iordanou: And from now, on anything that is positive, it continue, it sticks to our ribs. They have eight other that is done, yes.
Quentin McMillan: Okay, that’s great. It’s very clear and really helpful. Thanks very much. Secondly, on the MI side as well, you mentioned 80% of the 75% of the bank channel – I’m sorry 76% of the bank channel came through RateStar? Obviously that’s having great success for you guys? Can you just talk to us about what you’re seeing the competitors now do in response to RateStar or maybe sort of what you expect the competitive environment to look like because of that?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I don’t know what they’re going to do. And as far as we’re concerned at the end of the day, RateStar is the proper way in our view to price mortgages. There’s no different in the auto sector when you introduce many different variables to price risk appropriately and that’s what we’ve been doing. We’re pretty happy with not only the performance from a production point of view, but also when we go and back test what RateStar gives us versus rate card. So we still have the rate card. Our clients some 20% of our business and 50% of our business in the credit union channel is coming through the rate card. But we test both and what we like a lot about the RateStar is that first and foremost, the auto – variability around the mean is very narrow, and we like that. It gives you stability and more predictable earnings where the rate card has a much bigger variability. And now how competitors – they’re going to respond? I don’t know. I think the best way for them to respond is just – and I don’t want to give my competitors advice is go to a rate space pricing tool and make sure that they are pricing risk appropriately. I mean that’s – that’s the proper response. If they try to just cut rates on the rate card and all that is like somebody in the quicksand and they keep moving their feet.
Marc Grandisson: The one thing I will add to this is the other one that’s a big competitor of ours is the FHA as you guys know, so that one is a government agency. That’s also even a harder for us to even figure what they’re going to do with the prices. I just want to make sure that I put it out there.
Quentin McMillan: So the government is tricky to figure out. That’s unusual.
Marc Grandisson: Exactly.
Quentin McMillan: And if I could sneak just one more in – I’m sorry the valuation of a stock obviously is a high-quality problem to have. It has been up there and above what your three year return threshold would be for buybacks and I’m kind of assuming that’s why buybacks were limited in the quarter? Just assuming that we stay in this sort of heightened evaluation for the stock in the near-term over the long-term, how do you guys sort of expect to deploy capital or what might you do?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I think you’re reaching a conclusion that it might be right or it might not be. It wasn’t as much the valuation of our stock, but it was more where we see opportunities in the marketplace and let’s face it. We’ve seen most of the opportunities in the MI space. So basically, we kept the powder dry for the reason that we can deploy more capital in the MI space and that was the main reason behind it.
Mark Lyons: And as Dinos alluded throughout the – it is the combination of things. We never have a bright line as you know on that. It’s more of guidance. And for most of the quarter, we traded, I’d say, little south of 1.4 to book value. So it’s kind of a little clear than that given the combination of things.
Quentin McMillan: Okay, perfect. Thanks very much guys.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much everyone. I want to look at the favorable development in the mortgage insurance segment? And understand I mean I realize that this is very low loss content business, but only in a short period of time, it almost took all losses out for the quarter? I mean what’s going on there? Is that one-time in nature? Is the business so good that it’s not showing any losses?
Mark Lyons: Josh, it’s been a continual march downward on the delinquency rates. And the associated claim rates as that come out of that. But remember this is really 2011 and prior. So there is vintage seasoning associated with this. So it’s not like the PC and it is really – you have to think of it as more of a report year view of the triangle.
Constantine Iordanou: This is CMG mostly, which is the credit union business. And we bought that company and we bought the reserves and we brought all of the assets and the liabilities that come along with it. We had that pricing mechanism, the adjustment that we talked about. And – but at the end of the day, you’ve got to watch the performance and performance was better than we even expected ourselves. Otherwise in the dumbest guy on two legs because what I negotiated didn’t work for me. It worked for them, because I’m paying a lot more for that company than if I would have taken 100% at book value at that time. In retrospect, if I knew what I know today, I would have negotiated better.
Mark Lyons: You cannot see us nodding here, Josh.
Josh Shanker: So if I look at the mortgage loss reserve, what percentage of it in broad terms is legacy business versus Arch MI business?
Mark Lyons: I don’t have that at my fingertips, but I would say, substantially.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes.
Mark Lyons: The vast majority is old stuff.
Josh Shanker: Okay. So the fact that the enough favorable development to negate your current accident year losses, so if we comparing apples-and-oranges, you have a huge back reserve and a small new go reserve?
Constantine Iordanou: That’s correct.
Marc Grandisson: That’s right.
Mark Lyons: And remember Josh, we kind of alluded to it, I think of the prepared remarks that part of the original transaction was a quarter share on 2009 through 2011, I’ll call it back book. And so that is also experiencing some of the same aspects, so that wasn’t CMT, though that was PMI.
Constantine Iordanou: Right.
Josh Shanker: And do you have any reason to believe that business – that you can detect RateStar underwritten business as a better loss ratio than rate card business?
Constantine Iordanou: We price RateStar and rate card to give us the same ROE. So we have the same target. Now as we’re back testing both, because every month, I ask the guys and we back test – based on the volume that comes in and we underwrite. The only difference between the two – it’s not on expected return of equity. I think both of them are on an expected basis is they’re about the same and we did price both at about 15% ROE. The difference is that RateStar is – the RateStar produced business is very narrow – narrower around – it’s three to four ROE points up and down of the mean, where rate card is much wider. I’ll give you an example, if you had just used credit score is one variable that you’re going to test for. You’re testing the 750s in the rate card versus RateStar. The rate card even though the mean might be 15%. It may be as some business all the way up to 20%, 22%, and some other way to 70% or 80%, RateStar is more like 12% to 13% all the way up to 70% or 80%.
Josh Shanker: Okay. That makes sense. I appreciate the answers. If I’m right maybe I’ll be feeding the microphone to Ian right now. Let’s see what happens.
Constantine Iordanou: You are right on the write-up except you couldn’t predict our one-off transactions, and when you’re ready to predict our one-off transactions, I want you to call me because you and I are going to go to Vegas together.
Josh Shanker: I’ll make sure that I do that. Take care.
Constantine Iordanou: Thanks. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar: Oh, man, this [indiscernible],. Ian – I’ll try to ask some intelligent questions now. This is a big thing for me. So very quickly these are more – most of my questions have been answered, but sort of big picture question. One is sort of tying in the comments in response to other questions. If returns were stable in reinsurance and insurance and if your MI business is growing rapidly, should we expect a slow trend up in the A line ROE, and if that is the case, does your book value grow at a faster clip than the industry all has been kept equal?
Constantine Iordanou: No, because your assumptions, I don’t think you’re totally listening to us correctly. We said that reinsurance is deteriorating, I mean still very good results, don’t get me wrong. But that is under pressure. So we’re losing ground there and we’re losing lesser ground in the insurance side. But in both of those sectors, we’re losing ground. So in essence, from a profitability point of view, they’re not going to have the same ROEs as before. And that the reason I didn’t change the $10 million to $12 million on an underwriting basis is because I’m offsetting what I’m losing on those two sectors by what I’m gaining through mix change on the MI sector and that’s the way that you have to think about it.
Amit Kumar: Yes, that’s a fair comment. I’m sure that Ian is already disappointed in me. The next question that I have is again on MI? With the Barron story coming out on Sunday and there’s been a lot of focus – a lot of – set of new investor feedback as well as some traditional investors? One question, which I was getting and this is sort of interesting, is the traditional P&C investors were asking, if things go south, wouldn’t ours be locked in? Unlike traditional P&C where you can cut back underwritings, pull back on the capital and then wait for the cycle to turn? It seemed that there was some fear on that thought process, where if Arch becomes bigger and bigger in MI, maybe a different class of investors cycle in and the traditional investors cycle out? But would you say to that in terms of if the cycle does turn, how easily can you sort of pullback or pullout or change your strategy?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, let me – it’s a very complicated question, but it’s a very good question because it talks about what you need to do from a risk management point of view from capital allocation, and also what the history has taught us in this particular sector. Let me start by pointing out to you that the performance on the bank channel versus the credit union channel was even – the worst year for the credit union channel through the financial crisis was 152 loss ratio. Nothing to write home about, but not catastrophic, right and what I’m sharing with you is information we have through the PMI transaction, right. On the bank channel, we have an excess of 300, 2X. When we examine that and we’ve done a lot of analysis on it, most of it wasn’t just economic conditions. Yes, economic conditions will have an influence and that’s the event that you have to plan for and make sure that from an aggregation point of view, you’re comfortable with how much risk that you take. It also tells you that if you don’t violate your underwriting guidelines, your performance either in down economic conditions – unemployment going to 15% and prices coming down by 25%, you can withstand all that, as long as you discipline on your underwriting side, because most of the delinquencies they came from fraudulent loans. Loans that there was very little verification the underwriting information was very suspect and on top of it very, very loose underwriting, people writing risk that they shouldn’t be taking that risk. Having said that is no different when you write long tail liability lines in the P&C world. If you’re pricing your workers’ comp at 20% or 30% below independent, if you stop writing tomorrow, you’re going to have that tail that is going to continue hitting regardless loss of elements year-after-year year, because the duration of those liabilities is probably even longer than the duration that you have on the MI space. The key to this business in my view and in all of our underwriters is to maintain discipline in accepting risk. The beauty of it is that even when you stop underwriting, let’s say your pricing is – and with risk-based pricing, maybe the market will reject your pricing and they’re going to find it cheaper from a set of competitors. You continue to have streams of revenue coming from what you underwrote properly in the prior year. And then the only thing that you need to worry about is the broad economic downturn. Increase in unemployment and price reduction in the housing market et cetera, and we test for that and we have cat loads and also that determines as to what size we want MI to be as part of the overall Arch family. So that’s where we are. Marc?
Marc Grandisson: One thing different, I would say with casualty, and I totally agree with the analogy, is that we have a lot of tools that our – at our disposal that we can use to really assess and evaluate the origination at any given time. So we know what’s that we’ve been originated at any one point in time we can assess what the risk is in that portfolio and I would argue that an MI book of business has a lot more changes in a casualty book of business across all lines of business. Much more homogeneous much more stable and lot more predictive in terms of what you bring to the table by virtue of the variable you used to price. So it’s always a factor. Things can change after you’ve underwritten them. But certainly when you underwrite it, you have a very good sense with the quality what you’ve underwritten.
Mark Lyons: Yes, and then I’ll just add one more thing. Your premise is that all PC business can be decisions on an annual basis. As the market softens, you get an increased proportion of multiyear contracts, and this is an industry statement. And this is a differentiator between carriers. It’s a difference between having multi-years with legitimate re-underwriting abilities versus one where you’re locked in. And that’s becoming increasingly common and as that grows in proportion. It’s not as quite of a stark difference as you think.
Amit Kumar: Got it, that is actually very, very helpful. Thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Marc Grandisson: Thanks, Amit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Great, thanks for that last answer. That was actually helpful. And question on mortgage insurance – shocking. When I look at the results for the quarter and I take out the favorable development, and I come to this kind of accident year of losses ratio, first of all, is that a reasonable concept in mortgage insurance?
Mark Lyons: Sorry to interrupt, you halfway through, Jay.
Jay Cohen: That’s helpful.
Mark Lyons: You’ve got to think of it as – it report here closer to a claims made view of business then in the current view. Accident year and claims made business really is report year and this is really the same thing.
Constantine Iordanou: You can reserve as long as you have a delinquency. And that’s – we don’t like the accounting model. We’ve talked about it in other calls. But at the end of the day, I’m not setting up the rules. I just play by the rules.
Jay Cohen: The trend I have seen in this ratio, which has kind of steadily come down. That’s not necessarily is kind of the – stepping to look at going forward?
Constantine Iordanou: Do you mean the delinquency rate or?
Jay Cohen: The loss ratio, excluding whatever you want to call it, the loss ratio that you’re reporting, excluding the prior-year development, which has gone from 30 down to 17, makes it hard for us to forecast that number. Is the more recent year – recent quarter is that a reasonable number to use?
Mark Lyons: It’s really – there is more mixture going on here than you think, Marc and Dinos talked before about the glide path difference on some of the old reinsurance contracts that are now running out. The insurance accounting treatment on a lot of the GSEs have a different loss expectation than does some of the primary U.S., so I hate to say it, but it does come down to a lot of mixture.
Constantine Iordanou: If we were pure primary MI, it would be easier for you because then you will see what the average claim cost is, which doesn’t move very much in the mid $40,000 range. And then you look at the delinquency and that is improving bit by bit, but because we have the Australian business, we have the GSE business and those depends what block it is getting it gets a lot more complicated
Jay Cohen: Got it. A bit of a modeling challenge for us certainly.
Constantine Iordanou: It’s all right. I mean listen, you got to have some challenges.
Marc Grandisson: Jay, a high level to help you – the way we think about the run rate basis, the expenses is about 25% to 30% in a run rate, and then I think about it globally in the industry, a mature book of business and currently the loss ratio is anywhere, you see them report at 20% to 30%. It sort of gives you a range that is kind of hard to – it could be obviously if nothing happens. It could be significant below this, but trying to get a long-term average.
Jay Cohen: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: That’s a way that we think about ultimate, yes.
Marc Grandisson: Looking at the long-term average, exactly.
Jay Cohen: Got it. That’s helpful. The second question was on the contingent consideration? Mark, what was the cap that – what was up with the $159 million you said?
Mark Lyons: No, no, 150% of the stated value at closing.
Jay Cohen: Okay. Got it.
Constantine Iordanou: But it would have been unknown provision. Basically we will continue to be recalculating the book value based on the actual performance of the loan portfolio from the date of closing in prior.
Jay Cohen: So up until now, that basically has – helps your operating earnings and it was offset in the kind of the net income to some extent?
Mark Lyons: Yes, you have net income versus the realized.
Jay Cohen: Right.
Mark Lyons: So it’s operating versus net income.
Jay Cohen: Yes, but going forward it sounds like that offset on the unrealized loss, or realized loss, won’t be there to the same degree anyway. And therefore it’s just to flow through more right to net income?
Mark Lyons: You will as I commented, because the financial statements reflect more of the present value of it. So it increased over time like any interest unwinding.
Jay Cohen: Right.
Mark Lyons: Especially now if we capped out nominally, we’ll accrete towards the payment date. Plus we are required through GAAP accounting to – as it becomes more certain we have to drop the discount rate used in that present value cap. You get both forces causing additional effects in future calendar quarters.
Constantine Iordanou: They’re going to be small, so don’t get too overexcited.
Jay Cohen: No, but that makes sense. And then lastly, just on the political environment, you’re a fairly global company and it seems both parties have some issues with free trade. Are you, one, concerned about this? Two, are you doing anything to prepare for maybe a change from the trade environment?
Constantine Iordanou: Not specifically, because at the end of the day – listen free trade will affect that global GDP and global GDP will affect the revenue for the insurance sector. But having said that, because we are a highly regulated business, a lot of what we do is global, but it’s local from the regulation point of view. You operate and you need local licenses and you participate in the local market, et cetera. So I don’t see significant change in the way the insurance business is done, if there’s barriers that they put up. At the end of the day though, if GDP growth is very low, it will affect our ability to get revenue. It’s been always like that. You can track the growth on the P&C world of insurance and reinsurance with GDP and there’s a very, very good correlation there.
Jay Cohen: Great. As usual, helpful comments. Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Thanks, I will be quick here. Just back on the MI business, just curious does the Australian reinsurance business have better economics than the US MI business? As that kind of comes in is that contributing to maybe the improved loss ratios and stuff we’re seeing? And then as an addendum to that, any other opportunities that you are seeing in the Australian markets?
Marc Grandisson: So on the Australian market, right now the Australian transaction that we have is really like an insurance, a flow business that we’ve done with that partner of ours down under. That has not gotten a lot of earned premiums, so I wouldn’t describe a lot of pickup from that sector really. We’ve done in the past some reinsurance transactions that we – to go back to your point about the second question about opportunities, there were opportunities in the past, that’s also what got us to really focus more intently on Australia. We had quota share reinsurance transactions with a couple of players down there. But those – but since we have struck this significance, we believe relationship with that bank, we don’t need – we don’t feel like we have the need to do anything more in the segment.
Brian Meredith: Gotcha. So your tapped out in Australia and you wouldn’t do anything else?
Constantine Iordanou: For now the answer is we’re comfortable where we are right now.
Brian Meredith: Great. That’s helpful. And I’m just curious on the LPT transaction, just try to understand it, what kind of interest rate or return assumptions are you using when you’re doing a transaction like that to get the returns that you need?
Constantine Iordanou: Right now our units are doing pricing the – transactions or portfolios using a treasury free rate, by and large. That’s what we’re using, that’s how they compensate on when they calculate the ROEs.
Brian Meredith: So if you are doing 100 combined ratio, it means there is it virtually zero capital assigned to it? Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: No, capital no, there is no return. No return. The capital is allocated based – no underwriting return, right. The duration of liabilities of, let’s say, five years, there will be – take that five-year and that’s 1% or 5% pickup on the flow. Now when you look at the contract that we assigned capital to it and got to see what’s the upside, downside, and how much capital it goes, and you make those calculations. Don’t forget, some of these transactions, they have a limited risk transfer. Some of them have more risk transfer and that’s when we got to go through a test if this is going to be a deposit accounting or a reinsurance accounting. This one has enough risk transfer. But we are happy with it because of our familiarity of the book of business and our participation on the book of business as the quota share participant in prior years. Having said that, don’t misconstrue 100 combined that that might be the expected value of the contract over time. At the end of the day, you’re reserve conservatively, and if you are wrong, nobody is taking the money out of your pocket, you – the sale that we get it eventually.
Brian Meredith: Gotcha. And then last question, is there any update on your ability to kind of take advantage of opportunities from AIG and some of the other companies that have been doing reunderwriting? I know we have talked about that in the past?
Constantine Iordanou: We don’t target specifically any company. I mean, there is reunderwriting being done by many companies, including AIG and others. All I have to say is that, we’ve seen some increased opportunities in sectors that we believe we have good underwriting expertise. And we’re getting into the batter’s box so to speak. We haven’t been hitting a lot of doubles, triples, or home runs, maybe a single here and there, which tells you that the market hasn’t come up to our liking yet. But we have increased – the opportunities that we see have increased noticeable.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is open.
Constantine Iordanou: It’s not Keftedes, is likely on the lunch menu today.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny: My first question was going to be about great diners, but given the call is getting long, I thought I hold off.
Constantine Iordanou: Are you ready to invest with me as I’m getting closer to retirement, I got to think of things to do. So are you ready?
Ian Gutterman: Exactly. I would be open to a kind an offer, call my attorney. So I won’t ask about anything about MI, I want to stick to the other two legs of the stool. And probably a lot of these are number questions, this late. In insurance you talked about in the release of some of the adverse development from an energy casualty claim? Any color on that?
Mark Lyons: Yes. It’s Sempra Energy. It’s out of our Bermuda operation, where when you have a claim down there given the towers and the attachments and where we play, they are Wall Street Journal front page events. This was a gas leak explosion. The estimate is $660 million industry loss. We are on two layers, the lowest of which is excess of $265 million, and then we are on the – a piece of another layer above it. So we fully reserved it on a net basis, so it can’t move any more than where it is.
Ian Gutterman: Yes, got it.
Constantine Iordanou: But it was a big loss for us. It’s a man-made disaster cat, we’ll call it that.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly.
Constantine Iordanou: That’s I think you saw cat losses in the insurance group.
Mark Lyons: That’s what the Bermuda insurance market is. That’s exactly the kind of complex risk it attracts.
Constantine Iordanou: Right.
Ian Gutterman: The next thing I was going to ask you is, did you – I thought this was an adverse development, it was a cat as well?
Mark Lyons: No, it’s not a cat.
Constantine Iordanou: It’s not in the accumulation of natural catastrophe was 60, but it was on the adverse of element.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, that’s what I thought.
Mark Lyons,: It would be a 14-year, 15-year.
Constantine Iordanou: And it just takes a while until those things are known, especially attachment points like that.
Ian Gutterman: Sure. So my question on the cats and the insurance segment, I guess that was higher than I thought, and I just look back, I think the first time in a long time that cats and insurance having greater than reinsurance. I guess, I was just curious if there was anything unusual that caused that?
Constantine Iordanou: Nothing unusual. But – listen on the insurance side, you get on two buildings and you’ve $5 million or $10 million and then all of a sudden you kind of have $15 million. And we got an operation up in Canada. So I don’t know exactly the specific accounts, but it wasn’t a significant number of claims. It was a few claims. And don’t forget, we do not like personal lines. So for us to get hit, we got to hit on apartment buildings or a school, or something of that sort, and it’s very easy to get quote with $5 million on a couple of them. And all of a sudden, we’re not reporting tens of millions of dollars. I mean, at the end of the day, yes, you are slightly higher than reinsurance. But it was nothing unusual for us.
Marc Grandisson: Those losses, Ian, we had in the second quarter were mostly insurance losses. So it was heavily – some of the reinsurance in Canada, but a lot of it outside was insurance more than reinsurance. And I will echo with what Dinos said. Having a small loss of cat load of about $10 million in insurance group is not having a variability of about $10 million is not a big deal for us.
Ian Gutterman: Understood. I was just curious to know.
Marc Grandisson: …within the variability.
Constantine Iordanou: It can happen. If you are in the wrong hospital or in the wrong apartment building and the wrong and you put $10 million up, you’re going to get hit. You get hit.
Ian Gutterman: Yes. And just to relate to that just overall for the combined insurance and reinsurance business, just looking at the cats for the quarter was that basically line with the cat load you talked about, I think even a hair below.? A lot of the calls people are talking about this being an active cat quarter making it seem like this is much above average. Is that your view that this was an above the average quarter and you came in average or just an average quarter and people are kind of talking about making, seem like a bigger issue than it really was?
Constantine Iordanou: When you have a $13 billion to $15 billion worldwide, I would say slightly above average.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: I don’t – if you are up $10 million and you say $40 billion annual cat load worldwide as maybe the expected number. But I haven’t spent a lot of time. Maybe Marc, you have. I know there is a lot of statistics and we look at that. But I would characterize it as slightly above average. But not – this is not something that is not going to happen again.
Marc Grandisson: It’s definitely is slightly, Ian, above average in the U.S. with the PCS numbers, they are not totally outside. The one thing that I would tell you in Canada is really, really outside of the norm. That’s really what [Multiple Speakers] most of our guys and it’s not really reflected in the cat load of anything that people right in general around the world.
Mark Lyons: Ian, I would offer that the perspective varies depending on whether your results were three times your cat load versus inside your cat load.
Ian Gutterman: That’s kind of what I was getting at a little bit, okay. So my last one is just, Mark, if you could help me on the LPT math, I just want to make sure I’m doing this right? The 2.7% that you talked about was on the overall combined? But on the accident year, because the accident year is higher than the calendar year, the accident year was getting maybe 30 bps or so, so it was not that much of an impact, is that right?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I would say, we did it on a calendar year basis.
Ian Gutterman: But your accident year was a 98 something, so 100 verses a 98 doesn’t really change it too much?
Marc Grandisson: Yes, that’s correct. [Multiple speakers]
Ian Gutterman: Okay. So the question is, so when I get into the accident year, when I pull it out was still pretty close to a 98 may be a high 97s, that was up about three or four points, or even running, kind of curious what happened there, I know you mentioned some large losses, but was it just that or…?
Mark Lyons: No, I mean, when you take – yes, when you take there was a – we had a marine loss with a vessel that – it does Jubilee loss. So, we take that large attritional. That was pushing 300 bps I believe. So and there is a couple of other noise, but that really accounts for it.
Ian Gutterman: Make sense, perfect. All right enjoy the cat events, talk to you next quarter.
Constantine Iordanou: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Mark Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: I’m showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call – conference back over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you all. Enjoy your lunch and we will talk to next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou - Chairman and CEO Marc Grandisson - President and COO Mark Lyons - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee Amit Kumar - Macquarie Jay Gelb - Barclays Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Meyer Shields - KBW Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Arch Capital Group First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review the periodic reports that are filed by the company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures of the financial performance, the reconciliation to GAAP and the definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou, Mr. Marc Grandisson and Mr. Mark Lyons. Mr. Iordanou, you may begin.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you, Abigail. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for our first quarter earnings call. We are staring the year on a good note, our first quarter, it was terrific from virtually all perspectives. Our reported combined ratio was excellent at 87.1, which was aided by low level of catastrophe losses and continued favorable loss reserve development in each of our segments. Investment returns were also very good as our fixed income portfolio benefited from the interest rate declines we saw in the first quarter. There are no significant changes in the property, casualty operating environment from last quarter, although there are some signs that reinsurance terms, especially ceding commissions maybe bottoming out. Within the insurance sector, we saw slight deterioration in terms and conditions while the mortgage insurance in this remains quite healthy. We are in a market where the importance of cycle management, not only in preserving capital, but also maintaining balance sheet integrity is paramount. Navigating through this phase of the cycle requires that our underwriters remain disciplined, opportunistic and laser-focused in execution. Within the reinsurance segment, we are focusing more on special situations that utilize our underwriting expertise and capital strength and our ability to respond quickly. In our insurance segment, we continue to focus less volatile, smaller accounts, both in term of limits, but also account size and with reinsurance purchases helping us to reduce the volatility on large accounts and on high capacity business. The operating environment in the mortgage insurance space remains healthy and we are generating excellent returns and continue to make significant progress in this segment. Marc Grandisson will give you more details in all of our segment in a few minutes. On an operating basis, Arch earned $145.7 million or $1.17 per share for the first quarter of 2016, which produced an annualized return on equity of 9.7%. On a net income basis, we earned $149 million or a $1.20 per share for the 2016 quarter, which results in a return of equity of 6.4% on a trailing 12-month basis. Remember that net income movements can be more volatile on a quarterly basis as these earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses in our investment portfolio. Group wide, our gross written premium increased by 6% to $1.39 billion in the first quarter over the same period in 2015, while net written premium rose 3.7% to $977 million driven primarily by growth in our mortgage segment along with modest growth in our construction and alternative market business within the insurance segment. Our investment results were excellent on a relative basis and acceptable on an absolute basis given financial market conditions. Net investment income per share for the quarter was $0.57 per share, up $0.04 sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2015. Despite volatility in the investment and foreign exchange markets in the first quarter of 2016, on a local currency basis, total return on our investment portfolio was a positive 1.48% as returns on our fixed income investments were partially offset by declines in our alternative investment portfolio. Including the effects of foreign exchange the total return was 1.82 in the quarter, a healthy result. Our operating cash flow as $257 million in the first quarter as compared to $16 million in the first quarter of 2015. Mark Lyons will discuss the cash flows in more detail in a few minutes. Our book value per common share at March 31, 2016 was $49.87 per share, a 40% increase sequentially from the fourth quarter of 2015. While some segments of our business have become more competitive, we believe that group wide on an expected basis, due to our mix the present value ROE on the business written in the 2016 underwriting year should produce ROEs in the range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Before I turn the call over to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs, which remain essentially unchanged from January 1. As usual, I would like to remind and point to everybody that our cat PML aggregates reflect business balance through April 1, while the premium numbers included in our financial statements are through March 31 and that the PMLs are reflected net of reinsurance and all retrocessions. As of April 1, 2016, our largest 250 year PML for a single event remains the Northeast at $494 million or about 8% of common shareholders equity. Our Gulf of Mexico PML decreased slightly to $438 million and our Florida Tri-County PML increased slightly to $385 million. I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson for comments on market conditions, before Mark Lyons discuss our financial results. And after their comments, we will take your questions. With that, Marc?
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos. Good morning to all. We continue to face challenges of softer pricing as the property and casualty industry continues to report favorable prior-year loss development and benefiting from below average cat losses, which obscure as we believe the adequacy of risk adjusted rates in the property market. However, in every market, there are some dislocations present and we remain vigilant in our efforts to seize those opportunities that become available. On the positive side, as Dinos mentioned, recent actions by a large participants in the marketplace may help to usher in a more disciplined environment in the casualty area in the near future. P&C rates are declining in a mid-to-low single-digit range, but there are pockets of rates strengthening. Our challenge is to be confident that current rate levels are sufficient on an absolute basis. On the other hand in mortgage insurance, which I will refer to as MI from hereon, rates remain very healthy despite indications that they appear to be declining in light of the new rate cards filed by some of our competitors. Despite the headlines, we believe that on a risk-adjusted basis, the aggregate effective grade levels of MI providers are actually higher due to a shift in the quality of the risks assumed. Staying with our MI segment, which as you may recall, includes primary operations in the US and mortgage reinsurance globally as well as GSE risk sharing transactions portfolio. We estimate that the market’s MI new insurance written or NIW was down about 10% in the first quarter of 2016 versus the fourth quarter of 2015. In spite of this Arch continues to increase its presence in the sector. Overall, our Arch MI segment grew its gross written premium this quarter by 21% over the fourth quarter of 2015 and 84% over the same quarter last year. The growth came primarily from new GSE risk sharing transactions as well as from reinsurance contract with one of the major Australian lenders that we discussed last quarter. Our US MI unit continues to increase the share of the market. Excluding the GSE transactions, we estimate that we continue to gain market share at a pace of approximately 2 percentage points per year since our acquisition of the US MI platform. At March 31, 2016, our total MI segment risk in force was $12.8 billion, which includes $7.2 billion from our US MI operation, $4 billion from worldwide reinsurance operations and approximately $1.6 billion from the GSE risk sharing transactions we wrote. Our primary US MI operation increased its NIW $2.9 billion during the first quarter of 2016, of which approximately 69% came through the bank channel and 31% via our credit union clients. Seasonally, the first quarter 2016 for credit union production typically runs lower than the other three calendar quarters. The amount of NIW from credit union this quarter is consistent with what we have recorded in the first quarter of 2015. Our bank channel business continues to pick up steam and is becoming a larger contributor to our production and RateStar is the primary driver of this growth. We introduced RateStar less than five months ago and to-date, we have rate filings approved in all, but three states. Through March 31, 2016, 1,142 customers have elected to use RateStar. Over 50% of our commitment in the first quarter were obtained through RateStar. We have seen many positive signs since its launch. The increase in our application volume is very encouraging and points to our clients seeing value in our differentiated pricing framework. RateStar is proving to be an effective tool in differentiating Arch relative to its competition while maintaining or exceeding our targeted average return of 15% ROE. We believe that our combination of high ratings, superior customer service and product innovation will allow us to continue growing. I will turn now to our Primary P&C insurance operations in United States, which current represents approximately 80% of our global insurance operation. We saw a more stable rate level change at 10 basis points effective rate increase this quarter versus 140 basis points decrease last quarter, excluding the effective ceded reinsurance. However, that 10 bps increase is somewhat misleading since it is queued by one large professional liability program that renewed at a plus 7% rate increase in the quarter. Without the benefit of this program, our overall rate change would be a rate decrease of 80 bps. We believe that we were able to recapture some of that rate erosion, once we considered the purchase of our reinsurance coverages. Our insurance operations in the UK, which represents around 17% of the insurance segment is still pressured from a rate perspective. Rate decreases across all our product lines were 4.6% this quarter. We continue to actively manage this portfolio towards the more attractively priced lines. On a Group wide basis, our insurance unit premium written increased 4% in the 2016 first quarter versus 2015 on a gross basis, while they increased 1% from a net basis. We continue to adjust our mix of business and are generally able to buy reinsurance on more favorable terms. Ceded premium increased 11% in our insurance group this quarter over the same period last year. Mark Lyons will provide more perspective on this in his commentary. Areas of opportunity for growth in the insurance sector, in the first quarter were in our - as Dinos mentioned, construction, national accounts, travel and alternative market lines. The vast majority of our growth came as a result of our ability to take advantage of the current dislocation in those areas where some major players are being challenged. In contrast, our executive assurance property and programs businesses are areas where rate levels lead us to a more defensive strategy. Finally, let’s turn to our reinsurance group. Our teams are being reactive and selective consistent with our long-stated strategy of cycle management. Most lines of business, especially the ones with good results continue to see rate decreases in a 5% to 10% range. There are however several lines that are experiencing some level of rate increases. A recurring question our team faces when looking at such areas is whether that positive rates change is enough to allow us to achieve an adequate return. As an example of this, we continue to struggle with large US casualty placements. There is increased demand by buyers in the market for quota shares, but we have been unable to write a significant new transaction at an appropriate return. Our reinsurance gross premium written declined by 1% for the first quarter of 2016 versus 2015, while on a net basis we were down 8%. Our property cat gross written premium for 2016 first quarter was down over 10% as we continue to exercise underwriting discipline and benefit from improved terms on retrocessional treaties. Most of our efforts in underwriting areas are currently directed to UK motor, specialty liability products and niche areas such as professional lines, excess motor and cycle data. With that I will hand this over to Mark to cover the detailed financial results. Mark?
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Marc and good morning to all. As was true on previous calls, my comments to follow will be on a pure Arch basis, which excludes the other segment that being Watford Re, and I will continue to use the term core to denote results without Watford Re and consolidated when referring to results including Watford Re. This quarter our core business mix based on net written premium changed as follows, are relative to the first quarter of 2015. The insurance segment reduced from 58% to 56% of the total. The reinsurance segment shrunk from 37% to 33% and the mortgage segment grew from 5% to 11% of the total. This shift in mix continues to reflect our view of the market and the relative return expectation each segment provides. As far a longer term view of our mix changes, I would point out that four years ago, in the first quarter of 2012, within the reinsurance segment, the property cat line represented 26% at net earned premiums, whereas this quarter it is down to only 6.9% of earned premiums and this was accomplished through 71% reduction in net earned premiums over the four-year period. Yes, 71%. The insurance segment similarly reduced its property of marine net earned premiums by 38% over that same time period. Both actions reflect our view of sever margin compression in the property cat space. Okay. Moving on to this quarter’s financial results, the core combined ratio for the quarter was 87.1%, with 0.5 point of current accident year cat-related events compared to last quarter in 2015 of 87.5% combined ratio, which reflected 0.6 point cat-related events. Losses recorded in the first quarter in 2016 from cat events totaled only $4.2 million, stemming mostly from within our reinsurance operation. The 2016 first quarter core combined ratio reflects 6.4 points of prior-year net favorable development, which is net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 7.8 points of prior period’s favorable development on the same basis in the 2015 first quarter. This results in a 93% even current core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for the first quarter of 2016 compared to 94.7% in the comparable quarter last year. In the insurance segment, the 2016 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats was 95% even, essentially unchanged from the accident quarter combined ratio of 95.1% a year ago. The reinsurance segment 2016 accident quarter, ex-cats was 94.3%, similarly comparable to the 94% even ratio in the 2015 first quarter. Moving over to mortgage, there accident quarter combined ratio was 71.9% in the quarter compared to 94.1% in the first quarter of last year. As I have said in the prior calls, it’s important to remember though, that the concept of accident year is more of a P&C concept and not a mortgage insurance concept due to their accounting conventions. Now, as previously stated, the ACGL core accident quarter combined ratio dropped 170 basis points quarter-over-quarter, yet insurance and reinsurance segment ratios were virtually flat with last year’s respective quarter. This is driven by the mortgage segment as its inherent strong level of profitability is becoming a higher proportion - proportional contributor to our overall results. The insurance segment accounted for roughly 11% of the total net favorable development in the quarter, net of associated acquisition expenses and this was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from the 2012 to 2014 accident years and longer tailed lines from the 2003, 2004, 2008 and 2012 accident years. The reinsurance segment accounted for 84% of the total net favorable development in the quarter, with approximately three quarters of that due to net favorable development on short tailed lines concentrated in the more recent underwriting years. And our remaining portion due to net favorable development on longer tailed lines, primarily from the 2003 through 2011 underwriting years. The mortgage segment accounted for approximately 5% of the favorable development, which translates to 4.4% beneficial impact on the loss ratio this quarter, resulting primarily from continued lower claim rates from the CMG business we acquired in 2014 and from the PMI quote share we assumed within that transaction covering the 2009 to 2011 book years. As was the case last quarter, some of this favorable development benefit is offset by the contingent consideration earnout mechanism negotiated within the purchase agreement. And as a reminder this contingent consideration impact is reflected in realized gains and losses and not been underwriting income. The core 34% even expense ratio for the first quarter of this year was 50 basis point lower than last year comparative quarter of 34.5%. Overall, the expense ratio though was aided this quarter by roughly 75 basis points to the release of an overestimated year-end 2015 bonus accrual. The insurance segment expense ratio improved 90 basis points for the first quarter of 2016 reflecting both a lower net acquisition and operating expense ratio. When one adjusts however for the aforementioned bonus accrual benefit, the expense ratio would be nearly 50 bps higher, however still an improvement over last year's comparative quarter. We as managers continue to focus on the total expense ratios though as mentioned previously since the sliding of costs and benefits within that acquisition and operating expense ratios can be somewhat artificial and ceding commissions are recorded in the net acquisition line and not allocated to every operating expense category that they represent. The reinsurance segment expense ratio increased 120 basis points this quarter primarily reflecting a 6.6% lower net earned premium base. I will note though that the reinsurance segment’s expense ratio this quarter was 100 basis points lower than sequentially in the fourth quarter of 2015. The ratio of net premiums to gross premiums for our core operations in the quarter was 70.2% which is a decline from 71.8% a year ago. The insurance segment had a lower 68.8% ratio compared to 70.7% a year ago driven mostly as was the case last quarter by increased sessions on a larger alternative markets book, increased session on capacity driven product lines as Dinos mentioned and a reduction in our CNC program business which had been kept overwhelmingly net and still is kept overwhelmingly net. The associated average fee commission ratio on quota share treaties improved another 200 basis points in the US. In fact quota share treaty decommissions have improved from 2012 to now by over 500 basis points in total and the improvement ranges from the plus 600 to plus 1000 basis points for some product lines. Someone was this net acquisition improvement however is masked by the growth of businesses using captive reinsurance arrangements. Many of these carry no or marginal front-end commissions. So the associated ceding commissions are lower since they are generally no front-end commissions to be reimbursed. Moving to the reinsurance segment, the net to gross ratio was 66.6% in the quarter compared to approximately 72% a year ago, primarily reflecting sessions to Watford Re another third-party record session. The mortgage segment in addition to premium growth as Marc mentioned earlier had approximately 4 million of other underwriting income in the quarter from risk sharing transactions receiving derivative accounting treatment and $7 million of underwriting profits associated with risk sharing transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment. Over time as expected that more income will continue to emanate from transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment. The total return on our investment portfolio on a local currency basis was a reported positive 148 bps in the quarter reflecting positive returns in fixed income investments both investment and non-investment grade, partially offset by negative returns from the equity and alternative investment portfolios. On US dollar basis, total return was a positive 182 bps in the quarter. Over 80% of the portfolio is comprised of fixed income investments; the embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.07% as of the end of the quarter and duration remained fairly consistent at 3.56 years versus 3.35 years at the end of 2015 first quarter. Dinos already mentioned reported investment income per share, so I won't go into that, other than as a reminder that we evaluate investment performance on a total return basis and not nearly by the geography of net investment income. Core cash flow from operations was $257 million in the quarter versus approximately $16 million in the first quarter of 2015. Last quarter as you may recall had cash flow operations being affected by a reduction in gross premiums collected, timing shifts of reinsurance premiums sessions, and paid and deductible recoveries. Core interest expense for the quarter was $12.6 million which is consistent with our longer term run rate. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income available to our shareholders for the first quarter was an expense of 6.6% compared to an expense of 3.9% in the first quarter of 2015. This quarter’s 6.6% effective tax rate has approximately 100 basis points of a non-recurrent discrete item out of our European operation. Fluctuations in the effective tax rate can result from variability in the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Our total capital was $7.3 billion at the end of this quarter, up 2.9% relative to December 31 of 2015. Our debt to capital ratio this quarter remains low at 12.2% and debt plus hybrid represents only 16.7% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. We also continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted positions. Book value per share was $49.87 which is 4% increase over year-end and 4.3% relative to one-year ago. This change in book value per share primarily reflects the Company's continued strong underwriting performance from all segments and improved investment returns. With these introductory comments we are now pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vinay Misquith with Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Vinay Misquith: Congratulations on beating numbers, one of the few companies to do so. The first question is on the new opportunities because of market dislocation. If you could discuss that that would be helpful? Thanks.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, Mark talked about some unusual transactions that we see on the return side, doesn't mean we’re going to do any but we see more request so that means there is clients out there that they have special needs. From the insurance side, we continue to focus on small medium sized accounts I believe we have built the infrastructure around the country, we recently in our binding authority business we also opened another new office in Scottsdale, Arizona. So we're putting a lot of focus in trying to find this profitable segment for us. But let me reemphasize, we always look for bottom line results first and we look at premium growth second. At the end of the day, you can't focus just on premium growth, of course that's not the case with our mortgage business that business we like a lot and we try to grow it as fast as we can. So Marc, you want to add to it or -?
Marc Grandisson: Yeah, absolutely. On the insurance side I believe that we've seen an increase in submissions over the last quarter or so because some of our competitors have decided to exit the lines of business, there have been some mergers and acquisition. So we are seeing some movement, it is not widespread but it is certainly starting to occur and we are seizing the opportunity whenever we can and whenever we think it’s appropriate.
Dinos Iordanou: One area we are not participating and I want to - it seems that the flavor of the month now - the year is broker line slips here and there so they can have control over the pan et cetera. That doesn't fit well with us, we have not participated in any of these. Because at the end of the day you can't have the title underwriter and give it to somebody else, neither you're going to underwrite or you're not and with our troops, I want us to have the ability to underwrite ourselves.
Vinay Misquith: The second question on mortgage insurance, if you could give us a metrics about how well RateStar is doing, I think it's at 50% of the submission were coming through RateStar. But do you think it's actually driving more submissions to Arch because of that and any anecdotal evidence would be great?
Dinos Iordanou: If you look at it from a submission point of view, let me give you - our first quarter it was 50-50, if I look at April is up to 68-32. So it's been trending like this, so RateStar is only been out there for five months. So I don't know where it’s going to go but it's more significant when I look at our submission activity from the bank channel. The bank channel is predominately RateStar now maybe eight of ten submissions in April that was coming from that. On the credit union channels, it’s still in the 50-50 range. So that's where the trajectory is going. They NIW, it was 44%, 45% I think in the first quarter out of RateStar price business but it was - in April it was 61%. So, that tells you that it's more and more of that business is moving to the place that we wanted to move because we have a lot of faith in the way we price the business. Marc?
Marc Grandisson: Vinay, potentially there is a huge increase in submission; we believe it's in the order of 50%, 60%. If you look last quarter of ‘15 versus this first quarter. And the vast majority of the pick-up was through the bank channel, so just to give you an overall sense in the quarter.
Vinay Misquith: Want to clarify about rates, I mean I think you mentioned that the risk adjusted rates are actually higher now for this rather than lower?
Dinos Iordanou: We expect that ROE on the business is higher than our rate cost.
Vinay Misquith: And even from a competitive standpoint you've not seen the competitors sort of step in and do something similar?
Dinos Iordanou: Right now the rate card had seems to have stabilized, there are rumors, the only thing we can comment to you Vinay is our rumors that some people will be expanding their rate card or doing the risk-based pricing approach that we have but we have no way of knowing what's going to happen right now. But right now it seems that the rate card has been stabilized where it is right now.
Marc Grandisson: Our future Vinay is going to be RateStar, we like this respace approach to it, looking at many characteristics of a particular mortgage and trying to get the right price to have and we continue to refine our approach with that. I have a lot of resources committed to that effort, which is no different then what we do on the PMC side to begin with.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Two quick questions on MI and thanks for being patient with us and explaining the finer nuances of the MI market. The first question probably ties back to the next question on the broader space. Recently the National Association of Realtors wrote a letter to FHA asking them to cut their premiums. If FHA cuts their premiums does that change the entire sort of the private MI market or is that a different kind of, it's obviously a different risk so it does not impact you that much?
Dinos Iordanou: It depends on what sectors, you’re correct, a lot of what they like is the private MI companies do not. They like the low credit score high LTV type of business. So depending what they do, it might or might not affect the broader market. It’s tough when you have the government competing with you but entirely totally different capital requirements. None of us, none of us or our competitors in the space would be allowed to operate with the capital ratios that they have. I don't know, it depends what they do and then we’ll see the effect that it will have on the marketplace. And by the way thank you for the compliment of being patient, my guys here they say otherwise.
Amit Kumar: The other question I have was in regards to the excess capital that you mentioned. There has been chatter in the marketplace obviously regarding the disposition of a large MI asset, one of the largest companies. At this stage of the cycle, Dinos how do you look at growing organically and I'm talking about the MI pace versus looking at this obviously very large and game changing property out there?
Dinos Iordanou: All I can say is we look at all avenues, right now our focus is being to grow organically, but given other opportunities we will evaluate them. If they get presented to us, we’ll evaluate them. At the end of the day, we get paid to put capital to work at an effective returns and that's where our entire team is focused on and it's no secret that we do want to grow the exposure we have in the MI business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Gelb with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jay Gelb: On the core reinsurance segment, I was somewhat surprised to see the gross written premiums were essentially flat. You mentioned some specialty opportunities, I was hoping to get a better perspective on whether you think that overall business might be flat from a premium volume perspective or maybe even grow this year?
Marc Grandisson: I don't know but the rest of the year it depends where we are going to be offered with. But the first quarter certainly seized opportunity in the few larger transactions that Dinos alluded to at the beginning. And also a couple of opportunities which I highlighted in my comments which are the UK Motor and some specialty liability although not being very big but it is more niche, more specialty in nature. But we would just say it’s a reflection of and UK Motor for instance, if you have a large quota share, you will have a lot more throughput in the quarter. So that's a great examples what premium would actually be stable year-on-year.
Jay Gelb: The other point I wanted to touch based on in reinsurance is the high level of persistent reserve releases. Can you give us some perspective on what continues to drive that favorable result?
Dinos Iordanou: Let me give it an attempt and then I'll give it, I’m being surrounded by actuaries here. Marc and Mark they are both actuaries but we have a methodology, we haven’t changed our methodology for the 14 years. To simplify, we try to pack the accident year based on what we believe we price the business at. And then the other thing we do is on longtail lines if we see unfavorable we recognize that early on, any unusual event where we ignore favorable at least for 3 or 4 years. So that has been our methodology, recognize bad news early; don't celebrate too early on you wins and we follow that. So whatever the data tells us quarter after quarter and that’s what we report. Now that was a guy who doesn't have an actuarial degree, so I'll turn it over to Marc or Mark, Mark Lyons to give you the more scientific answer.
Mark Lyons: My scientific answer as a reformed actuary is I have nothing more to add.
Jay Gelb: The final question I have was on mortgage reinsurance. Clearly there was a big benefit in 1Q from the Australian deal. I'm trying to think about on organic, I guess organic is not the right word but on a normalized basis, what do you think the growth rate could be in mortgage insurance, and it could just be $500 million gross written premium business within a year or so?
Dinos Iordanou: Well we don't know, in Australia is a market that dominated by 2 or 3 players or 4 banks, so we have a major relationship with one of the top four. It’s kind of hard to see where if any, if we’re able to grow relationships in other banks. But currently right now we have a stable very strong relationship there and what you're seeing right now is a production. Even though we call it reinsurance, it's really slow business that we assume 100% basis. So it's really like insurance if you will. For the rest of the world, we are exploring all other geographical areas. Dinos and I are spending a lot of times trying to figure out what we could do in Europe or we could do, I mean we are already are in Europe, Canada and other countries. And this is sort of an ongoing trying to grow and use and take advantage of our expertise and strong knowledge and deep knowledge in the MI space to do more of it. It’s really hard to see what it would be in two, three years’ time but for the Australian business I think we’ll get pretty much a good picture of our quality production.
Mark Lyons: Hey Jay, it’s Mark Lyons. Let me just add the difference between binding the business and expanding it versus accounting recognition of it. The Australian market is a single premium market. So if you got to really contrast that with the US which is dominantly monthly so it builds up and it’s recognized slowly. And by single it's not like it’s a single program writing a big bullet single, it's not the case. The underlying business, the business that is reinsuring is a series of every homeowner having a single premium as they put it to play. So the recognition will be accelerated relative to the US, so you can't extrapolate that into something that may appear ultimately to be larger.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Just a couple here I think most of mine have been answered, but the ceded level that we saw in the first quarter that lifted from the first quarter of last year, I mean just you guys expect it to be ceding back to Watford or whoever in that sort of 30% range from here or was there anything unusual in the quarter?
Dinos Iordanou: Okay. You say the 30%, because the 70% that’s the growth.
Michael Nannizzi: Yeah.
Mark Lyons: Remember those session are dominated by the insurance group ceding overwhelming to third-party, unrelated third-party. You have increased retrocession on the property in Marine that the reinsurance group will do. You have minor bits in the mortgage sector really as a function of the deal that was cut on originally on the transaction. So the movement, yes, there is Watford sessions, but the level of Watford session is fairly consistent over the last couple of quarters. The biggest lever is what the insurance group does and Dinos as pointed out, they were just shy of 70% this quarter, but the growth in low volatility businesses that kept overwhelmingly net and the high-capacity business that Dinos talked about and the high capacity we mean $25 million limits, things like that, those are going to be reinsured more because we can get more favorable terms. So we cut the aggregate net volatility of the total book as a result. But just keep in mind Michael, it is the insurance group that drives that ratio.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, got it. And then other income primarily in reinsurance, I guess a little bit in insurance as well, that step-down in the quarter was - did that - those dollars just moved to a different line item maybe somewhere as geography or was there a change in the -
Mark Lyons: No, it’s a great question. On the - think of it this way, quarter-to-quarter that other underwriting income in reinsurance was virtually flat. It's coming from the GSE transactions mostly. Last year there was what we call catch-up premium on the difference between when the capital markets piece went out, that’s done earlier and then the reinsurance segment was done later and had to catch up because of the time gap between them. So that was roughly $3.5 million catch up. That’s the first thing. The first thing would be occasionally we call it periodically, we reevaluate that ethnicky loss portfolio transfer and in that year's quarter there was an adjustment whereas this year's quarter that was not.
Michael Nannizzi: I see, okay. So but now that we're all caught up then we should be reverting back to the pattern that we were experiencing previously?
Mark Lyons: For the derivative oriented transactions, for the GSEs in reinsurer - in the mortgage, the answer would be yes. Ethnicky, it depends when we deem a change is need.
Dinos Iordanou: Derivate accounting for those transactions will be deescalating and going to zero over seven years, right. So every quarter there will be slightly a little less, a little less until it gets extinguished seven years out or so.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. The main point being that other than this timing change you mentioned in the first quarter nothing has really changed as far as that’s concerned.
Dinos Iordanou: No, that’s correct. Yeah.
Michael Nannizzi: All right. And then in reinsurance, so the expense dollars and other operating expense declined in the quarter sequentially. I was just curious if the transaction or the item that you mentioned in insurance was relevant in reinsurance as well Mark or was there something else there?
Marc Grandisson: I am sorry, was that an operating expense question or acquisition expense question?
Michael Nannizzi: Operating, other operating
Mark Lyons: I think the quarter and then the segments in total was kind of affected by the bonus accrual take down that I mentioned. So I would expect the run rate to be a little marginally higher on a ratio basis.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So the order of magnitude similar to what you mentioned on the insurance side in terms of
Mark Lyons: Within spitting distance, yeah.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, that’s fair enough. Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Mark Lyons: Which is as good as I guess.
Michael Nannizzi: As a reformed actuary.
Mark Lyons: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good morning.
Dinos Iordanou: Good morning.
Kai Pan: Do you see any potential impact for the second quarter cats?
Marc Grandisson: The second quarter’s cats, yeah, I mean we have some reported losses. I don’t know how big the impact is going to be. Mark, you have more of a feel for that?
Mark Lyons: Right, as you know a lot of the stuff is pretty fresh. It just happened. And it is a series of events, it is not a single event. So you can appreciate that we're still accumulating some of that. I think from a 10,000 foot view down it's more likely that there is insurance exposures, then reinsurance exposure out of our UK operations we think. But our view at this point Kai is that across all of those aggregated together, it will still be contained within our cat loan. So we don’t see anything unusual in that regard emanating from it.
Kai Pan: Okay. What's your sort of cat loans assumptions.
Mark Lyons: Our cat loan would be just shy of 40.
Marc Grandisson: 40 a quarter, 40 million a quarter.
Kai Pan: Okay, that’s great. And then stepping back on the mortgage insurance, couple of years ago, Dinos, you mentioned that these could be coming in the third of leg of the stool, but looking back at the premiums it is only less than10% of your overall premium, but if you look at the underwriting results it is more than 20% now, so it’s very meaningful. I just wonder were the growth in these markets faster than your other two segments or even sort of like exaggerate or basically both your underlying margin as well as ROE will be growing faster than it has been?
Dinos Iordanou: You got to look at it from a lot of different perspectives, even though premium is not the right measure for mortgage insurance, because the accounting model is totally different the way the business comes in is totally different. I write a mortgage today and I'm going to be receiving premium over the duration of that mortgage usually seven years or so. So you got to look at it from capital consumption and you got to also look at it from the return point of view and yes I think we're on pace based on what we wanted to create a third revenue stream for the company and a third earning stream for us. And I wouldn’t be surprised that depending what happens on the P&C reinsurance that from an earnings point of view they might be even more than one-third. They might go to 40%, 45%. On the other hand, P&C concern in a couple of years and it will be - we don’t - we do look at it from a risk management point of view as to how much exposure we have in each one of the sectors and do we feel comfortable with that vis-à-vis our balance sheet or do we need to buy reinsurance behind it or bring our capital providers into it. We know we are close to any of those decisions. We believe that we still have a lot of room to grow on the mortgage business. Mark, you want to add something.
Mark Lyons: The only thing I would say in terms of creating a third leg in the sense of very sustainable and profitable return on a return basis I think we have accomplished that and we're really looking towards more of that in the future. From that perspective we are not really getting into the discussions as to how much it could be, would be. In the end we're writing and looking at what see every day and we are very pleased right now and I think we've achieved at least establishing has taken a ground and creating that third flow diversifying flow I would add to our core P&C reinsurance and insurance. So we're pleased with that.
Dinos Iordanou: Look, I think Mark went on to how little cat we write today versus what we wrote four or five years ago. Things might change, but we always have - sometimes we shrink in areas that I don't like to shrink, but if there is no return why be in it. Other times you got to limit what you write because you are exceeding your tolerance from a risk management point of view. I can tell you right now on the leverage, on the cat business, I wish the market was better for us to write a lot more in the cat area and maybe one day will be again and we will be up utilizing quite a bit of capacity in that area. So that’s the kind of thinking that goes through our heads. First if it profitable let’s write more until - we got a guy called Chief Risk Officer. He is another actuary, Francois, who rings the bell sometimes and he says - he is nowhere ringing any bells yet because our risk tolerance in every sector is well within what like to have.
Mark Lyons: Kai, I would just like to tie it together that commentary with on managing the cycle and exposure with. The fact we had $4 million of cats in the first quarter if we hadn’t reduced our volumes, 71% since 2012, we probably would not be able to report $4 million, so it’s got income statement aspects, price return aspects and balance sheet risk management.
Kai Pan: Just to follow up on the risk management, this might be a high class problem for you guys. If the mortgage become a meaningful portion of your overall profit pool because of different accounting like a treatment basically you cannot smooth it out for example booking reserves, do you worry about sort of volatility to the earnings.
Dinos Iordanou: There is still things that bring volatility to any book of business including mortgage. One is what I would call my core decision, that’s the underwriting decision that we control is within our hands, so we - and then the other volatility is macroeconomic changes, very high unemployment, which we monitor and see which direction. I would assign two-thirds on the micro and one-third on the macro and at the end of the day in our quarterly risk management evaluations and everything we do, we will look at those parameters to make sure that our compass is pointing us in the right direction.
Mark Lyons: Kai, lastly because I want to make sure even though you phrased the question. The accounting model as much as we criticize it, has nothing to do with our risk management evaluation. We project that to ultimately - I think there are PC lines, so we make persistency assumptions, claims, emanating from possible future delinquencies that are performing loans now and so forth. So just because of the accounting model flaws it doesn’t mean we follow that in our risk management evaluation.
Dinos Iordanou: And have a stress test model we want assuming certain economic conditions where the housing market might go, where unemployment might go et cetera and where interest rates are going to go. And then based on that, we see where we are we with our book and where our book is going to be.
Kai Pan: That’s great. Lastly on the buybacks now trading at - you bought back around 1.3 times for the first quarter of book value now trading at more than 1.4 times, is that out of your comfort zone?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I mean if you ask me if I am trading well, with your assumption no, I still think I am cheap, but that’s a CEO talking his own account, but having said that we are very disciplined into when we put capital to work, independently we are going to buy our own shares or we are going to buy something else. It’s got to be within that three year or so of tolerance that we got to recover anything we pay above book value and that’s what’s been guiding us both in - we try to invest in third parties or we are trying to invest around stock. So in the - that’s basically what we are.
Mark Lyons: And Kai I applaud your five-part question.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. Just a couple of questions. The first is, Mark, maybe just to make our lives a little bit easier the reversal of these bonus accruals, can you actually give us the dollar number and where the location?
Mark Lyons: It was roughly 6 and change distributed all over actually.
Dinos Iordanou: It was all three units and corporate, it was, call it, $7 million.
Jay Cohen: Okay. Next question I guess I'm looking for a little bit of guidance or help here. There is some line items within the -
Dinos Iordanou: We don’t give guidance.
Jay Cohen: Call it help then, not guidance.
Dinos Iordanou: Okay, all right.
Jay Cohen: For a non-actuary, not even reformed how is that? Certain line items within mortgage insurance will jump around pretty dramatically quarter to quarter and you are looking specifically at the acquisition expense ratio. It’s ranged from 33% to 13% just in the last six quarters. Any sort of range that you can put that in that we should be thinking about?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, on the traditional mortgage insurance what we do in Arch MI and Walnut Creek is steady. It’s your salesforce every quarter et cetera. Those number fluctuate on reinsurance transactions and on risk-sharing transactions. The course with risk sharing is it's very, very small because we have a small unit, a couple of people that we review those transactions in the home office and then they - and Mark and I when we and Andrew Rippert who got approve all those we don’t allocate our stuff into it. It’s at a corporate level.
Marc Grandisson: The early business we had in mortgage were largely mortgage reinsurance contracts and transactions and we migrated towards more of a mortgage insurance profile and that explains the ceding commission on reinsurance treaties right now on mortgage base are in the 28% to 35% range and we are not doing many of those or any of - at least not new as we speak, right.
Jay Cohen: Got it. So in quarters where you have a big reinsurance transaction, the acquisition expense ratio will look a little lower?
Mark Lyons: This is assumed, not ceded.
Marc Grandisson: Correct, yeah assumed.
Jay Cohen: Because I am looking at like this quarter the acquisition expense ratio within mortgage segment was quite low and you did a large deal, maybe I will take it offline with Don after?
Dinos Iordanou: No, we did another big reinsurance deal.
Marc Grandisson: No. Exactly, I am not sure what you are talking about.
Jay Cohen: I thought you guys did a sizable deal in Australia on mortgage reinsurance.
Dinos Iordanou: So that's not a reinsurance transaction. As Mark said it’s really - it’s reinsurance in the legal sense of a terms, but we are doing 100% of really flow business. And as Mark alluded to that premium is earned over a very long period of time and the earned premium is actually very small as we speak. Even though the acquisition there would be high it doesn’t really flow through the balance sheet or the income statement as we speak. It will take time to get there.
Jay Cohen: Okay, got it. And those are my two questions, so thanks for the information.
Dinos Iordanou: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Charles Sebaski: Good afternoon. Thanks for getting me in. I guess one follow-up on that Australian transaction. You say it's going to earn in over a long period of time, so despite the $43 million, we shouldn't see much effect on earned premium from that going forward for the next four or five, six quarters?
Mark Lyons: Yeah, it's exactly right. I mean just picture to just make things in perspective. Picture every month being $1 million single and then those singles, each of those $1 million has to be earned over six, seven years. So it’s - the written recognition is going to be a lot faster than the earned recognition.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. Also on mortgage, has there been any activity on GSE risk-sharing over the quarters, is there a pipeline or anything or is it kind of stagnant until something pops? Just curious what the outlook looks like for that?
Dinos Iordanou: No, there is activity and there is a list of transactions that are coming down the pike. Marc, you have the detail on that or.
Marc Grandisson: Actually in a quarter there were I believe three transactions I believe. There were three transactions in the quarter. It is actually a calendar Charles that they are going to - there is a projection for the year that the GSE share with us. We are not sure we are supposed to say anything but you could track that they have - they are on the pace to do from our perspective now two to three a quarter for the remainder of the year. So we've done three this first quarter and are working on some as we speak as well.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent. And then finally on the reinsurance, would appreciate your guys take some commentary in the market that the changing landscape in reinsurers means that a smaller panels of reinsurers mean you have to stay at the table, maintain business. You guys are being contracting. Do you believe that there is risk that over time you need to maintain some particular level of profile with cedents or can you keep contracting and still get back in opportunistically. I guess I'm trying to understand the -
Dinos Iordanou: Listen, it is a great question. At the end of the day we have good ratings, good paper, we can be good partners, but I am not there to do it on a just relationship basis and not have a return. My responsibility is to have returns for my shareholders. I am not going to put that capital to work out of disadvantage on the hope that some future I am going to make some money. If the deals make sense for us and our cedents will do them, if they don’t, we don't and we will look for something else. This is a big market and we are still writing over $1 billion worth of reinsurance, maybe not all of it is what I would call the traditional quarter shares for large clients et cetera, but we find little things here and there, mixed things here and there and we do it. Our people - believe me, they are working harder today than in a good market, because to find these small little nuggets, they got to process a lot of ore, so they are shoveling a lot. At the end of the day, that's our approach. We don't believe that we have to give our pen away through just purely, we ought to be making relationship only decisions. Yes. Relationships are very important. We try to be as service-oriented as anybody else with our clients, give them our perspective about the market and pricing, we do underwriting audits, et cetera, we share all that information, but we got to do a transaction that it has adequate returns for us, otherwise, we won't do it. You run the reinsurance. I shouldn't be speaking on your behalf.
Marc Grandisson: The one thing I will tell you about our reinsurance portfolio is it is not really the same as Mark alluded to, the same portfolio that we had and when we started. I think a lot of what we've been able to create in the reinsurance side, which sort of mirrors what has been done on the insurance side is we try to get as the - not controllable, but as somewhat protected or the line of business that has a little bit of stickiness to it, more stickiness to it, because it needs more knowledge or more expertise. Property facultative is a great example of that and in that segment, I think we are still very active, finding ways to grow and actually do more and be more relevant for our clients. So we’re not behold into the large placements as Dinos mentioned, which is a good place to be.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks and good afternoon, everyone. Really quickly, the mortgage insurance operating expense number went up sequentially. I wasn't expecting that. Everything else was phenomenal, but is that the new rent rate?
Mark Lyons: No. As Dinos mentioned, it's a segment, the segment made up of pretty disparate operating expense contributors. Clearly, until we hit scale on the US MI acquired piece, that’s putting pressure on it. The mixture of that with GSEs where the OpEx is marginal at best. And the reinsurance, again depending on the structure of it, it really comes down to mix, I would not read in anything to an incremental change quarter-over-quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Are you discussing the dollar amount or the percentage?
Mark Lyons: Specifically, both, but mostly the ratio.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thanks. And then on the insurance segment. I guess you've talked a lot about a shift towards smaller account low volatility, is that going to have an observable impact on either of the acquisition expense ratio or the loss ratio, that mix shift?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I mean this shift has been happening now for five, six years. We didn't divert to that. The largest initiative we have was just about $160 million worth of business is our binding authority business and that has a little higher expense component. It comes from binding authority wholesale agents and in essence, they do a lot of the work. It's all electronic, they use our systems, they price, pricing algorithms, et cetera, but they do all the input and they issue the policies. Our system is so good that you can bind and issue a policy within 24 hours in the agent's office. So it has a little bit of a higher expense.
Marc Grandisson: Yeah. I would also say, yes, we have seen some marginal improvements, just in the past quarter, 30 bps down on the net acquisition ratio, just remember premium taxes are in there too, and when you go from a harder to a softer market, it tends to become more admitted than non-admitted, you get a little bump there, everything else being constant, but the biggest thing that you should keep in your mind is as we move to lower and have moved to lower volatility businesses, they come with a higher acquisition cost and a lower loss ratio. So the fact that we have a higher proportion of higher commission oriented businesses, ye the net aq is continuing to go down shows you the leverage power of our reinsurance sessions with increased ceding commissions. It's offsetting and sometimes more than offsetting that shift, mix shift towards higher aq businesses. Does that make sense?
Meyer Shields: It does. I'm not contesting it, it was interesting a lot of competitors have talked about lower volatility business having a higher loss ratio.
Mark Lyons: Well, remember we are after volatility containment. You can cede a lot, what's left is still - especially if it is quota share, it’s still highly volatile on its own, you're getting ceding commission overwrites and you're putting gain into your income statement right away, but what you still have left is volatile. We’ve moved more towards, as Dinos said, smaller accounts and small policy limits to deal with those, but we keep 100% of that.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Now that helps. Are the ceding commissions that you are seeing in reinsurance the same as you’re benefiting from on the insurance side?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. The answer is yes.
Mark Lyons: It's pain on the one side and there is gain on the other side. The market is phenomenal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi. Thank you. I guess first, Marc, you talked earlier about growth in UK motor and I think a number of others have talked about that. Can you just talk a little bit more about sort of what exactly that business is and what's appealing about it? I guess I have ancient bad memories of that causing trouble from time to time?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. And you're quite right, it is very interesting and very volatile if you're not careful, but we have a good relationship with one big originator in the UK and they’ve been a partner of us for a little while and we have been able to maneuver through the cycle with them - alongside with them and we were seeing rate increases over the last three or four quarters I would say and we were able to seize on the opportunity and give them what we think are appropriate reinsurance terms to be partners with them on a going forward basis. In addition to this, the excess of loss in the UK has also gone through a tough time in terms of a lot of changes in the rate level and we were also able to take advantage of that. So it really is a reaction to echo what you just mentioned to the fact that rates have been increasing and improving, and as I said in my comments, and they’ve have increased enough so that we believe that returns are there for now for us to take advantage of it.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And so, you're doing XOL then?
Marc Grandisson: As well. We are doing both.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And are there loss caps on those to protect you or is it just, you can…
Mark Lyons: [indiscernible] and I'm not sure I'm comfortable sharing that with you.
Ian Gutterman: That’s fair. Okay. I guess maybe what I was going to ask is, I always see that being a long-tail business and just are there ways if you see it deteriorating is just you won’t renew it the next year, are there other things that you can do to protect yourself five years down the road, it goes bad?
Dinos Iordanou: Are you talking about the motor business or the XOL loss?
Ian Gutterman: I guess that's probably more on the quarter, right, but I mean, I guess it could be either.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I mean, no. The quota share, you can adjust very quickly based on your underwriting audits and how you’re monitoring rates, don't forget. We do a lot of underwriting audits and we continue to watch the pricing on a quarterly basis. Now, the biggest bet is the excess of loss bet, because you get that wrong and it's not as easy to correct, you can get out later on, but sometimes it might take you a couple of years, or three years before you recognize that you didn't get the pricing right, that's more. But that's not from a premium revenue point of view is not as big as the quota share. So we want both, believe me.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, understood. I was just curious because I was asking a lot of people adding to it. On the MI, I guess a couple of things on rates, one is not that everyone has lowered their rate cards for your non-RateStar business or is this from rate card I think in certain sales looks half market, do you feel you need to adjust your rate card to match everybody or for those customers who want to keep that business?
Marc Grandisson: We actually - we just issued our new rate card in April 7, but we are not matching everyone. So there is no plan right now to do anything else.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, okay. I missed that. Okay. And then on the RateStar business, my sense is and again, obviously, I don't know exactly what your rates are, but it feels like conceptually a lot of what the competitors did to change your rate cards felt like it was trying to get closer to where you and UGC are, is that fair that maybe the advantage of RateStar is a little diminished?
Dinos Iordanou: I don't know what drove the actions because you’re mixing apples and oranges, right. At the end of the day, if you have a pool of risks that on average gives you a good return ROE and now through a selection process, maybe one or two competitors, they might be taking out of the pool certain mortgages for a slightly less price, but much better risk characteristics. That means the remaining part of the pool needs to be priced a little higher than the past, not a little lower. So adjusting the rate cards and not going to look at exactly what adjustments they make, you might be getting into adverse selection, so to speak. At the end of the day, the problem with the rate card is a simplistic way to price. Just credit score and LTV alone is not the only thing that is going to tell you as to how that mortgage is going to behave, there are other parameters around and I think that's where our advantage is. Our advantage is we introduce other factors to allow us to more appropriately price that business.
Marc Grandisson: But clearly Ian to your questions more directly, I believe that going to a more refined rate card is sort of one step for most of them to get to that direction. There is recognition to Dinos’ point that the rate card has been historically too generic in nature.
Dinos Iordanou: And it might die within a year or two and it might get into more as to what we do in all of our other business, on the P&C, I don't care if it’s auto or homeowners or lawyers and accountants, et cetera. We don't have one or two rating parameters, we have multiples and then you look at it from many different perspectives to put a price. So I think the mortgage insurance business is moving in the right direction in our view.
Ian Gutterman: For sure. And then just last one on that topic is if you were to look at a sizeable acquisition in that space that would take you over the one-third mix, can you just talk about sort of how you evaluate metrics, meaning obviously, we can all look at EPS accretion, but what are the different things you look at in addition to just EPS and is it ROE, is it your PE, I mean, I think one of the concerns that people might have is those companies trade at lower multiples, so if it becomes too big a part of your mix, it might hurt your evaluation. Just how do you think about sort of the combination of accretion versus valuation versus risk returns?
Dinos Iordanou: You know that old saying, in the short-term, the equity market is a beauty contest and in the long-term is a weighing machine. That's Buffett's analogy. As long as I’m producing good profits and I’m adding, I don't worry about what the Street valuations might be because how do you explain one competitor we have who is trading at 1.7 times book, right, in the MI space versus another competitor we have, who is trading at 1.1. Well, maybe one has legacy business and the other one doesn’t, et cetera. So I'm not worried about that because the mortgage insurance business produces very good ROEs to demand at higher multiple than the P&C will right now. And we only have one marker out of the seven who has the purity in only having post crisis business and the market is rewarding them with 1.7 multiple. So I don't know, our actions is not as to - about the market multiples. Our actions is, we’re producing a good return for the capital that we are committing to a particular sector and is the ROE acceptable, that's what drives us, that's the key driver in what we do.
Marc Grandisson: Ian, for an insightful guy like you and the others, it would wind up being that ACGL would bring up the mortgage multiple rather than the mortgage brings down ACGL.
Ian Gutterman: The reason I asked is because if it's something big, I assumed you’d have to use some stock, so that was sort of the context I was thinking about, maybe a better way to say is what things do you historically haven't done anything as required in this stock, is it sort of what are the things you evaluate and deciding whether stock makes sense in a merger?
Mark Lyons: Well, let me just on that one, is I mean, we’ve talked about this before on tangible book value hit, that's not new as to how - when we’ve repurchased our shares, does that hit, what's the recovery period, that is still an in force principle that we will look at. And that’s one of the criteria, not the only criteria, but that is certainly one of them, but don't lose sight of the prior discussion, which is on the risk management side. So EPS is a no-brainer. That's impact. We don't want to impair the balance sheet, number one. So what's the recovery of it and the risk management aspect, we wouldn't go into it if there weren’t higher ROEs to begin with, but defensively we don't want to put any dents in the balance sheet.
Ian Gutterman: Got to make sense. What's for lunch today, Dinos?
Dinos Iordanou: That's your best question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle: Yeah. Hello, thanks. Just one follow-up question, something that was discussed on the Australian mortgage transaction, kind of what you said kind of confused me, is this a recurring revenue transaction which is to say, we’ll see another one of 40 million or whatever the number will be next quarter and then continuing thereafter? Or was this a one-off one shot deal?
Marc Grandisson: No. Like I said, we’re sorry for - I just want to make sure it’s clear to everyone. This is really like business that was produced in that quarter, that relationship is still existing, it’s been around since last year. So yes, I would expect depending on the level of production that our partner will do in Australia, we could be around that same level as we continue producing at same level.
Dinos Iordanou: If they originate the same level of mortgages, they will flow through us and it continues and it will continue as such until they can - there is a termination by either party on the relationship.
Mark Dwelle: So this puts in place really a fairly, I’m going to use the word permanent or at least hopefully long term kind of full flow of premiums that should last for at least on an earned basis for quite a long time?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. That is correct. Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Sorry for the follow up. Just one last one here, back to the MI and Marc maybe your comments on the expenses, I mean I’m looking at premiums doubled year over year, acquisition ratio is in half dollars or down notionally, other operating expense, the ratio is flat, and I understand there was a reinsurance transaction that may be obscuring some of that trend, but I would generally think that the ratio of dollars, it would seem to be more of fixed in nature, the operating expenses, that ratio would improve and that the acquisition ratio would remain relatively flat, again absent, some adjustments, I’m just trying to get some understanding of what that should look like and I understand they’re like three different businesses, they all operate differently, the stackers, expenses are low and things like that, but I mean would the line that’s growing this quickly, I feel like just missing the mark on how to think about, should we be looking at expense dollars relative to written premium dollars as opposed to earned during this growth phase, just any guidance or help, not guidance, but any help in how to think about would be great.
Marc Grandisson: Well, I think written is a better way. It’s more of a statutory view, but it’s - it still makes more sense. We talked about hitting critical mass in steady state at some point, but also Michael think about how market share is measured, it’s measured on NIW, which is effective new premium. But that’s new exposure, the premium is comes in at a slow build up rate overtime. So if we get to a reasonably larger market share in two, three years, that doesn’t mean that overnight, the whole in force book is where it needs to be. That means the marginal amount in 2017 that we hit market share of X is additive to the portfolio. In PC world, we have new business and renewal business. Here, you have our new business. You have new business and in force. So all you’re doing is adding on to the heap with a new NIW that you’re getting. So this is a long-winded answer to say, you got to be patient, the OpEx dollars are really not going to grow as much. You got to wait for the revenue to catch up with that and it will.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So OpEx doesn’t grow as much. And the acquisition expense, I am guessing that was impacted somewhat by this Australia transaction and the lack of reinsurance transaction you mentioned that you have in the prior year, but is this sort of teens level of acquisition expense, I mean is that given the mix of business you have, is there anything in there that we need to peel out in order to think about the forward.
Marc Grandisson: No. I think it is the mix. The mix will change by quarter. It’s by the way, it changes in the reinsurance segment, it changes in the insurance segment. By mix, the changes, the reported acquisition expense. OpEx is - the questions you asked are applicable to any of our business segments, but acquisition can fluctuate. So I’d say, no, it’s a mixed bag quarter by quarter.
Operator: Thank you. I’m showing no further questions. I’d like to turn the call back to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, thank you all. A little late lunch today but I’m going to enjoy the keftethes along with the team. We are looking forward to seeing you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Marc Grandisson - President and Chief Operating Officer Mark Lyons - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Sarah DeWitt - JPMorgan Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Meyer Shields - KBW Matt Carletti - JMP Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Arch Capital Group Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. Before the company get started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures of the financial performance, the reconciliation to GAAP and the definition of operating income can be found on the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Dinos Iordanou. You may begin.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you, Abigail. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. We would like to begin our call by first welcoming Marc Grandisson who has joined us this morning and he will be part of our future presentations to you. For those of you who may have missed our recent release announcing Marc’s promotion to President and Chief Operating Officer, let me remind you that all of our operating businesses now report directly to Marc. Many of you already know him as he was an integral part of the original reinsurance team with Paul Ingrey and others that helped establish Arch Reinsurance Group as the best-in-class global reinsurer. In addition, Marc played a prominent role in establishing our mortgage business, which has become a significant contributor to our group results. You will hear more about the business environment from Marc in a few minutes, but let me very briefly describe how we see the operating conditions in the markets we participate in. To invoke a bit of a sailing analogy, we are facing headwinds in our reinsurance group, overcapacity, pressure on ceding commissions, more excess of loss purchasing at inadequate pricing. So, that describes a bit the reinsurance market conditions. We see reasonably calm conditions in our insurance group, some sectors under pressure from a pricing point of view, but other sectors offering good opportunities, especially in small customer segments. And of course, there are tailwinds in our mortgage segments. The underwriting is very strong in this particular sector and the macroeconomic conditions affecting the housing market, they are very favorable. Turning to our operating results. Our fourth quarter earnings were driven by solid reported underwriting results, while investment returns were challenging, continue to be affected by yields available in the markets. Group-wide and on a constant dollar basis, our gross written premium decreased by 3.6% in the fourth quarter over the same period in 2014, while net written premiums were down 8.2% as underwriting actions in our insurance and in reinsurance business were only partially offset by growth in our mortgage business. We continue and I know Marc will emphasize this, to emphasize underwriting discipline with all of our operating units. On an operating basis, we earned $143.6 million or $1.15 per share for the fourth quarter, which produced an annualized return on equity of just shy of 10%, 9.8% for the 2015 fourth quarter and as it compares to a 9.7% return on average common equity for the year ending December 31, 2015. Net income movements on a quarterly basis can be more volatile as these earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses in our investment portfolio. Investment volatility during the fourth quarter and for the full year 2015 caused net income to fall below operating returns. This is I believe for the first time in the last 5 years that our operating returns were below net income returns. On a net income basis, Arch earned $4.09 for all of 2015, which equates to a return on equity of 8.8% for the year. While operating return on equity generally produces a more stable stream of earnings in the short-term, we believe that net income provides a better view of value creation and book value growth over time. Over the past 5 years, on average, net income ROE has added 230 basis points to our operating return. Our reported underwriting results remain acceptable in the fourth quarter as reflected by a strong combined ratio of 86.8 and were aided by low level of catastrophe losses and continued favorable loss reserve development. Group-wide, we believe that on an expected basis, the present value ROE on the business written in the 2016 underwriting year will produce ROEs in the range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Net investment income per share for the quarter was $0.53 per share, down $0.01 sequentially from the third quarter of 2015. Positive returns on equities in the quarter were not enough to offset negative returns on fixed income as total return on a constant dollar basis on our investment portfolio was a negative 10 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2015. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar also impacted total return which was negative 33 basis points for the quarter on a reported basis. Our operating cash flow, excluding Watford, was approximately $100 million in the fourth quarter as compared to approximately $225 million in the same period last year. Mark Lyons will discuss the changes in cash flow in a few minutes, but approximately one-third of the decline in cash flow reflects the timing of premiums paid to Watford. Our book value per common share at December 31, 2015 was $47.95 per share, a slight increase from the third quarter of 2015 and a 5.2% increase from December 31, 2014. With respect to capital management, we continue to have capital in excess of our targeted levels. However, we did not find any opportunities to purchase shares in the fourth quarter that will meet our previously stated criteria for share repurchases. We have found some of those opportunities to purchase shares in the first quarter of 2016. Through February 5, 2016, 1,050,000 shares under our 10b5 program at a cost of $69 million, with those purchases, we have approximately $450 million remaining on our board authorization. We will review that in our board meeting in May 2016. Before I turn over the call to Marc Grandisson, I would like to discuss our PMLs, which continue to decline from underwriting actions we have taken in our cat portfolios. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PML aggregates reflect business balance through January 1, while premium numbers included in our financials are through December 31 and that the PMLs are reflected net of all reinsurance and retrocessions we purchased. As of January 1, 2016, our largest 2015 year PML for a single event remains the Northeast at $489 million or approximately 8% of common shareholders equity. I believe that’s the lowest level on a percentage basis in our history. Our Gulf of Mexico PML decreased to $444 million at January 1 and our Florida Tri-County PML decreased to a low $362 million. I will now turn it over to Marc Grandisson to comment on market conditions as he sees them before Mark Lyons discusses our financial results. And after Mark Lyons, we will take your questions. So Marc, welcome and go at it.
Marc Grandisson: Thank you, Dinos. It’s great to be here. I already know many of you and I look forward to know you better as I move into my new role. As we look across our three segments insurance, reinsurance and mortgage, we see not only the challenges of competitive conditions as Dinos mentioned in stock pricing, but we also see opportunities in each of our three business segments. While macro events and the interest rate environment have brought down total ROE expectations to a new normal level, we are positioning ourselves in all of our underwriting units, focusing on specialty niches that have some inherent competitive protection and for which we believe we will achieve our 15% ROE target over the cycle. As far as the overall insurance markets are concerned, commercial pricing remains under pressure, especially in the more commoditized product lines. Primary P&C rates are declining in the mid to low single-digit range, although there are pockets of rate strengthening. Terms and condition in general are stable. Turning first to our insurance operations in United States, we saw 140 basis points effective rate decrease this quarter, but a rate decrease of only 20 bps for the full 2015 policy year versus 2014. Expected ROE on allocated capital in many lines are still comfortably in the double digits. Those lines of business include construction, national account programs, some areas of low capacity, executive assurance and professional liability. Together, these lines represent over 70% of our 2015 volume. In contrast, we have seen worsening, as mentioned by Dinos of the rate levels in property also in healthcare and higher capacity executive assurance. As a result, we are writing left in those lines. Our insurance group’s premium written decreased 2.5% in the fourth quarter 2015 versus 2014 on a gross basis, but 6% down on a net basis. The changes in our gross versus net reflects the change in our underlying mix as well as our ability to buy reinsurance on more favorable terms. Ceded written premium increased 6.1% in our insurance group this quarter over the same period last year. Our international insurance operations, which are based in the UK and underwriters risk globally are under heavier pressure from a rate level perspective. Rate changes there were minus 7% across all of our product lines. Needless to say, we are continuing to actively underwrite and manage this portfolio and are trying to move into areas such as accident and health where competition we believe is less intense. Turning to our reinsurance group now, we continued to develop and allocate our resources for specialty markets and products that are somewhat more zealous from competition. Business lines such as property, including catastrophe, excess of loss and marine are yet again experiencing rate declines in the 10% range. At the same time, some segments like UK motor and U.S. professional liability have experienced small rate increases and that has created some opportunities for Arch Re. We find it challenging, if not impossible to uncover opportunities in the broader U.S. casualty, global aviation and medical malpractice reinsurance markets. The returns there are just not satisfactory. In our view, capacity is plentiful. In short, the lines of business where we are focusing our efforts still provide us with expected ROEs on allocate capital in excess of 10%, but the days of low hanging fruit are gone. Our reinsurance group net premium written has declined 26% in the fourth quarter of 2015 versus fourth quarter of 2014, led by decreased writings in our short-tailed segment. Our property cat portfolio for the full 2015 year is now over 30% over prior year 2014 on a net basis. In addition, we have seen and reacted to rate erosion by writing left in many other product segments such as international credits and surety, focused on Class and French motor third-party liability business. Cheaper retrocessional protection has also led us to lower retention in the reinsurance group on a shorter-tail line. Switching now to our mortgage insurance segment, which includes – to remind you our primary operations in the U.S., our mortgage reinsurance on a global basis as well as the GSE risk-sharing transactions business, we had another solid quarter of growth in written premiums growing this quarter by 30% over the third quarter of 2015 and 65% over the same quarter last year. The growth came mostly from the U.S. GSE risk-sharing programs and from the reinsurance contract with one of the major Australian lenders. We continue to make progress in the expansion of our U.S. market share. Arch MI has approved – our U.S. MI has approved 904 master policy applications, 460 of these clients have submitted loans to Arch MI. In addition, we are capturing additional share of the U.S. MI market through our GSE risk-sharing programs. At December 31, 2015, our total mortgage segment risk in force is $11.5 billion, which includes $6.8 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operation, $3.5 billion through worldwide reinsurance operation and approximately $1.2 billion from the GSE risk sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage operation has $2.6 billion of new insurance written during the fourth quarter of 2015, which was approximately 60% through the bank channel and 40% via a credit union client. Our credit union channel continues to perform exceptionally well as our bank channel business develop – development efforts gain traction. Our lender paid mortgage insurance singles net insurance written was only 80% of the total production as Arch MI responded to competitive conditions and lower returns as we see on this business. Last quarter, we introduced our new risk-based pricing model, RateStar, and have rate filings approved in 46 states. Through December 31, 2015, 783 customers have elected to use RateStar and the technological transition has gone smoothly. We believe that RateStar enables us to improve our assessment of risk and will help Arch MI create better risk adjusted ROEs. We are very pleased with the initial response and the applications that we are receiving through RateStar at this point. We estimate the overall mortgage markets NIW that was down actually for the fourth quarter versus third quarter by 20%. Most of the drop occurring in November and December as both purchase and mortgage refi volume declined as one of the newer player in the mortgage insurance market, we are well positioned to take market share with our innovative approach to MI and the high credit rating that our diversified business platform allows. With that, I will hand it over to Mr. Lyons to cover the detailed financial results.
Mark Lyons: Great. Thank you, Marc and welcome aboard. It’s good to have two Marks and one Dino. I think I am – so let me just begin by saying what I have said in the last few quarters that terminology wise, while I use the term core, I refer to our aggregate results excluding Watford Re when I use the term consolidated, as the term is results inclusive of Watford Re. Since we are here, I will talk about year end results. I would like to take a minute and put our changing mix of business into perspective. On a full year net written premium basis, the insurance segment reduced by approximately 6%, as Marc just mentioned. The reinsurance segment declined by about 25%, there is an asterisk on that I will get to later. And the mortgage segment increased substantially by 65%. More importantly, though this results in a mix change on a core basis as follows. Insurance segment changed from 59% to 61% of total core net written premiums, the reinsurance segment shrunk from 35% to 31% and the mortgage segment increased from 5.7% to 8% of the core net written premium. The mortgage segment’s total contribution is actually larger though since some risk-sharing – GSE risk-sharing transactions received derivative accounting treatment and therefore contributed no net written premium. And as we shall discuss shortly, the mortgage segment and its growth load combined ratio on an accident year basis, which also has an asterisk that I will get into in a bit decreased by 530 basis points over that of 2014. So, you can see we are growing and shifting in areas of improved profitability. Okay. Moving to this quarter’s results, the core combined ratio for this quarter was 86.8%, with 1.9 points of current accident year cat-related events compared to the 2014 fourth quarter combined ratio of 87.5%, which reflected 2.3 points of cat-related events. Losses recorded in the fourth quarter from these catastrophic events of this year, net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums, totaled just shy of $16 million, primarily stemming from UK storms and other global events emanating mostly within our reinsurance operations. The 2015 fourth quarter core combined ratio reflects 8.6 points of favorable prior year development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 8.3 points on the same basis in the 2014 fourth quarter. This results in a 93.5% current core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for the fourth quarter of this year compared to an identical 93.5% accident quarter combined ratio in the fourth quarter of last year. In the insurance segment, the 2015 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 96.3%, essentially unchanged from the accident quarter combined ratio of 96.4% a year ago. The reinsurance segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio ex-cats was 90.1% compared to 87.3% in last year’s fourth quarter. As noted in prior quarters, the reinsurance segment’s results reflect changes in mix of premium earned, including a much lower contribution from property catastrophe business as Marc has alluded to. The mortgage segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio was 83.1% compared to 98.9% for the fourth quarter of 2014. It’s important to recall that the concept of accident year is more of a P&C concept and not directly analogous to the mortgage business due to their accounting convention. Theirs is much more of a reported year convention. The full year now, the full accident year 2015 core combined ratio, excluding cats, was 94.5% versus 94% even for the full 2014 accident year. By segment, insurance groups full accident year ex-cats was 96.1% versus 96.3% in the 2014 year and the reinsurance group’s full 2015 accident year was 93.3% versus 90.7% for the 2014 full accident year. Mortgage segment on a same basis was 84.1% versus 89.4% of a full year from 2014, that’s the 530 basis points improvement I referenced earlier. The insurance group – insurance segment accounts for roughly 14% of the total net favorable development in the quarter. This was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from the 2010 to 2013 accident years and longer tailed lines from the 2003 to 2011 accident years. The reinsurance segment accounts for approximately 80% of the total net favorable development in the quarter, excluding associated impacts on acquisition expenses with approximately half of that due to net favorable development on short tailed lines concentrated in the more recent underwriting years and the remaining half due to net favorable development on longer tailed lines, primarily from the 2005 to 2011 underwriting years. The mortgage segment accounted for roughly 6% of the net favorable development this quarter, which translates to an 8.1% beneficial impact on the loss ratio, resulting from continued lower claim rates from the CMG business we acquired in 2014, along with excellent credit experience to-date on business written since the acquisition. Some of this favorable development is offset by the contingent consideration or earn-out mechanism negotiated within the purchase agreement. This contingent consideration impacts however in the geography sense is reflected in realized gains and losses and not within underwriting income. Our core operations across the full 2015 calendar year experienced $272 million of net favorable development, again, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums and related acquisition expenses, which represents 8.2 combined ratio points versus $307 million on the same basis in 2014, which represented 8.8 combined ratio points. The full calendar year net favorable development was approximately 15% in the insurance segment, 80% in the reinsurance segment and 5% in the mortgage segment. Approximately, 68% of our core $7 billion of total net reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses are IBNR and additional case reserves, which continues to be consistent across the insurance and reinsurance segments. The core expense ratio for the fourth quarter of this year was 35.6% versus the prior year’s comparative quarter of 34.7%, driven by the U.S. mortgage insurance operations, which is operating at a higher expense ratio until this business hits a steady state as well as the effect of an overall 5.2% smaller core net earned premium base quarter-over-quarter. The insurance segment maintained a 32.4% expense ratio for the quarter compared to an identical 32.4% ratio a year ago, reflecting a lower net acquisition ratio, offset by an increase in operating expense ratio. However, we continue to focus on the total expense ratio as mentioned in previous calls, since the slotting of costs and benefits within the net acquisition and operating expense ratios is somewhat artificial and ceding commissions are fully booked in the net acquisition line and not allocated to every operating expense category that they represent. The reinsurance segment expense ratio increased from 32.5% in the fourth quarter of last year to 36% this quarter, primarily reflecting a 14% lower net earned premium base. The reinsurance segment expense ratio was also weighted though by a reimbursement reflecting a favorable tax ruling affecting federal excise taxes. The ratio of net premium to gross premium for our core operations in the quarter was 71.6% versus 75% a year ago. The insurance segment had a lower 66.4% ratio compared to 69.1% a year earlier driven by increased sessions on a larger alternative markets book that we have commented on in the past, increased sessions on capacity-driven product lines and a reduction in our P&C program business, which is kept predominantly net. It is important to note that on a written basis, the front-end gross commission ratio decreased by 110 basis points and the average quota share commission ratio improved by 260 basis points in the U.S. operation. These joint improvements will continue to be felt as they are earned over the next few quarters. In the reinsurance segment, the net to gross ratio was 76.2% in the quarter compared to 85.5% a year ago, primarily reflecting sessions to Watford Re. Also as commented on during the last quarter’s call – last year’s fourth quarter call, there was a one-time $50.2 million unearned premium reserve transfer associated with Gulf Re, which correspondently required a $50.2 million written premium to be recorded as well. This distorts the quarter-over-quarter comparison and can be seen in the financial supplement within the property other than property cat line of business. Adjusting for this, our premium reserve distortion results and the net written premiums for the total reinsurance segment this quarter declining by 8.7% quarter-over-quarter. The mortgage segment, in addition to the premium growth that Marc mentioned earlier, had approximately $3.5 million of other underwriting income in the quarter from risk-sharing transactions receiving derivative accounting treatment and $4.6 million of underwriting profit associated with risk-sharing transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment. Over time, it is expected that more income will emanate from transactions receiving insurance accounting treatment than derivative accounting treatment. The other segment, being wholly Watford Re at this point, reported a 103.8% combined ratio for the quarter, $96.2 million of net written premium and $119 million of net earned premiums. As a reminder, these premiums reflect 100% of the business assumed rather than simply Arch’s approximate 11% common share interest. As for business sourcing, approximately 37% of the gross written premium this quarter was written directly on Watford paper with the remainder ceded by Arch affiliates. It should be noted that this sourcing can vary materially quarter-by-quarter. The total return on investment portfolio on a local currency basis was reported negative 10 bps in the quarter, as Dinos mentioned, reflecting positive returns of our equity sector that were more than offset by negative returns in both investment-grade and non-investment grade fixed income as well as the alternative investment portfolio. Even with our shift into a greater equity and alternative allocation over time, 80% of the portfolio is still comprised of fixed income security. On a U.S. dollar basis, total return for the quarter was a negative 33 bps. On a full 2015 calendar year basis, total return on local constant currency basis was a positive 162 bps. And on the U.S. dollar basis, the return was a positive 41 bps in the quarter led for the year, led by the equity and investment grade fixed income sectors. The embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.16% as of year end and duration remains fairly consistent at 3.43 years. Fixed income duration, as we said in the past, can fluctuate due to tactical decisions as opposed to long-term strategic shifts and the current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rates in the current yield environment. Reported net investment income in the quarter was $67 million or $0.53 per share versus $67.3 million in the 2015 third quarter or $0.54 per share and $72 million or 56% share in the fourth quarter a year ago. As always, we evaluate investment performance on a total return basis and not merely by the geography of net investment income. Core cash flow from operations, as Dinos mentioned was approximately $100 million in the quarter versus $227 million in the fourth quarter of last year. This reduction primarily reflects higher ceded reinsurance payments in total across all reinsurance and retrocessions areas, as well as some timing differences associated with Watford Re ceded payments. It also reflects lower gross premium collections reflecting the drop in volume, particularly from the loss of a large MGA acquired by a competitor within our insurance group as has been discussed in previous calls. And a lower level of paid reinsurance recoveries received due merely the timing differences. The full calendar year 2015 core cash flow from operations was $705 million versus $998 million – $705 billion versus – or versus by $998 million in this full – I think I misspoke that. The full calendar year 2015 core cash flow from operations was $705 million versus $998 million in the full 2014 calendar year. Core interest expense for the quarter was $12.8 million, which is consistent with our longer term run rate. Consolidated, therefore inclusive of Watford, interest expense was $15.8 million and since because we consolidate Watford, approximately $3 million of interest expense is associated with the use of leverage within Watford’s investor portfolio. And as you recall, roughly 11% of Watford’s results impacted Arch’s financial statements. Our effective tax rate, our pretax operating income available to shareholders for the fourth quarter was an expense of 6.9% compared to an expense of 1.7% in the fourth quarter of last year. The full year effective tax rate on pretax operating income was 5.1% versus 2.4% for 2014 calendar year. This reflects $2.9 million or 26% of this quarter’s total tax being a true-up of the first three quarters of the year to this 5.1% annual tax rate. Fluctuations in the effective tax rate can result from variability in the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction as was the case in this quarter. Our total capital was $7.1 billion at the end of this quarter, up 0.6% relative to September 30 and up 1.1% relative to 2014. Our debt to capital ratio remains low at 12.6% and debt plus hybrids represents only 17.1% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. We also continued to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. During the full 2015 calendar year, we repurchased shares at an aggregate cost of $365 million versus 2014 share repurchase aggregate cost of $454 million. These represent 71% of net income during 2015 and 56% of net income during 2014. Book value per share was $47.95 at year end, up $0.06 of a point and up 5.2% relative to a year ago. This change in book value per share this quarter primarily reflects the company’s continued strong underwriting performance virtually offset by the challenging quarter in the financial markets. So with these introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your call – your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Sarah DeWitt with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sarah DeWitt: Hi, good morning…
Dinos Iordanou: Good morning.
Sarah DeWitt: First on the mortgage insurance business, I just want to get your latest thoughts on the growth opportunities there. You have probably seen some of the mortgage stocks are down 40% in the past six months, some concerns about growth, pricing and competition, so I would be interested in your latest thoughts on that sector.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, the – we like the environment in the sector. The underwriting quality of these mortgages is very high. The macroeconomic conditions, the positive. You will get fluctuations on a quarter-to-quarter basis on demand. There is nothing we can do about the demand. However, let me point out to you that the GSEs are through the bulk transactions. They are transferring a much more significant portion of the risk to the private market. So there is ample opportunity on these risk-sharing transactions to expand the demand for transferring risk to the private markets, which we participate. So that is the environment. As far as pricing, yes there have been spots of competition, especially on the lender single premium sector. But we have seen that easing in the first quarter on the basis that with P. Myers [ph] and the capital requirements from P. Myers coming into effect, there is a higher capital charge on discounted LPMI business. So in essence, we have seen not only us doing a lot less in that sector, but some of our competitors doing less. So I still – we are very, very bullish on that. But I am going to turn it over to Marc Grandisson, to give a little bit of the color because he is embedded in that business and he has been since the beginning. So he probably knows more detail than I do.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. At a high level, I think the U.S. MI, I will break it down in two pieces, the two areas is the credit union channel that we have. We had already a very significant market share. We are maintaining and actually growing it somewhat. So the growth there is going to follow the overall market growth in MI origination and MI purchases. The bank channel is going through a tremendous growth over the last year and most of the growth is on the MI or in fact 90% of the growth comes from the bank channel. We are still in the early stages of establishing our presence, establishing our relationships and contacting our clients and growing that and establishing the pipes, if you will, to deal with this. At the same time, we have this as you know, established RateStar. And RateStar is initial, as Dinos and I know, so we see the numbers, it’s been a very initial – very good response from the market. And that I think will lead to hopefully get – giving us more penetration in the bank channel for the next 12 months. And that’s not even counting the U.S. risk-sharing that Dinos mentioned. The new mandates, the new scorecard, the new – and evaluation that FHFA will do for the GSEs, they have to – from our expectations right now, the GSEs will have to, in the risk-sharing transactions, probably buy 50%, possibly more over 2016 versus 2015. So that’s actually a very bullish statement that private market is going to get a bigger place at the table.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. Let me add also one more point. It’s more subtle point, but I think it’s important based on where the financial markets are today. At the end of the day, we won two or three of the highest rated MI companies. And I believe that a lot of the originators, I don’t care if it’s commercial banks or mortgage originators, etcetera, they are going to stop paying more attention to where they are placing their business. Even though they are not the counterparty, Fannie and Freddie are the counterparty I think it’s prudent to be placing your business with more highly rated financial companies. So we are bullish about that because I think you are starting to be recognized, especially by the small banks that, hey we would rather do business with people that they have a better – a stronger financial rating than others who don’t.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. Thank you. And then on the excess capital, I know it’s a high-class problem, but given the stock back above the level where you repurchase stock, how would you think about deploying that and how long would you sit on the excess capital if the valuation stays at these levels?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, we don’t try to sit on excess capital. I mean, at the end of the day, we look at opportunities to deploy as much of our excess capital. Our first choice is to deploy it in the business. As we can see now, most of our opportunities they are coming on the mortgage side and when we get dips in the market as we have seen in the first quarter, they are all – yes, stock got punished unfairly as far as we are concerned, but at the end, it gave us the opportunity for us to buy some of our shares back. If people don’t like them at certain price, we like it. And that’s the opportunities we take advantage of it. It was in the close window by the way. And I did put a 10b5 plan that it worked for us and it gave us the opportunity to purchase 1 million shares at reasonable pricing as far we are concerned. So, we are going to continue with that philosophy. And I believe we are going to get opportunities as the market is starting now with some of our competitors to be putting pressure on their financials that we can deploy more capital in the business, because at some point in time, it’s going to improve. Now, if you look at it quarter-to-quarter, you might be too anxious. We have a more longer term view. We look at it year-over-year and I don’t mind carrying a certain amount of excess capital for the next year or so in order for me to have my powder dry case, I get opportunities to deploy.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. Thank you for the answers.
Dinos Iordanou: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith with Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Vinay Misquith: Hi, good morning. First question is on RateStar, I believe you mentioned 783 players have signed up for RateStar, if I am correct. How many of them are the large players? Are you getting any of the large mortgage insurers? I mean, are there large banks signing up for this program?
Dinos Iordanou: In general, we – the smaller banks and smaller in size originators, they embrace RateStar more than the larger banks. But as you know, we give the opportunity to all of our customers to choose either RateStar and/or the rate card. We haven’t abandoned the rate card. What the RateStar does, it tries to evaluate [Technical Difficulty] ROE expectations for the entire book of business. We are pricing the business – as a matter of fact, we believe RateStar will give us even better ROEs than the old rate card, but that has been the environment. The incredible thing about RateStar is that we have the ability live to see every single originator who is using the system. So independent if that mortgage is going to be placed with us, that – the mortgage insurance are going to be placed with us or not, we see every single originator, every mortgage officer who is live on our system instantaneously. So, we monitor the volumes, we see who is using it and which territories they are using, etcetera, which for us is an incredible thing especially also from a marketing point of view, because to tell you the truth, we find some banks maybe 3, 4 or 5 of their loan officers use RateStar significantly and the other 3, 4 and we know all of them by name, don’t use it at all and then it gives us an opportunity to go and have proper conversations as to why, why not. So Marc, you want to add anything on the RateStar?
Marc Grandisson: No. The only thing I will concur and further confirm that there is the highest level of application that we received are coming through the regional and commercial credit union channel. The banks are bigger, a bit longer to go over and make the change and adopt the RateStar application, but it’s going to take time, but we are going to get there.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. We have approvals on RateStar, I believe, on 46 states. Correct?
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Vinay Misquith: Right. And have you seen a pickup in business from RateStar? And I believe one of your large competitors are not doing it, have you seen some more competitors trying to do something similar to what you are doing?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, early signs is a little bit of pickup, where we see – we see more of a pickup in utilization. And – but like I said, we only released this about 2 months ago. It was early December. Now, we are in February. Sometimes the process takes 6 to 8 weeks for a mortgage to be placed. So – but clearly, there is an uptick, a noticeable uptick in the utilization of the system and the applications that they go through with the RateStar and they get a quotation for that mortgage insurance. Now, if that loan is going to be made and if they are going to place it with us, because I am sure they are comparing what our price is versus the rate card from some competitor, it’s too early to tell. But I am optimistic.
Vinay Misquith: Sure. And are you seeing other competitors also do something similar to your RateStar?
Dinos Iordanou: Marc, you are closer to it.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. You heard the call on Radian and MGIC, I mean you can go through that and hear what they have to say. And there is trying – there is definitely a trend in the industry to go in that direction to actually try and address the inefficiencies, frankly, that resides within the rate card pricing to better address and better assess you the risk within a portfolio. But I want – I need to remind you, as Dinos and Mark did on last call, that, that endeavor of ours to create RateStar took over a year to put together. This is no small feat. It included having an amazing dedication and a big group of our people to really put it together. So I will not be surprised, I know I can’t speak to that, but I wouldn’t be surprised that our competitors feel compelled to have to react to this as well.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s predictive analytics, independent if it’s in the auto insurance business or in the mortgage insurance business, etcetera. It’s the norm now. And if you are not willing to assess risk appropriately and price it appropriately, at the end of the day, you might be subject to adverse selection over time and we don’t want to be in that category. So, we do challenge our people to create that innovation independent of the workup for that symbol. Believe me, it’s a five-quarter effort. I was involved in it. Marc Grandisson was involved in it. And all of our senior guys from Andrew Rippert to David Gansberg and his team in Walnut Creek, we have put a big effort to do this. This is not something that as one of our competitors says it’s just some black box that spits out. It’s a lot of effort, a lot of analytics, a lot of historical data that we have used both from within the old PMI books that we are running off on behalf of the regulator, but also with external databases that deal with mortgage risk and we are proud of what we have achieved. And believe me, it’s still a work in progress. We will continue to improve it and improve it and improve it because it’s not something that is static. As we learn about the predictability of the model, then we will adjust. And it’s no different what we have done on the cat business, right? And you have seen our performance on the cat business. I think we have fared well over the years taking catastrophic risk, because at the end, we – let’s face it, I am the only non-actuary in the senior management team. I think they are ready to expel me from the group. Everyone we have is a quant here, except me. But I keep up with them. Everyone is performing.
Marc Grandisson: Yes, exactly.
Vinay Misquith: Just one follow-up, just numbers question primarily quick. So first is the on the expense ratio, so just on the operating expenses, those were higher this year versus last year, just wondering if you plan to keep them flat next year. And the second piece is on the P&C insurance, on the acquisition expense ratio, do you expect that to decline this year because of higher ceding commissions?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, Mark, do you want to address this?
Mark Lyons: Yes. Let me do it and this is Mark Lyons.
Dinos Iordanou: Because I have got 2 Marks, I have got Mark square now. So it’s hopefully, not a third one called question mark.
Mark Lyons: So let’s take in reverse order. I think this is the third quarter I have commented on the quota share improvement on the pre-ceding commissions. And it’s been about 260 bps. It fluctuates a little bit, 260 bps. I think the proportion getting that is increasing, so you get more of a gearing factor, firstly. Secondly, I am quoting those on a written basis. So you asked the semi-forward question and we don’t give guidance. But I think it’s fairly straightforward that if you are getting those kinds of benefits on a written basis, they are going to eat their way in over the next three or four quarters. So I think it’s reasonable to expect improvement and then likely flattening at that point. However, there is continued improvement in the gross commission ratio, mostly as a function of mix and that was 110 bps. And that’s a big part of it – the reason for it as well. On the OpEx side, let’s say we like to look at these things in total. We – on the insurance group side, you had some specials in there that were related I think to our UK operation. We had some compliance things we dealt with. We had some Lloyds cost. We had some overlap of some IT, which I view as non-recurrent, shifting from exchanging to an internal facility we have in the Philippines actually, which I view those as non-recurrent. The reinsurance, the mortgage stuff side we know about. It hasn’t come up the scale. On the – I think on the reinsurance side, that was dominated by the reduction in the net earned premium. There is a little accounting going on when we brought Gulf Re in, Vinay that – but roughly an additional $2 million of costs that come in more explicitly because Gulf Re is now a profit center in the reinsurance group versus before with more equity accounting, so a little of that sleight of hand. So to make a long story short, I would expect continued improvements on the cede commissions in insurance group and I would expect increasing management and flattening on the OpEx side.
Vinay Misquith: Thank you.
Dinos Iordanou: Let me give you also a little bit of the strategic view that we have when it comes to expenses. I said many, many times in many calls we are not willing to par with our underwriting capability. So we are going to maintain underwriters even if the market might cause us to reduce writings because we are going to maintain – there are two things we – the two religions [ph] we have is underwriting is discipline and complete commitment to our good people, especially on the underwriting side. Having said that, we expect our managers to chew gum and walk at the same time. And as a company, we have a very good turnover ratio, but still we have a turnover ratio which is around 11% on an annualized basis. So within that parameter, you try our non – what I would call our non-critical underwriting jobs to make adjustments on your expenses through natural attrition. And that’s been our philosophy from day one. A well-managed company plays with those parameters and makes the right judgments. And our people are very good and very flexible and they accept reassignments and we move them from one operating unit to another where the opportunities are plentiful, especially if we have the work in – we have to reduce volume. So we do a lot in the mix, I think Mark and you got into the minutia. You got into the nitty-gritty on the financials. But I want you to get the flavor of our philosophy and how we are going to operate the company.
Vinay Misquith: Sure, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Kumar with Macquarie Capital. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good morning to two Marks and one Dinos. Just very quickly going back to the realized losses line, did you talk about what exactly was going on in the Watford segment and why it had a realized loss?
Mark Lyons: No. I have not talked about that, but I think I will take that as a gas pedal. I guess a couple of things. First off as you know, we kind of report Watford’s results. We don’t drive Watford’s investment results. We are minority owners. But as far as the accounting world of it, they have elected the fair value option on investments. So in their line of realized gains or losses, it’s actually the sum of realized and unrealized gains embedded in there. So hopefully, you will find that helpful.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And then, for the ex-other segment, what did those realized losses stem from?
Mark Lyons: Well, that’s I would call harvesting or reverse harvesting, but it’s just your standard churn of fixed income and other investments that would have occurred throughout the course of the quarter.
Amit Kumar: Okay. I was just trying to figure out if there anything more going on, that’s helpful. The other question I had, going back to the – obviously, you have spent a lot of time discussing RateStar and you are correct, other competitors are talking about it and it’s similar to auto insurance where there is an early adopter advantage. Do you – how should we think about sort of the timeline here where you still have that early adopter’s advantage for some time before others catch up, is it fairly easy for them to sort of get up to speed as to what you are doing because it has been done before and it sort of puts you at parity at some point of time or is there so much of a separation that it will take a long period of time for the [indiscernible] or others to really catch up with you, how should we think about that?
Dinos Iordanou: The way you think about it, if you remain standing still, they are going to catch up to you. But we keep walking. I think as a matter of fact, we are – I hope our guys, they keep running because – and improving it. At the end of the day, it’s the – it’s good as your thought process, what kind of algorithms that you build into it, how much of empirical data and whatever database is that they give you predictive analytics you are incorporating. And this is not nuclear physics, we are not putting the next man in the moon, but it requires a lot of effort. I don’t know how quickly they can catch up. It depends on what kind of resources they throw at it. But I can tell you, it was not a small effort on our part. But we are behind it, we incurred the expense. We had a lot of our very senior guys working on it because both me and Marc Grandisson and Andrew and David Gansberg, we were very committed that, that’s still win for the future. So we made it a very senior priority within the group to do this. Then this is five quarters ago. This is not today. So Marc?
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think from our perspective, it is a competitive advantage. I want to say we were a first mover because you rightly pointed out that some others have done it, again no other competitors in fact. But clearly, this is creating, we think some breathing air or some headroom for us and at least know because of the fact that we are already have installed it. It’s being used by our clients. And we are actually going to be dynamic like Dinos said, going through the portfolio, analyze it and modify and adjust it as we go forward. So we feel pretty good where we are.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And then final question related to that, does the ratings downgrade of Genworth from S&P and Moody’s, does that create a meaningful opportunity for the marketplace, how should we think about that?
Dinos Iordanou: It’s too early to tell. So far, to my surprise Amit, hopefully a financial executive with average intelligence, I would have thought that credit on a credit business will have more of an effect as to who gets the business. But to my unpleasant surprise, it seems that a lot of the mortgage originators sometimes don’t care as to where they place the business, because at the end, they are not the counterparty, Fannie and Freddie is. But I don’t think that’s the wise choice for them to do. Over time I believe, that will have to have some effect, because why would you continue doing business with somebody with financially challenged and – but I leave that up to the market to determine.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Thanks for all the answers and good luck for the future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charles Sebaski with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Charles Sebaski: Good afternoon.
Dinos Iordanou: Hi, good afternoon.
Charles Sebaski: Double question on mortgage, how much of your business in 2015 was refi versus purchase?
Dinos Iordanou: Marc will give you that number in a minute. I think he can dig it up.
Charles Sebaski: I guess I just wonder on the U.S. side, if there is a potential slowdown on refis just due to how long interest rates have been down at this level if that’s at all a headwind for you guys in that business? And I guess...
Dinos Iordanou: I mean, refi creates more opportunities to write more insurance especially – and if you are penetrating the market will have an effect on us, because at the end of the day we like more refis along with new originations, but I don’t know. Well, Mark, do you have the number? We can always offline. Don Watson will give you the percentages. I don’t have all the books in front of me right now.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. Well, as – and then looking at that is the mortgage insurance part of the driver in the change of the effective tax rate this year? If you kind of look at 2015, a bit over 5%, is that a reasonable expectation for 2016 or going forward or does the growth in U.S. mortgage have a lifting effect on overall consolidated tax rate?
Dinos Iordanou: Lyons will give you the answer to that.
Mark Lyons: Yes, I love taxing questions. So Chuck, it’s a good point to bring up. It’s partially contributory. There is a lot of areas that in higher tax jurisdictions like that, that had very good results in the year, mortgage being one of them, our Arch Re facultative group, our Morristown Arch Re Co. operation and the core insurance operation. So a lot of that kind of skewed it. So as mortgage becomes a higher proportion of total and if we continue to have these margins, it will only creep up the effective tax rate keeping everything else constant. We don’t know what’s going to happen in the P&C dynamics.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. I guess and then finally, on the P&C side, on the programs, I think you said you had a large non-renewal of a program this quarter. And I wanted to kind of get your take on is there – is that a competitive reason? Is there – was that just an absolute result? I guess I am trying to get some insight on what’s going on, on the smaller account risk side of the insurance business, because a lot of competitors keep talking about that as a means to deal with the pricing in the large account space?
Mark Lyons: Right. Well, it’s good to be in a position where we have had it for years and years rather than trying to gain it. So, there is more renewals to us than new business to others. And in a tough market environment getting – to get on a new basis is a little tougher. Chuck, it was a program that was bought by a competitor. It was fairly large. It was, on an annualized basis, north of $80 million, hence $20 million in the quarter, roughly flat on it. And – but yes and we talked about action and other ones, but they – for calendar 2015, they were immaterial and this is one program that really affected it.
Charles Sebaski: Okay. I guess your competitors as well, what you guys unfortunately haven’t seen is some adverse development that in some of the lines. I was wondering if there is any comment on loss cost trend going on, on some of the longer tail liability lines. Have you seen any changes coming up or things kind of just status quo as they have been in the last few quarters?
Marc Grandisson: We have got very favorable loss cost ran across before. We do an analysis every year, which we had not anything in the data that makes us to change our expectation of loss cost trend. It’s still pretty low, but it’s very stable for last couple of years.
Mark Lyons: I mean, Chuck, as we talked about in the past, it really – it’s a different story by area, but Marc is right, across the board, weighted. We don’t see anything material happening. You probably saw that series class action suits, for example, that’s kind of returned to a long-term normal. It had been below normal, things like that. But luckily, we don’t seem to get hit by a lot of the SCAs. So, we will make them someone else’s problem.
Marc Grandisson: Yes.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, you’ve got the number? Charles, while I have you in, so I want to make sure I got the numbers right before I quote it. It was a market where it was mostly a purchase market, 75% purchase, 25% refi. The mortgage rates went up and it became more of a purchase market in the fourth quarter.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent. Thank you very much for the answers guys.
Dinos Iordanou: You are welcome.
Charles Sebaski: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks. Just a couple of numbers ones, if I could. In the mortgage – or I am sorry, in the reinsurance segment, Mark, could you quantify the impact of that tax item that you talked about in your script?
Mark Lyons: Yes. Well, that wasn’t really in the reinsurance segment. That was overall. That was $2.9 million, which I said was 26% of the total tax on pre-tax operating income. That’s because the effective tax rate is 5.1% for the year, it was less than that as of third quarter. We have to true it up. We have to bring them up to the same level.
Michael Nannizzi: Maybe we are getting our signals crossed. I think – I thought you said in the script that there was some settlements of some tax matter.
Mark Lyons: I am sorry. That’s – and we are not alone in this. So, you probably heard it on some other calls. It’s of the favorable tax ruling with regard to cascading FET where we had paid it in the past and then the favorable ruling came down, so there was a reimbursement associated with the prior cost expenditure.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And has that rolled up into the other operating or in the acquisition?
Mark Lyons: Well, there is some in insurance, there is some in reinsurance. It’s mostly in acquisition.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, okay. And then just trying to figure out like what we should be thinking about on the forward anyway we could sort of get some quantification of that?
Mark Lyons: Well, it was about $3 million and one-time.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, okay. And then sticking to reinsurance for a sec, the other operating expense there, I mean, how should we be thinking about that on the forward? I think – Dinos, I think you might have mentioned talking about redeploying folks from one place to another. You – if we continue to see the business there kind of recede just given a lack of opportunities there to invest, do you see that – is that an area where you would – where we would see that coming down or do you expect to maintain your infrastructure there?
Dinos Iordanou: You got to break it into components, right? You got to break it into components. So how much is internal expense and how much is commissions, ceding commissions, etcetera? You don’t write the business, you don’t have the ceding commission expense. Our intention is, and I have said it many times, and I know Marc Grandisson and I we see eye to eye to it, we have no intention for eliminating underwriting capabilities we have. I am not going to give my underwriters to the competition. So, we are going to maintain that, because our view of the market is more long-term than short-term. These are the same underwriters that generated significant profits for us when the market was good for reinsurance and that market will come back again to supply and demand and at some point in time, it will readjust. So from that perspective for you, when you are looking at your numbers, look at the operating expense, break it down into what’s internal versus external meaning ceding commissions and all that and the internal run-rate we are going to maintain, because I don’t expect us to reduce our underwriting capability.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And then just sort of thinking about the underlying loss ratio there in reinsurance, I mean, you saw year-over-year improvement despite some mix shift away from what I would guess are higher profitability property lines at least relative to the rest of the book. How should we think about that? I mean, was there anything sort of happened either in the quarter or the year just top of your mind, maybe Mark, just to help to support that result or do you feel like 2015 was sort of what it was and that’s a good starting point to think about for the future?
Mark Lyons: Well, there is always seasonality in the business firstly. So, you got to watch the serial comparison. But there is some of the mix differences. I mean, the facultative unit performed well as it generally does and the degree by which it varies quarter-by-quarter. But as Marc said, the property cat being deemphasized and if it continues where the margins are not, we are likely to continue in that way. So the third party businesses and the other opportunities that they have been getting, they are I will call out of the mainstream opportunities continue to be in the pipeline. So it’s a little hard because that it’s probably only half of the business. It’s probably what I would call standard business at this point. But I think fourth quarter is more of a reasonable go-forward.
Marc Grandisson: Yes. I think to further add to this, we are focusing on returns and always we have very, very agile underwriting teams across the platform in reinsurance enable to maneuver in and out of markets as they see the returns get better or worse. A great example, as I have mentioned in my notes, is the UK motor. It has a higher loss ratio component by virtue of being a quarter share. You’re not going to get a 20% loss ratio in that business under – unless there is under extreme circumstances. So we are expecting to have higher loss ratio. But in the end, we don’t really worry so much about the components of the loss or expense. We worry about the margin that we can derive from the business. And as I – I will echo with what Dinos has said, I mean we have a pretty decent agile team that’s able to seek and source and seek and capitalize on opportunities. And we have more, always.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. And then just maybe one last quick one if I could on the MI, can you breakdown how much of the action in your underwriting profitability has come from U.S. MI versus whether it’s reinsurance for the other business?
Mark Lyons: No. We generally don’t talk about that. We do it and we manage it in a total segment basis. So the whole strategy that Marc and his team, Andrew and his team has is they balance the mixture of that, but they have a common macroeconomic view and everything else. So we tend to look at it in totality and report it in totality.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Good morning, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. And long hour.
Dinos Iordanou: No, go ahead, we got plenty of time.
Josh Shanker: I am done. The Australian business, how should we think about revenue going forward for the Australian business?
Marc Grandisson: It’s hard for me to tell what’s going to happen. It’s an ongoing – the relationship that we have established as we mentioned for last year has been very fruitful – the quarter share agreements that we have with one of the major lenders down under. We have – it’s ongoing. There are things going on down under as you know, various options that we are looking at. So it’s really hard for me to tell you how it’s going to go for the next year.
Dinos Iordanou: It won’t be any less, but we can – we don’t know, hard to say what the new opportunities are, because we are engaged in a lot of discussions that sometimes they bear fruit and sometimes they don’t.
Josh Shanker: Is it going to be lumpy by necessity?
Dinos Iordanou: No. It will be steady. Lumpy on the upside if we get – if we do other transactions, but – and if we interrupt a relationship, it can be lumpy on the downside, but we don’t anticipate that.
Marc Grandisson: I think I will – Josh, I will say it’s going to be lumpy on the written base because the business in Australia has written all upfront. The earnings is going to take years to go, so a bit more stability on the earnings over time, but the written yes rightfully could be very lumpy.
Mark Lyons: And just to reemphasize and clarify that Josh, because I think it’s easy to get some confusion. That deal is not a single upfront premium like in the totality to the exposure. Instead, it’s a single premium market in Australia. So you are going to have – there is no monthlies really. So it’s going to be a series of singles that come out through month by month by month that come in and we will record accordingly. It’s not an upfront number.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s quite mortgage by mortgage by mortgage by mortgage. And you are earning that over the duration of that. And it’s a long duration, 7 years, 8 years, 9 years.
Josh Shanker: Very good. And on Watford – and I don’t know enough about the investment strategy at Watford, it look like the investments had a good quarter last quarter, now we are in this bumpy market right now, how should market volatility affect investment results at Watford?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I mean we don’t make those decisions, Highbridge makes that. But in essence, their approach hasn’t changed. I know when the spreads have widened they are going to take marks. But they feel comfortable with the quality of the portfolio and the embedded yield, which is in the 7% and higher. And now it will be a question as to where the economy goes and would they have any defaults in it, but we don’t see – based on our reviews that we get on a quarterly basis as 11% owners, we don’t see a significant risk to that. They analyze every investment one by one and they put probabilities of default and recoveries. And it depends on where the economy goes. But if they can’t – if we don’t have a recession, I think they are in good shape.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks. Two quick mortgage questions, if I can. First, if you look over, I don’t know fourth quarter conference call, a lot of Bermudans are talking about mortgage reinsurance, are we seeing – are you seeing a more competitive market in general for that?
Dinos Iordanou: A little bit more, but I don’t think it’s the competition. It’s more participation and a lot of that we see in the bulk transactions, the GSEs. They are purchasing now for the 20% to 40% down payment. This is the 60 to 80 LTV business that the GSEs buy through the [indiscernible] and Connecticut Avenue Security transactions in the market. And you have a broader participation there by other reinsurance. And of course, some of the MIs that they needed to comply with the PMIER capital requirements, they might have done some transactions in order for them to come up to the capital standards that they need to prove to the GSEs that they are complying. But I don’t see a major change of that going forward. I think most of that participation is going to happen on the bulk transactions. Marc, anything else you want to add to it?
Marc Grandisson: I agree with you, agreed.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. Well said.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then second, as I get that mortgage LE’s written premium growth is going to be lumpy, but as we see better market conditions there than in insurance and reinsurance, does that have an impact on the investment portfolio, does that give you even more room for longer term investing philosophy?
Mark Lyons: Yes. I would say Meyer, that it’s a function of the duration of the aggregate portfolio at that point in time. So I would say as it becomes a higher proportion of total, it’s going to inch up the duration that – on it and therefore have it matching on it on the investment side.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect.
Dinos Iordanou: Our investment philosophy is basically on the liability side of the business, we match durations with those liabilities. And on the shareholder capital, we have a view that it can be very short is a zero duration all the way up to 5 years duration depending how our investment committee and the Board believes the market conditions dictate. And right now, on the shareholder capital, we are about neutral. So our duration is what, 3.6, Marc?
Marc Grandisson: 3.4.
Dinos Iordanou: 3.4 and our duration of our liabilities is not that different from that. So we are kind of neutral where we are today. But we can elongate that or go short on that depending what we do with the shareholders’ equity capital.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Carletti with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Matt Carletti: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I just had a follow-up on Amit’s question on the realized losses in the quarter. Mark, that’s really helpful, the kind of color on the other segment and how Watford treats it, but I guess my question is on the subtotal of the operating segments. It’s still a pretty big number in the quarter relative to history at least, particularly in a quarter where equities are up, so I am just wondering is there any OTTI to note there or performance of alternatives or was it just kind of more very run-of-the-mill?
Dinos Iordanou: No, our OTTI was very small for the quarter. It was in the single millions of dollars. It’s – we have a total return philosophy. And our portfolio trades quite a bit and sometimes you are going to see realized losses coming through, because they might be repositioning the portfolio from one security to another and we take those marks, where other companies when they buy in whole, they might have more unrealized marks where we might have more realized.
Mark Lyons: There has also been a purposeful repositioning of the portfolio. You probably noticed that – not just the movement into U.S. corporates and municipals, but a de-emphasis of mortgage-backed securities and commercial mortgage-backed securities and so forth. So, we just compare it year-over-year. So, Dinos’ point is right. As you know, as you make these decisions in insurance, you are moving them into the bucket of just marks that will be unrealized, but that’s done with the thought of the future view of the portfolio returns.
Matt Carletti: Yes, that makes sense. That makes perfect sense. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, thank you all for listening to us. And we are looking forward to talking with you in the next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou - Chief Executive Officer Mark Lyons - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Sarah DeWitt - JPMorgan Vinay Misquith - Sterne Agee Jay Gelb - Barclays Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Meyer Shields - KBW Jay Cohen - Bank of America Brian Meredith - UBS Ryan Burns - Janney Rob Path - Wells Fargo Securities Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Quarter Three 2015 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Emma and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statement in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. And now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Please proceed.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you, Emma. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Our third quarter earnings were driven by solid reporter underwriting results while investment returns were impacted by decline in the equity markets. Group-wide and on a constant dollar basis our gross written premium increased by nearly 4% in the third quarter over the same period in 2014 while net written premium was up approximately 1% as underwriting actions in our insurance and reinsurance business were offset by growth in our mortgage business. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced our net written premium on a U.S. dollar basis by approximately $21 million or approximately 2.4% of our volume in the quarter. On an operating basis we earned $126 million or $1.1 per share for the third quarter which produced an annualized return on equity of 8.6% for the 2015 third quarter versus 9.7% return on equity in the third quarter of 2014. Looking at it from a trailing 12-months ending in September 30, 2015, after tax operating income available to Arch common shareholders produced a 9.9% return on average common equity while net income available to common shareholders produced 11.6% return on average common equity. On a net income basis Arch earned $0.60 per share this quarter which was lower than operating income primarily due to realized investment losses. Net income movement on a quarterly basis can be more volatile as these earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and realized gains and losses in our investment portfolio. Our reported underwriting results remained satisfactory as reflected in our combined ratio of 89.7 and were aided by a low level of catastrophe losses and continue favorable loss reserve development. Net investment income per share for the quarter was $0.54 per share up $0.01 sequentially from the second quarter of 2015. The strengthening of U.S. Dollar impacted total return on the company’s investment portfolio which declined 31 basis points for the 2015 third quarter. Our operating cash flow excluding Watford Re was $359 million in the third quarter as compared to $319 million in the same period a year earlier primarily reflecting a higher level of premium collections. Our book value per common share at September 30, 2015 was at $47.68 per share a slight increase from the second quarter of 2015 and an increase of 8.3% from September 30, 2014. With respect to capital management, we continue to have capital in excess over our target levels, however we did not find many opportunities to repurchase shares in the third quarter that would meet our previously stated criteria for share repurchases. As you may recall, our philosophy with respect to share repurchases is based on the relationship of expected returns to the premium to book-value with the exception that we could earn the premium back over a reasonable period of time. Considering the underwriting environment we’re operating in, and the returns we’re achieving, we believe that it would take more than three years to recover the premium paid. With respect to overall market conditions, reinsurance industry pricing remains under pressure. Today we have not yet seen significant erosion in the insurance business with the exception of certain lines which I will discuss in a moment. We believe however that the ability to buy reinsurance by us and our competitors on favorable terms will eventually lead to more competitive conditions across the insurance industry in the future. As we have discussed in prior calls, there are several areas in the insurance sectors that are experiencing increasingly more price competition. They are E&S property global property large accounts professional liability lines including D&O especially in the foreign markets as well as marine, aviation and energy, business lines, in which we continue to reduce our exposure and our participation. Turning back to our quarterly results. The insurance segment, gross written premiums on a constant dollar basis grew 5.6% and 2.8% on a net written basis in the quarter over the same time period in 2014 with most of the growth coming from our construction and national accounts, travel, and accident and health business units. Mark will comment further on premium volume in a few minutes. In our reinsurance segment, we responded to soft underwriting conditions by reducing gross written premiums on a constant dollar basis by approximately 2% over the same period over a year ago. Increased sessions primarily to Watford Re in the quarter led a further reduction in our net written premium, also on a constant dollar basis of 6% for the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Our mortgage segment includes primary mortgage insurance written through Arch M.I. in the U.S. reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk written globally as well as GSE credit risk-sharing transactions. Beginning in 2015 third quarter the current quarter, new credit risk transactions now follow insurance accounting which Mark will discuss in a few minutes. Gross written premium in the mortgage segment were $74.7 million in the third quarter of 2015 or 12.5% increase than in the same quarter in 2014 driven primarily by growth in Australian mortgage reinsurance premium along with Arch participation on GSE credit risk-sharing transactions. Net written premium grew 14.3% over the same period to $66.4 million as we retained a higher percentage of Australian business written in 2015. Our U.S. mortgage insurance operations produced approximately half of the segment’s net written premium in the third quarter with 24 million coming from the Credit Union channel and approximately 8 million of premium written from the bank channel. Of note this quarter, underwriting income for the U.S. operations move into the positive territory with about $2 million of underwriting income in the quarter reflecting the slow by steady progress we’re making in this area. We continue to make progress in the expansion of the bank channel as Arch M.I. has approved 835 master policy applications from banks and more than 350 of these banks have submitted loans to Arch M.I. in for underwriting. In the third quarter of 2015, we reached a modest milestone when new insurance written within the bank channel of 1.8 billion surpassed our Credit Union production of 1.4 billion of new insurance written. While we continue to see good opportunities in mortgage reinsurance, the GSE risk-sharing transactions issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are becoming an important component of our mortgage segments’ revenues. We pioneer one of the first of these structures over two years ago by building upon the expertise of our mortgage team and working with GSEs to provide insurance coverage. Since we’re talking about innovation in the sector, it might be worth a minute now to discuss the introduction of RateStar to mortgage lenders last week. We began this project approximately five quarters ago with a goal to develop a more robust re-space pricing tool that in many ways would parallel what we do across our entire enterprise and is a hallmark of the Arch underwriting group approach. To us, the current rate card approach which uses just two factors, FICO scores and loan to value ratios while very important variables over simplified ratio. Our team reviewed very rich proprietary data that we acquire from PMI and other available industry data that would allow us to establish an appropriate price for the risk exposures assumed. RateStar will enable us to more effectively allocate capital and calculate the appropriate re-space re-trends on mortgage insurance at the individual loan level. While these may be relatively recent innovation for the mortgage insurance industry with United Guaranty, the first to introduce a re-space pricing tool, this approach has been utilized in our other lines of business within Arch for many years. As many of you know, the return on re-space capital serves as the basis of our incentive compensation plan. Our underwriters are paid on the basis of what profit they produce on allocated capital. We’re pleased that we’re now at the point where we are making the appropriate filings and we’re appropriate seek and regulatory approval for mortgage insurance and expect to introduce this into the marketplace during December of 2015. Let me now turn back to the overall market conditions across all of our markets, insurance, reinsurance and mortgage, conditions are competitive to varying degrees. However, Arch diversified mix of business and our willingness to exercise underwriting discipline should allow us to continue to generate acceptable returns. Group-wide, we believe that on an expected basis that the present value ROE on the business we have written this year, we will continue to produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 10% to 12% on allocated capital. Before I turn it over to Mark, I will also like to discuss our PMLs. As usual I would like to point out that the CAT PML’s aggregates reflect business bound through October 1, while the premium numbers included in our financial statements are through September 30 and that the PMLs are reflected net of reinsurance and retrocession. As of October 1, 2015 our largest 250 year PML for a single event remains Northeast at $509 million or approximately 9% of common shareholders’ equity. Our Gulf of Mexico PML decreased to $473 million as of October 1, and our Florida Tri-County PML also decreased to $414 million. I will now turn it over to Mark to comment further on our financial results. And after his comments, we will come back and take your questions. Mark?
Mark Lyons: Great, thank you, Dinos and good morning all. As was true on last quarter’s call, and the last few quarters, my comments that follow today are on a pure Arch basis which excludes the other segment that being Watford Re unless otherwise noted. So, same as in previous call, I would be using the terms core to denote results without Watford Re and just on consolidated when discussing results that includes Watford Re. Okay, the core combined ratio for this quarter was 89.7% with 2.3 points of current accident-year CAT-related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to the 2014 third quarter combined ratio of 88.5% which reflected a lower level of CAT at 1.6 points. Losses reported in the third quarter from 2015 catastrophic events, net of reinsurance recoverable or reinstatement premiums totaled 18.8 million versus 14.2 million in the corresponding quarter last year, primarily emanated from Chilean Earthquakes and the California fires along with various smaller events. The 2015 third quarter core combined ratio reflect 7.1 points of prior year net favorable development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 8 points even of prior period favorable development on the same basis in 2014 third quarter. This result in a core accident quarter combined ratio excluding CATs for the third quarter of 94.5% compared to 94.9% in the third quarter of last year. In the insurance segment, the 2015 accident quarter combined ratio excluding CATs was 95.8% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 98% even a year-ago. This 220-basis point improvement was driven by 150-bp reduction in the loss ratio and the 70-basis point reduction in the expense ratio with the loss ratio decrease reflecting lower large loss attritional activity than was the case in the third quarter of last year. Taking this into account the insurance segment accident quarter loss ratio was slightly higher this quarter versus the third quarter of 2014. The reinsurance segment 2015 accident quarter combined ration again excluding CATs was 94.6% compared to 90.6% in the 2014 third quarter. As noted in prior quarters the reinsurance segments results reflect changes in the mix of premiums earned including a continued lower contribution from property catastrophe and other property businesses. This quarter most of the combined ratio increased relative to the third quarter of 2014, stemmed from the expense ratio and from a marginally higher level of larger attritional losses. The mortgage segment 2015, accident quarter combined ratio excluding cash was 82.5% compared to 88% for the third quarter of 2014. This decrease is predominantly driven by the continued low level of reported delinquencies benefiting the loss ratio associated with the CMG business we acquired in 2014 along with excellent credit experience to date on business risen since the acquisition. Some of the benefit of the CMG businesses offset by the contingent consideration earn-out mechanism negotiated within the purchase agreement. As we commented on last quarter, an accident quarter approach to the mortgage business is not had the same meaning it does on the PC side because of the way the business works in the way the economy works. The insurance segment accounted for roughly 16% of the total net favorable development this quarter and was primarily driven by medium and longer-tailed lines predominantly from the 2007 to 2012 accident years. The reinsurance segment accounted for approximately 78% of the total net favorable development in the quarter excluding associated impact on acquisition expenses with approximately 39% of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines concentrated in the more recent underwriting years and the balance due to net favorable development on longer-tailed lines predominantly from underwriting year 2009 and prior. The remaining 6% of the net favorable development emanated from the mortgage segment which reflects the continued improvement in the U.S. book delinquency rate. Approximately two-thirds of our core 7.3 billion of total net reserves per losses and loss adjustment expense are IBNR and additional case reserves which still continues to remain fairly consistent across both reinsurance and insurance segments. The core expense ratio for the third quarter of 2015 was 34.2% versus the prior year’s comparative quarter expense ratio of 33.5% partially driven by a 3.6% decrease in net earned premiums that I will discuss each segment expenses shortly. The insurance segment’s expense ratio decreased 70 basis points to an even 31.0% for the quarter compared to 31.7% a year-ago. The net acquisition ratio decreased 90 basis points whereas the operating expense ratio increased by only 20 basis points. The insurance segment net acquisition ratio reduction continues to reflect materially improved pre-ceding commissions on an earned basis associated with core share contract ceded. It’s important to note however that on a written basis, the front-end gross commission ratio worldwide actually decreased 50 basis points, whereas the average quarterly share cede commission ratio improved a substantial 260 basis points which as you will recall as identical to the benefit achieved last quarter. These overall net acquisition improvements however will continue to be felt as these ceded written premiums are earned over the next few quarters. The reinsurance segment’s expense ratio increased from 32.6% in the third quarter of third quarter 2014 to 35.6% this quarter primarily due to a 12.2% lower level of net earned premium, a higher level of precede commissions and a slight increase operating expenses, although serially the expenses actually dropped compared to last quarter. The net acquisition ratio increased 100 basis points due to market forces, whereas the 200 basis points increased in the operating expense ratio is almost exclusively driven by net earned premium reduction mentioned earlier. As I commented on last quarter, separating components of expense ratio could be a little bullish because of the accounting does not go back and reflect the reimbursement of operating expenses contemplated in the cede commission itself. The ratio of net premiums to gross premiums on our core operations in the quarter was 73.1% versus 75.5% a year ago. The insurance segment had a 72.2% ratio compared to 74.2% a year earlier whereas the reinsurance segment had a net to gross ratio of 72% in the quarter compared to 75.8% a year ago, primarily reflecting increased sessions to Watford Re as a reinsure. Our U.S. insurance operation saw a 60-basis point effective rate decrease this quarter, net of ceded reinsurance. As commented on the last couple of quarters the pricing environment is quite different for short-tailed versus longer-tailed lines as Dinos also referred to. Our short-tailed first party lines of business had an effective 4.4% rate decrease for the quarter compared to a 30-basis point effective rate increase for the longer-tailed third party lines both on a net-of-ceded reinsurance basis. Looking more deeply, some lines incurred rate reductions such as an 8.9% decrease in property and an 8.1% decrease in high capacity D&O business, while others enjoy healthy increases such as plus 6% in our lower capacity D&O lines, and a 4.1% increase in our program business. Also as our lower capacity D&O lines have now achieved 17 consecutive quarters of rate increases. Now turning to our continuing market cycle management, the insurance group worldwide reduced gross written premiums in the highly competitive and volatile lines of E&S Property and Global Property by 12% and Energy and Marine by 15% quarter-over-quarter. By contrast, lower volatility lines have contract binding and travel expanded north of 20% on a gross basis partially offset by a decline in program business due to purposeful underwriting actions. As stated in last quarter’s call, some volume impacts were a result of underwriting actions taken on two programs, whereas another program administrator has been purchased by a competitor and the premium loss impacts will be felt beginning next quarter. Lastly, as Dinos has already stated, the insurance segment’s construction business saw growth this quarter. However, much of this book has project policies and odd time policy terms which can result in lumpy premium volume quarter to quarter. The reinsurance group only had 9% of its net earned premium represented by property CAT this quarter. And property CAT net written premiums were reduced by another 11% quarter-over-quarter reflecting our view of that marketplace. Additionally, the property other than property CAT line had a net written premium decrease of roughly 6% this quarter, and the reinsurance group also reduced net volume again in motor quota share and crop hale by approximately 20% is response to market conditions. The mortgage segment posted a 75.2% combined ratio for the calendar quarter, the expense ratio was as expected continues to be high as the operating ratio related to our U.S. primary operation will continue to be elevated until proper scale is achieved. The net written premiums of 66.8 million a quarter is driven by the 31.2 million from our U.S. primary operation and 35.6 million of net written premiums from our reinsurance mortgage operations primarily. This segment also had 3.6 million of other underwriting income for the quarter versus approximately 1 million in the comparative quarter last year due to our GSE credit risk-sharing transactions. This quarter marks the first time that we have reflected some mortgage risk sharing transactions with insurance accounting rather that derivative accounting treatment. The net written premium this quarter under insurance accounting totaled 2.2 million or as legacy risk-sharing transactions shall continue to be accounted for as derivatives. That is reported in other underwriting income. One should also note that mortgage reinsurance premium growth is driven by the fact that the Australian business is a single premium market as supposed to the United States which is predominantly a monthly premium market. At September 30, 2015, our total mortgage segment risk-in-force of $10.3 billion which includes $6.5 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operation, $3 billion even through worldwide reinsurance operation and approximately $800 million primarily compared of the GSE risk-sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage operation is down $3.2 billion of new insurance written down in the quarter which was approximately 57% through the bank channel and 43% via Credit Union clients. The weighted average FICO score for the U.S. primary portfolio remains strong at 735 and a weighted average loan to value ratio held steady at 93.2%. Those states risk-in-force represents more than 9% of the portfolio and our U.S. primary mortgage insurance company is operating at an estimated 10.2:1 risk to capital ratio as of the end of September. The other segment that being Watford Re, reported a 99.4% combined ratio for the quarter on a $125 million of net written premiums and $99.2 million of net earned premiums. As a reminder, these premiums reflect 100% of the business assumed rather than simply Arch’s approximate 11% common share interest. As for business sourcing approximately 29% of the $131 million in gross written premiums this quarter was written directly on Watford paper with the remainder ceded by Arch affiliates. It should be noted however that this sourcing mix can vary materially quarter-to-quarter. The total return on our investment portfolio was reported negative 31 basis points on U.S. dollar basis this quarter primarily reflecting declines in most areas other than investment grade fixed income. Total return was negatively impacted from the strengthening U.S. Dollar on most of our foreign denominated investments. Excluding foreign exchange, total return was a positive 4 bps in the quarter. On a year-to-date nine-month perspective, total return was a positive 76 bps on a U.S. Dollar basis and a positive 173 bps excluding the effects of foreign exchange. Our embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.1% as of September 30, compared to 2.18% at December 31, 2014. While the duration of the portfolio lengthened slightly to 3.42 years. The current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rates in the current yield environment and tactical moves in the fixed income portfolio. Reported net investment income in the quarter was $0.54 a share or $67.3 million versus $0.53 a share in this 2014 third quarter or $72.2 million. As always, we evaluate investment performance on a total return basis and as such invest in asset sectors which may not generate above the line net investment income. Interest expense for the quarter on a core basis was $12 million, which is more consistent with our normal quarterly run-rate versus last quarter and the third quarter of 2014 that were effected by periodic adjustments for certain loss portfolio transfer. Our effective tax rate on our pre-tax operating income available to Arch shareholders for the third quarter was an expense of 5.7% compared to an expense of 2.5% in the third quarter of 2014. Approximately $1.8 million or 22% of this quarter’s tax represents a true-up to bring the first half of the year to this now higher effective tax rate. Reflecting this, the nine-month or annualized effective tax rate is 4.5% on pre-tax operating income. As always demonstrated this quarter, fluctuations and the effective tax rate can result from variability and a relative mix of income or loss that occurs or was projected by jurisdiction. Our total capital was $7.05 billion at the end of this quarter, which is virtually flat with total capital as of June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Approximately $522 million remains under our existing buyback authorization as of the end of this quarter. Our debt-to-capital ratio remains low at 12.6% and debt plus hybrids represents only 17.2% of our total capital which still continues to give us significant financial flexibility. And as Dinos has mentioned we continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. Book value per share was $47.68 at the end of the quarter up 4.6% relative to the end of the year of 2014. This change in book value per share this quarter primarily reflects the company’s continued strong underwriting results. With that said, we’re now happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Amit Kumar: Thanks, and good morning and congrats on the quarter.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Amit.
Amit Kumar: Just maybe one or, I guess one or two questions. Number one is, going back to the discussion on RateStar there was some confusion in the marketplace when the press release came out, as to what it means for pricing and your competition. Can you talk a little more about it and without obviously giving away the secret sauce, talk about the expected ROEs? And maybe talk about how should we think about the adoption rate of RateStar going forward? Thanks.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, as Coca-Cola who’ll never reveal their formula, we won’t reveal our formula either. But at the end of the day, we’re in the underwriting business and I think the more robust analytics you have in the way you allocate capital and price, the risk of exposure, the better off you are as an organization. So, this effort is towards that goal. We’re trying to go from a more simplistic approach to pricing mortgage risk to something a bit more sophisticated that we introduce other variables in the decision making, in essence affecting the pricing. Now, it doesn’t mean we’re going to abandon the rate card. The rate card is out there and the there is some bank channels, some customers they prefer that. And basically they will only do business on that basis. We will continue to do that but also there is other channels that they prefer to go to a more sophisticated pricing methodology that more appropriately allocates the right premium to the exposure. And we’re going to go forward with that where appropriate. So, you want to continue to see us having both the rate card and RateStar and only the marketplace will tell us as to how much of which is going to be used over time.
Amit Kumar: Got it, that’s helpful. The only other question I have is going back to the discussion on capital management. And again, it’s a high-quality problem. I’m not sure the capital is burning a hole in your pocket. Would you consider other avenues to return capital or are we not there yet? How should we think about that?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I mean, that’s the million-dollar question. At the end of the day, yes, we always consider other avenues. Having said that, there is also, we are known that you might want to have a little bit of ammunition in case opportunities come as the market turns. So, it’s more of a complicated issue for us. What was not complicated in this quarter was that, we usually stick to our knitting, and when we made the calculations we felt that it might take four to five years to earn back the premium we’re going to pay when we purchase shares. And we said, let’s not do that let’s see what other opportunities we have or other avenues. Having said that, we’re going to have those discussions, both internally as a management team and also with our board when we meet, and we’ll make determinations on that time.
Amit Kumar: Okay, fair enough. That’s all I have. Thanks for the answers.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks so much. Just couple of hopefully quick ones, on the U.S., on the M.I. business, can you talk about how much of your NIW in the quarter was singles versus monthly premium?
Dinos Iordanou: Mark, you have those numbers.
Mark Lyons: Yes, it is approximately 24% other than singles.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And the RateStar is relevant to the monthly business I take it?
Mark Lyons: Yes, predominantly yes.
Dinos Iordanou: You can apply them both sides. I mean, it’s because even when you do singles, you have, you get granular mortgage by mortgage attributes. So you can apply that. But at the end of the day, it is, when you go to single, you try to look at your return, what kind of a price you’re going to get and that’s why you saw a significant reduction in us, for the quarter as to how much we wrote in singles.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then, if we were to think about the lead RateStar versus the rate card, what demographic - I mean, I’m guess for some types of business it’s going to be cheaper and for others it’s not going to be. So is there, like is there any way to kind of think about?
Dinos Iordanou: This type of business is exposure, Michael; it’s exposure. Let me turn it over to you and you tell me the difference, if you have, if you have two loans the both 750 FICO and 90 LTV, but one borrower has a coverage ratio of 35 and the other one 25, which one loan would you prefer right. And at the end, how do you reflect that in your pricing. I’m not going to get into all the algorithms that we have because then it’s not only you listening, our competitors are listening, so.
Michael Nannizzi: I understand.
Dinos Iordanou: But introducing additional variables, you’ve seen it in the a lot of other P&C lines, you’ve seen it a lot on the selection of risk in the automobile business, progressive is very good and famous for its Geico, etcetera. And at the end it makes for a better return for shareholders and probably a fairer charge to the consumer based on their own risk characteristics.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, okay. And so, just last one on that not about the algorithm. But for the players or for your customers that do accept or prefer RateStar, have you seen a meaningful change in submission volume?
Dinos Iordanou: We haven’t yet introduced it to them. We finished the project we made the press release that’s why I talked about it. And our sales force is in discussions with the marketplace, and starting to introduce it. At the end of the day, we’re going to continue having both rating engines available and it would be up to our customers to choose which one they prefer.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Thank you so much for that Dinos, I appreciate it. And then really quick, Mark, on I was just looking at Watford written premiums versus reinsurance ceded premiums, and there is a sort of growing gap there. Are you, is Watford or is the insurance sub or segment ceding business to Watford or is Watford picking up business from outside of Arch as the difference?
Mark Lyons: Well, as I commented on a gross basis, just a way to look at it, 29% of it is coming natively on their paper. But we’re continuing to get Arch Re affiliates and Arch Insurance to be sending over either a retro session or reinsurance. And I think this quarter that was slightly more proportionately from the insurance segment.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Okay. And then the last one on the reinsurance expense ratio, just trying to sort of think about that a little bit. So, it sounds like the expense ratio to procure businesses for reinsurance is going up, so that’s a prior tailwind to the insurance expense ratio. But so that’s going to raise the acquisition cost I guess for reinsurance but then you have an offset from Watford because I’m guessing the same dynamic exists between Watford and the reinsurance company. How should we think about, do those things neutralize each other or is there more of a headwind or more of a tailwind from those sort of inter-company transactions?
Mark Lyons: Your observations are right. The net impact is really market force driven. And there is some element of Watford that it’s reflected on the fees, it’s reflected in acquisition expense. So, as Watford continues to grow that will become sessions that will continue to be more meaningful as it offset, which I think the question you were asking. It’s probably close to neutralizing but not quite. You still could perhaps see a net increase but nowhere near the increase it, would be without the existence of this.
Dinos Iordanou: Let me add something to your question from a different perspective. At the end of the day I, our intellectual factory that produces great results is the underwriting talent that we have within the reinsurance groups. And this management team, me down to Grandisson and Lyons and Papadopoulo etcetera, we strongly believe that we have very good underwriters, talented underwriters and independent if the market might not allow us to utilize them at a 120%, which we usually do. But we’re not willing to send those underwriters back into the marketplace for our competitors to hire, etcetera. So, I never saw a company have problems because their expense ratio went up maybe a point or two, I’ve seen all companies having a lot of difficulty when their loss ratio balloons by 5, 10, 15 or 20 points. So you got to understand that’s our philosophy. Yes, we expect our managers to manage expenses and there is attrition within the organization. But we’re not willing to let go good talent just because we can utilize the factory at full capacity. That to us, the underwriting step we have is our intellectual factor that produces the profit and I’m going to hold on to that.
Mark Lyons: And one of the technical points Michael is, what Dinos just talked about is the core principle really for us. But on the technical side, yes, little bit of a difference in shift, the treaty business is falling off a bit more and whereas the facultative is not. And that has a direct sales force. So you get a little bit of that waiting pushing it up as well.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, thank you both so much for the answers really appreciate it.
Dinos Iordanou: Quite welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Hi, thanks. So, Dinos, your point I guess on the tiered pricing is that, it allows to better risk selection that makes sense. But there still seems to be a concern in the market I guess if you look on some that acted in the past week or so, that if you’re successful at implementing tiered pricing, competitors may follow. And that would then lead to broader pricing pressures. And I guess, I’m just curious if that’s also a concern of yours and do you think more to your pricing in general for the industry could lead to the pricing pressure?
Dinos Iordanou: I don’t believe we will, because the other factor you haven’t factored in. This was expected returns different us and our competitors are looking for. So, better selection doesn’t mean that you have lowered your return expectations. All you’re doing is pricing more appropriately to the type of exposures you’re getting. This is not about reducing pricing in the marketplace this is about assigning the right price to the right exposure. And at the end of the day our return characteristics, they’re no different if we use the rate card or RateStar. So, having that mind, it would tell you that basically the whole effort was to improve how we think from an underwriting point of view not to gain market share of some people, I heard comments to that effect, if we wanted to do market share or reduced prices, the easiest way to do is to take the right card and you shave a few bps in each one of the category. And I don’t have to be spending a lot of brain power with a lot of our people over number of thousands of man hours in developing something that is more sophisticated. So, I think there was misunderstanding in the marketplace but eventually for those who know Arch and know our underwriting approach, they will understand that at the end of the day we’re trying to be better in the way we’re going to select and price risk appropriately, which is the foundation of this company.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. So, I guess my follow-up then is just talking about signing the right rate to the right exposure. And doing that is, is there a segment of the marketplace that you envision Arch M.I. becoming quite a bit less competitive in that comes to mind?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, there are going to be segments, which are going to become more competitive and segments which are going to get less competitive. If you expect a certain return from the pie and now the pie is cut a little differently, you’re going to have the pluses and the minuses. Now, the question is, are you getting a lot more on the pluses and lot less on the minuses, which and what kind of return you’re going to have with that, only time would tell but when we were comfortable with our ability to price the exposures better by using more variables at just FICO score and LTV.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks Dinos, good luck.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sarah DeWitt from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sarah DeWitt: Hi, good morning.
Dinos Iordanou: Good morning, Sarah.
Sarah DeWitt: The GSE growth opportunity sounds pretty interesting for you. How would you think about sizing that and if we look out over the next five years, what percent of overall earnings you think that could be?
Dinos Iordanou: Mark, do you want to take a shot at that, I mean?
Mark Lyons: Over the next five years, my crystal ball doesn’t go in five months. But still, it is, we do feel it as a positive opportunity. And I think one way you should think about it is that the advent now of Fannie joining Freddie on this, and it seems that because they’re expanding and looking for others to participate in this, they’re going through the efforts of establishing broader market, which gives credence to the fact that they’re here to stay, it’s not just a transitional thing. So, with Freddie continuing to do this and Fannie continuing to do this, we do think it’s an exciting opportunity. And so, it’s definitely going to be a growing piece. Now, as long as pricing stays sane, we will continue to be participants in that growing marketplace. So far on the Fannie deals, they’ll all had the same structure they’ve all been 2.5 points excess of a 0.5 point on subject loans that are out there. This is why it’s difficult, we don’t know how those structures are going to change over time, how they’re going to be, higher attachment, lower attachment, so it’s very difficult to put your thumb on volume level and how much of these are going to be pushed out into the marketplace. But we view it as an exciting opportunity for us.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, and they might change to go to first loss or, right now, it’s excess of loss so using insurance terms. But this is an evolving area but the demand is robust.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. Thanks. And just on M.I. broadly are you able to be more competitive on price because you have a diversification advantage versus your model line competitors or is that not a consideration?
Dinos Iordanou: That is not a consideration.
Sarah DeWitt: Great, thank you.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith from Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Vinay Misquith: Hi, good morning.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I didn’t know you changed your name Vinay.
Vinay Misquith: Well, the first question is on the RateStar once again. So what percentage of lenders do you think will use RateStar and is it the smaller lenders versus the larger lenders?
Dinos Iordanou: On your first question, I don’t have a clue. I can’t even project that. On the second question, I would say, most likely the small lenders would be more adapting to the RateStar than the larger lenders because the larger lenders they like their more simplicity of the rate card and they have a lot of power in the marketplace etcetera. Small vendors, they’re trying to find niches so they can penetrate the market. So, but that’s purely forward guesses on my part, only time will tell once we introduce this here.
Vinay Misquith: Okay. So that means that this thing would take some traction to get through just because the larger lenders I guess make up bigger portion of the total business, correct?
Dinos Iordanou: That’s correct.
Vinay Misquith: Okay. And I mean, my view of this was that the higher FICO scores were subsidizing the lower FICO scores. And so, the new rate, from the RateStar will sort of reduce pricing for the FICO scores and raise pricing for the lower FICO scores. Do you worry that since 60% of your business in the higher FICO score business that this could lead to higher competition amongst peers and sort of reduce the profitability for the larger pieces of the business?
Dinos Iordanou: No, you’re going in the wrong direction Vinay. If it was just FICO scores, you don’t need to go and make all these efforts to create a RateStar with multiple algorithms. It’s rather characteristics. There is rich data in the loans being provided to us by the lenders. Who is the borrower with co-borrower, what locations they have, blah, blah, blah, I’m not going to get into all of the stuff that within. If it was purely FICO score, you don’t need to make, you have LTV and you have FICO score, and then if you want to make higher FICO scores cheaper, you take a few points of your rate card and you accomplish that. So, that’s not what it’s all about. I’m surprised as to how much confusion is in the minds of people as to what this is all about. This is a product that it will allow us to take other characteristics of the loan and find what we believe is a more appropriate price for the exposure that we’re assuming.
Mark Lyons: Yes, Vinay, this is just a more sophisticated class rated plan, just like we have on the PC side in analogy. But let’s not lose the fact that it’s already been discrimination between risk with each M.I. of, I’ll use your example of high FICO people. The analogy is schedule rating, you have a file planned to have scheduled rating, where you can deviate for individual risk characteristics. And I think that’s been pretty meaningful up to 20% or 25% to reflect characteristic lead risk. So, it’s already been occurring with the old rate card that there is discrimination between risk, this is simply we believe a better way to do it and a more consistent way to do it.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, that’s helpful. And just as a follow-up to this mortgage insurance I just noticed that the premium growth has slowed a little bit recently especially on the earned premium side and also on the written premium side. Curious as to what’s happening there since you’re now recording the GSE premiums also as written, correct?
Dinos Iordanou: It’s, the part you didn’t mention is a reduction in the singles. The change in the trajectory I would say, it came 100% out of our reduction in the singles.
Mark Lyons: And it’s a good time Vinay for me to correct something that I said before. I had said that singles were 24% a quarter, I misspoke, its 21%. So, I believe the trajectory and our view of that continues to drop. So I agree with Dinos’ comment.
Vinay Misquith: Do you have a sense for what percentage of the business that was last year, was it a much higher percent last year?
Mark Lyons: Yes, I don’t have an exact figure in front of me but it was substantial.
Vinay Misquith: Okay.
Dinos Iordanou: It was the first time we did it last year, and actually pricing on singles a year ago, it was more acceptable to us I think as the last three, four quarters emerged, it became more competitive marketplace because we have some competitors they’re trying to gain market share through singles, we don’t view that as a good place to be and with discipline when it comes to underwriting.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, thank you.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb: Thank you, I may have missed it. But did you mention your tangent loss?
Dinos Iordanou: Insignificant.
Mark Lyons: Well, first off it’s not a CAT so we didn’t reflect that within the CAT load. And it’s just not that large for us Jay to…
Dinos Iordanou: To even, if it was anything inaudible we would have put something out but it’s not inaudible within our numbers.
Mark Lyons: But there is some exposure from the reinsurance side and the insurance side. And as you know, the uncertainty surrounding these things is quite large the ability to get in and check things out is really just begun recently. So there is a lot of volatility around it, you never know.
Jay Gelb: Okay. Did you add some IBNR just in case?
Dinos Iordanou: We always do.
Mark Lyons: But it’s contained within our standard attritional IBNR, yes.
Jay Gelb: Okay, perfect. Thank you for that. The other question I have was on the tax rate, so 13% in the third quarter that was you said that was a true-up. What do you feel a normalized tax rate is going forward since historically it’s been in the low single-digits?
Mark Lyons: Well, I think you should, well, first-off, longer term implies I know where, what your sections is going to give me profits on a go forward basis. And that really does fluctuate from quarter to quarter. But you’re looking at the tax rate on net income as opposed to the tax rate on operating. And just think, it’s just the simple arithmetic of it, you’ve got the tax rate on pre-tax operating income and to convert over to net income, it’s really the realized losses. So you got the same packed dollars with a smaller denominator, I mean, that’s the arithmetic to push it up to 13. So, but on a, our current view on operating like trailing 12-month type view on operating income is likely to be 4-ish percent 5-ish percent.
Dinos Iordanou: I would say between 4% and 5%. And that’s a better way to look at it. Don’t look on net income in one quarter, look at it from a trailing 12 months, then you got more of the net income, more of the - and then you can add all the tax and then it would give you a better feel as to what the percentage is.
Jay Gelb: Okay, that’s fine. It just bounced around, so I just wanted to quantify that. And then on the buyback so with the stock now trading around 1.6 times booked it sounds like Arch is really not going to be in the market for buybacks. Is it?
Dinos Iordanou: I didn’t tell you that. I said something different. I never said I’m not going to be in the market right.
Jay Gelb: Okay. I mean, that valuation seems to be pretty important parameter. How should we think about it?
Dinos Iordanou: Valuation is very important. But we look at it based on the prospects of what returns we get on the business we write. And if my recovery period, elongate and we starting getting uncomfortable over three years, then we shall wait from, there is nothing to do with how we feel about the stock it’s just purely our approach to it. And that approach might change, I don’t know what my discussions with wiser guys, that’s why I got pretty wise guys on my board to give me advice and what prospective they’re going to have. But based on what I said, we might sit on excess capital because there are some of the opportunities for us to deploy in a different fashion in the marketplace.
Mark Lyons: And also Jay, we as you know, we move our mix of business and our capital around depending on what the opportunities are. And we talked earlier about the real opportunities in the GSE credit rate sharing space. So hypothetically if that increased at a higher rate than we had anticipated or we had other opportunities around the world, that mixture might increase our view of four ROE by 200 basis points or something, which is going to come into the equation of time to payback.
Jay Gelb: Of course. If the stock were valued instead let’s say at 1.5 times book, would that have been within your range of viewing it within the three-year payback period?
Dinos Iordanou: It could be. It’s hard for me to project into the future. I mean, it’s like describing the guy who can read the obituary pages five years from today and he finds his name there. That’s not a good place to be. But we make those decisions and we’re flexible on a quarter to quarter basis. And we have unknown, and when we have unknown sometimes we go back a little bit. For example, the mortgage GSE opportunities, and I think Sarah is the one who asked the question and I couldn’t answer it because I know the opportunity is big, the demand is there but I don’t know how big it’s going to be. And I don’t know how much of our capital we want to allocate to that. So, when I have unknowns I rather say I got unknowns and here is how we’re thinking but there might be opportunities. Because I know you want to build new models and project year-out or quarter out and all that but I don’t operate on that basis. I’m trying to make sure that our underwriting team makes the right decisions based on the latest information they have. If I have excess capital, it’s not burning a hole in my pocket. So unless somebody is trying to put his hand in my pocket and take it and then I will cut it, that’s not a problem. It’s a good problem to have.
Jay Gelb: That’s right. Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan: Thank you, and thank you for taking past here over lunch time. So, first, around the…
Dinos Iordanou: Lucky sandwich is on the grill.
Kai Pan: All right. Do you have any exposure to Volkswagen and potential exposure Volkswagen and the Hurricane Patricia?
Dinos Iordanou: Insignificant, insignificant.
Kai Pan: Okay, that’s great. And then on probably CAT gen-1 pricing, what’s your outlook and you have reducing the business quite a bit over the past few years. If the market stabilizes, would you become more interested in write more business there?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, listen, a hallmark is putting the right price based on risk-exposure just we underwrite. If the market improves, we’re going to write more. Our appetite has not disappeared. There were times that we were committing 20%, 21%, 22% of equity capital to that line on a PML basis and we’re down to now 9% and actually for Florida, and Gulf of Mexico which is less than that. So, our appetite will depend on the market pricing. Now predicting what’s going to happen on January 1, who knows. If I have to guess, it would probably be a stable where it is today because I think even for those that they participate, the new capital that comes in, even with no real CAT. Their returns are not super juicy. And that’s a sub statement to say when there is no CAT, you don’t have super juicy because what do you do when you have the CAT, right.
Mark Lyons: Kai, I would also add, we use the term if it stabilizes, it depends what you mean by stabilizes. Improving doesn’t mean stabilizing to me. And if the rate cut stay, there is no more rate cut say zero percent change. We’ve been shedding volume given that relative levels, so I wouldn’t expect our business to increase if it stays at the level where it is today, it would have to improve not merely stabilize.
Kai Pan: Okay. So, you’re not expecting any sort of meaningful price increases from current levels?
Dinos Iordanou: Nothing I see in our eyes now that is going to, that is telling me that to anticipate price increases. But we don’t make decision on anticipation. We make decision as to what we see in the marketplace.
Kai Pan: Okay, that’s great. Then, on sort of management succession, Dinos you’ve been running, you had a great track since you founded the Company, and I’m sure you are excited running the business as of today. But I don’t know if the company has mandatory retirement age but is the board considering a succession planning and how do you think about it?
Dinos Iordanou: We have succession planning in every senior position we have with, it’s part of our process within the Com Committee. Their responsibility is and my responsibility as CEO is not only preparing my successor but also each one of our key positions has one or two successors ready from within. And that process is not new it’s been in place now for over 10 years. Having said that, if you’re at my contract, it goes all the way to end of ‘17 actually, March 1, ‘18, so I can sign the 10-K if I decide to just become the Chairman, but no decisions have been made. But there is an existing succession plan within the company that is part of the responsibility of our board, and they take it seriously and they - and we talk about it at least once a year in the company.
Kai Pan: That’s great. Well, thank you so much for the answers.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. I’ll try to be quick I know it’s getting late. Dinos, I think you did a great job of laying out the point of the RateStar program. But if you’re allowing lenders to choose between RateStar and the rate card, doesn’t that just invite adverse selection?
Dinos Iordanou: If you allow them to have both yes, but basically what we’re telling lenders, you need to have one or the other.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Dinos Iordanou: You can’t have the rate card and then price it that way and then price it on the other way and back and forth. It’s either you choose to participate with us on the rate card or you choose to participate with us on the RateStar.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that helps. What is the loss trend in the insurance segment that corresponds to the 60 basis points sort of premium or rate decline?
Dinos Iordanou: I’m sorry, could you, the 60 bps rate decline?
Meyer Shields: Yes, I’m just trying to get a picture of the funding?
Dinos Iordanou: It’s probably short-lines at weighing the increases we get on long-tail lines.
Mark Lyons: That’s exactly what it is.
Dinos Iordanou: So, as I said, it’s about 4.4% down on the first party lines and I think I’ve said 30 bps or 40 bps up no the third party lines. And our volume on the short tail-lines, it’s small so you got to do weighted average, right.
Dinos Iordanou: Right. I’m just trying to, understood, get the sort of weighted average loss cost trend that corresponds to that?
Dinos Iordanou: If you remember, your Algebra I, Meyer, you got all the information.
Meyer Shields: I’m sorry, probably more...
Dinos Iordanou: The 4.4% is not in excess of loss trend, it’s the pure effective rate change. You need to layer on top of that to do a loss ratio conversion from here A to period B what your estimate of loss trends is. But as we said in the past, it’s very widely by line of business.
Meyer Shields: Okay, thanks so much.
Dinos Iordanou: And we go through those calculations, when we say 60 bps it’s a lot of work behind it to come up to that. And I’m being surrounded by actuaries usually we’re pretty technical when it comes to that stuff.
Meyer Shields: That sounds like a nightmare, but good luck.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jay Cohen: Yes, thank you. Maybe a bigger picture question on the mortgage business, I believe Dinos in the past you’ve said that when this business gets to scale that I think the segment earnings could be as much as a third of the overall company’s earnings. Is that still a view that you believe is accurate?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, that’s an accurate view. But I also said that it would take three to five years to get to that point. So we believe, yes, we have potential to be earning $150 million to $200 million annually from the mortgage business but it’s got to get to maturity and we’re not there yet.
Jay Cohen: Right. And then, maybe a bit more technical, when I look at the, as you get scale in this business, the expense ratio comes down. I’m assuming the bulk of that shows up in other operating expense ratio, should the acquisition expense ratio also improve over time or should that be relatively stable?
Mark Lyons: That should improve because and on the U.S. mortgage side, it’s really a sales force that’s there. So you’re going to have those fixed cost and you write more volume with your drop.
Dinos Iordanou: A sales force is constant right, I mean, we’re not adding, once you get to a steady state on your sales force, maybe you add one person here and there. And then there is a little bit of increased cost of living adjustments etcetera incentive compensation. But so, that’s more of a steady number. And then, as you’re building volume your expense structure on a percentage basis is going to improve.
Mark Lyons: And Jay, just to clarify on your first question. Yes, with longer term view, mortgage could be materially significant piece of our net income or our underwriting gain or loss. But that’s the mortgage segment in totality that it’s not necessarily USMI, you have the reinsurance segment. And as we said, the increasing contributions from the GSE, it’s in totality. That’s what you ask, you didn’t ask about anything.
Jay Cohen: Yes, no, it was the segment, that’s what I figured.
Mark Lyons: Okay.
Dinos Iordanou: Right, right, right, fair enough.
Jay Cohen: Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks I’ll be quick also. Just quickly, Mark, I don’t know if I caught it, but last quarter when you talked about the difference between on the insurance side, your ceded benefit that you’re getting, ceded on the acquisitions or commission ratio versus what you’re, increase your paying, I think it goes like 60 basis points in the written. Was it similar this quarter, spread side?
Mark Lyons: Yes, on the quarter share treaties that dominate the sessions, it was 260-basis point spread of, or actually I think we saved that. Improvement in the ceding commission by 260 basis points 3Q-to-3Q and last quarter 2Q-to-2Q had exactly the same improved spread difference.
Dinos Iordanou: And at some point in time that would disappear because once we cycle over four quarters it’s over until, in comparison quarter to quarter.
Mark Lyons: We keep getting the gain but the difference took other way.
Brian Meredith: Right, right, so therefore your acquisition expense ratio should probably continue to come down in the insurance space?
Dinos Iordanou: You’re right.
Brian Meredith: For at least the next couple of quarters?
Dinos Iordanou: On the earnings yes.
Mark Lyons: Barring no change on the front-end direct commission.
Brian Meredith: Got you, okay. And then my second question, I guess bigger picture also, if I look at your overall business, reinsurance return on equity probably continuing to kind of come down here with the rate pressure insurance maybe flattish to down. Is the increase in the mortgage insurance that you’re seeing grows kind of when you look out here, is that enough to continue to offset kind of the decline you’re seeing in the reinsurance ROEs to keep it stable?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, it’s a difficult question to answer because it depends on the volume. But two things I got to tell you, don’t underestimate how good our reinsurance guys are. They’re finding other avenues not all of their business is this, what I would say large client under a lot of pressure business. They’re finding niches here and there to still be relevant and have good returns. So and at the end of the day, yes, if our mortgage business continues to grow, it might offset it. But I don’t know that because I can’t project volumes, we don’t spend time thinking about volumes and that’s why we’re not trying to be avoiding the questions but to us, future projections are not, we don’t spend a lot of time on those. What we spend a lot of time is to analyze what we have and how we’re going to behave quarter-to-quarter based on the market conditions that we see every quarter.
Mark Lyons: Yes, let me just add a little bit to that Brian. The insurance group, and when it comes to mass is 60% to 65% of the net written, which will then find us way into earnings. And there margins have continued to improve and one this quarter as well. And some of that is on the loss ratio side that we’ve seen and some is on like the question about the C-Commission overrides. So we expect continuing contributions from the insurance group which is I’d say 60% to 65% of the weight.
Brian Meredith: Got you, great. Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Burns from Janney. Please go ahead.
Ryan Burns: Great, thanks good afternoon guys. Just one question from me. I’m just trying to figure out why your tangent loss was immaterial. It seemed to kind of affect most of your competitors. I just wanted to see if you guys avoided certain risks or coverage that kept you away from these losses or if they were just simply luck, I’m imagining it’s more the former?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, you can call it luck. You can call it good underwriting or a combination of both. You can call it good underwriting or a combination of both. When you give me the choice, I’d rather be lucky than good. But I think with both, lucky and good.
Ryan Burns: Okay, thanks guys.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Rob Path from Wells Fargo Securities.
Rob Path: Yes, thanks for squeezing me in here. When I look at your balance sheet, it looks like your revolving credit borrowings went up by about $239 million in the quarter. But when I look at your calculation of leverage you don’t seem to be including those in your leverage number. So are these Watford borrowings, are these something else going on here?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, you found it.
Mark Lyons: I love it when you answer your own question.
Rob Path: Okay.
Mark Lyons: That’s exactly right. It was $239 million increase in borrowing from revolver on Watford but since we consolidated of course we have to reflect that on our balance sheet. And you’re also correct that our capital composition exhibit is for non-Watford. So you hit exactly.
Rob Path: Okay. And I don’t know if you can discuss what they need the money for and if these borrowings are non-recourse to Arch?
Dinos Iordanou: Non-recourse to Arch is their borrowings. And they’re using them for investment.
Rob Path: Okay.
Dinos Iordanou: There are business plans always included, I think one and half times leveraged up to one and half. So, it’s a company with over $1 billion of capital. So, they would probably borrow up to $400 million to $500 million and use it in the investment strategy. We’re not responsible for the investments we’re only responsible for the underwriting side.
Rob Path: Okay, right, thanks very much.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thank you. Dinos, I think Kai called you a little old earlier, I was a little surprised by that but.
Dinos Iordanou: He did, listen I’ve been old for a long time. I got the AARP card like 15 years ago, so yes.
Ian Gutterman: I hope you burned it but that’s a different discussion.
Dinos Iordanou: I did, I did, I actually threw it in the garbage, I was so mad when I got it but.
Ian Gutterman: Good, good. So, first, to follow-up that last question, is the reason Watford needs or chooses to use debt to get to their asset leverage because they’re behind plan on float and they thought they would have been on float and they’re appraising that or?
Dinos Iordanou: I don’t, listen, these are questions for Watford. But what I’m telling you is, they believe there might have been opportunities now based on what they see in the market and they say hey, we can put some leverage on it and buy stuff.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Mark Lyons: And Ian, just to add to that, use of leverage was there from day one on the initial business plan.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Dinos Iordanou: But no need to go out and borrow when you haven’t even deployed your own capital yet, and not yet because float for that I mean, our premium plans would have been hitting based on the original plan so there is float coming in from our underwriting activities.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly that’s what I want to make sure about, okay, good. So, my, the first question I was going to ask before I was, on the capital discussion, can you remind me, you guys have obviously never paid a dividend whether it, be ordinary or special. Sort of remind me sort of why you guys are averse to dividends, is it a taxing, is it just you don’t want the commitment of it or?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I mean, you’re forcing a tax build to your shareholders right. And once you give the money, the next day you get an opportunity, then you got to go and borrow to take advantage of it. We always like to have a little bit of excess capital maybe we have a lot of excess capital. But right now, it’s not at the level that is really giving me a lot of angst. Even though excess capital is only earning 2.3% to 3%, there are about, it is what it is. But like I said they, we talked to our investors are opposed to special dividend. They think that over time it might not be in the next few quarters, it might be in the next year or two, will find the right opportunity and deploy capital. Don’t forget we were talking about excess capital etcetera our mortgage business is a new business for us. We only started it about four or five years ago, and it really is getting scaled now. So, if I didn’t find that opportunity with our guys, it was predominantly Mark Grandisson who discovered based on our discussions with our investment department and me etcetera. We wouldn’t have that opportunity to deploy today in excess of $0.5 billion of capital into that business. So, it’s, everybody tries to say if I have this magic balance sheet that is always in balance, that would be Utopia. But I’m a realist, there is no such thing as Utopia. We try to do the best we can.
Ian Gutterman: Very correct. I just want to make sure, I was remembering correctly. Then on M.I. just a couple of quick things, one I don’t think this has come up yet. I believe there is a lot of talk about just pricing changing in the bank channel, I think it’s more of a community bank channel. If I’m correct that’s sort of some of the banks are sort of I guess jealous of the credit union success right, and saying since the crises things have changed and the credit union is not necessarily a better channel than a regional bank anymore given changes in lending standards and why are we charging so much more for M.I. and the bank channel. And therefore we should cut rates to bring it more in line with the credit union experience. Is that happening or is that being discussed and if so just, what are your thoughts on that?
Dinos Iordanou: Listen, I don’t know if it’s being discussed because I haven’t really specifically talked to our sales force about that. You’re right, some of the community bank experience has been better than the, what I will call the large regional or the national. And the data shows it. And that’s why I said before that maybe some of the rate store might be more adaptable to these community banks which have similar characteristics to the credit unions. They know they’re closer to their customers, they know them well. They’re in the community, they know who is who. And they, to a great extent they spend more time and effort in approving mortgages. So how do you reflect that? That’s our secret sauce.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, very fair. And then just lastly on the RateStar thing is, I guess what’s interesting to me, I’m not asking to give us your secret sauce here but just I always thought about FICO things, again I know you maybe have some missteps in the crises but obviously was because of lending standards maybe more than FICO itself, right. And when you look at auto insurance that FICO was the best predictor of when you’re going to get into an auto accident. It seems like it’s pretty powerful variable, I mean, what do you see as?
Dinos Iordanou: Absolutely, but we’re not eliminating FICO. FICO is very powerful, yes. And known to value is very powerful. But there is other attributes that they have predictive ability and value. So, by ignoring them, is it two borrowers or one co-borrowing, is it coverage ratio, is it 30, 40, or 50. And I can go on and on and on into the other things that what character you’re in or what do, you think about the housing market in the territory, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. And I’m not going to go and tell everybody as to what we’ve done with it but we’ve done a lot of work. We believe that it’s a, I wouldn’t say smarter because that’s arrogant. I think it’s a different way of looking. But I think it’s a better way in our view to assign the right price to mortgage risk.
Ian Gutterman: That makes sense. I guess maybe if I ask at a slightly different way. Is your sense that that FICO is maybe explaining that was going to make up number share right? But if FICO is so good that was explaining 90% of the difference in borrowers, this gets you to last 10% or was it maybe two thirds and this gives you a whole another third, do you know what I mean. I’m just trying to get a sense of?
Dinos Iordanou: I don’t know because, I don’t know from the work, I’ve seen some of their work and I participate in some of their discussion. So I can’t put a percentage or predictability on any one attribute. But I can tell you FICO is a very important piece. LTV for risk it’s very important for other risks it might not be. Like a young couple, two MBA students that they college sweethearts, they both have pretty good jobs and they can only scrap together a 5% payment because they’re going to live in a bigger house because they have a lot of income. So, the LTV might not be as credible and they might have super fiber scores. And these other attributes and that you might price that loan differently than simple rate card.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. That makes sense. Thanks for the explanation.
Dinos Iordanou: Okay.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Charles Sebaski: Thanks. I didn’t think I was going to get in today. I appreciate your time.
Dinos Iordanou: Well Charles, you’ve been very patient. So I think you’re the last question and we’ll give you all the time you want.
Mark Lyons: Chuck, yes, it’s good. I think your this call is caboose.
Charles Sebaski: Excellent. I just, the first is on the GSE business and obviously you can’t predict how the flow on that risk sharing is going to come in the future or how much. But I guess, at the current pricing and structuring level, is there any other constraints other than the flow from the GSE for how you guys would participate at current pricing, is there aggregation or other issues that might halt that as it comes online?
Dinos Iordanou: There are two issues, its two issues you got to think about this. Is the willingness of the, the number one issue is that GSE is, they’re going to put this in the market that’s known, there is a lot of pressure by Congress to de-risk and not be the credit providers for loans beyond the mandatory 20% down payment, maybe all the way down to 40%. Now, that’s why we’ve been hesitant on volumes. And lot of this goes to the capital markets. And it depends what pricing they’re getting from the capital markets. With both GSEs Fannie and Freddie are doing, they’re developing two parallel markets, they’re developing the insurance, reinsurance market that and it fluctuates sometimes they allocate 20% to 30%. And then the rest of it goes to the capital market. But we have no control as to what those allocations. If the capital markets become expensive, maybe they would start allocating 30% to 40% to the insurance markets, and believe me, what happens in the capital markets will also affect the pricing that comes on to the insurance and reinsurance market. The reason they’re doing that, they believe that by creating two avenues and two different source of capital responding to these, credit risk it’s good in the long-run. And it might create more stability for that because they have two different path to share credit risk into the private domain instead of the government taking it. So, I don’t know which way it’s going to go, but right now we believe that with insurance accounting being introduced and the innovations that we have worked very closely with the GSEs there, and their willingness and they’re talking to a lot of others within the insurance and reinsurance business, I don’t know how many they have the expertise to do it but some do. I think this is going to be a new market for the insurance reinsurance business, and it can be substantial over time.
Mark Lyons: And Chuck, the other thing that it makes it difficult to predict, as Dinos said, Dinos was describing more how Freddie Mac has done it, whereas the same notional data of loans and capital markets and the insurance reinsurance industry share on that same set. Fannie has done it a little bit differently. But the using capital markets and the reinsurance market, but it’s a different pool. So, what’s gone out to the Fannie deal has been exclusively a pool that went to the reinsurance industry. And a separate pool may have gone to the capital markets. So, they may not continue doing that way, they may wind up doing it similar to Freddie. So there is a lot of different parameters that, the projection is difficult.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s a young emerging market and a lot of it is because the Congress in general, they want Fannie & Freddie to de-risk. And for that reason, we feel optimistic that this is going to, the demand is always going to be there. Now, if you’re going to go 100% to the capital market, I doubt it. Now, what percentage comes to the insurance, reinsurance versus the capital markets is in their hands. And you got two big customers here. And they hold all the cost, so yes.
Charles Sebaski: I guess, I’m not asking you to predict what they are going to put out, I guess what I was trying to understand is, is what is your constraints, right, I mean, conceptually Fannie & Freddie could put out more risk than you guys could possibly take or the insurance market just to the size of the portfolio. What is, you’re guys constraints if we read that Fannie is accelerating there?
Dinos Iordanou: As we do with every line of business that we have, we have a, think of it as a PML, and how much of our equity capital we want to risk, so there is a constraint. And we have developed actually maybe we’re the only ones, I don’t know if our competitors do that or not, I have no idea. I’m sure from a risk management point of view they do something of that sort. But we do calculate on a quarterly basis what the PML values we have for the mortgage business. And we have, that will be a constraint at some point in time. When we reach the upper limit of the available PML that would be a constraint for us. But we got other vehicles, we might create a cycle at that time, we might use our knowledge and ability and underwriting ability and the systems we have, don’t forget, you got to have good systems to price loan by loan, etcetera to introduce other capital providers into the sector with us as we’ve done with Watford, we can do mortgage Watford so to speak. So, we have a lot of flexibility. We’re nowhere near yet of having that constraint. So, for the time being, it is, we got freedom to operate and we got plenty of capital to deploy and it’s not violating any of our PML criteria that the board sets as to how much risk you’re going to take in any particular. I don’t care if its cap risk or mortgage risk or DNL risk we have in our risk management principles we have limits that we want to take.
Charles Sebaski: And then, I guess, finally on RateStar, what is the, are you guys first in the trying to use a more automated multi-variant pricing model here? And if you are, what’s the lag time or the lead time if you guys are pitching this out into the market to be originators and your competitors go up, Arch is a leg ahead of us here now on this. What’s the lead time you guys have on this kind of product?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I don’t know, we’re not the first. United Guaranty, part of AIG, introduced risk-based pricing first. Probably they’ve been out for about a year now. They were ahead of us maybe longer than a year. And basically we agree with their approach, it’s fundamental to underwriting. And now, how acceptable it’s going to be to the marketplace and all that, I don’t know. But it seems that United Guaranty, they have some penetration and they have acceptability of it in for quite a few of the states from an approval point of view. So, we’re optimistic.
Charles Sebaski: I appreciate all the answers. Thank you very much guys.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you.
Mark Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. So, now I’d like to turn the call over to Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, thank you for listening to us. It was a little longer. It was mostly mortgage. I almost forgot that I’m in the insurance and reinsurance business. But we’re looking forward to be speaking to you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou - CEO Mark Lyons - CFO
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Sarah DeWitt - JPMorgan Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Jay Gelb - Barclays Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Jay Cohen - Bank of America Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Krystal and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statement in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessment and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statement in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to turn the call over to the host for today Dinos Iordanou and Mark Lyons. Please proceed. 
Dinos Iordanou : Thank you, Krystal. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Our second quarter earnings were driven by solid reporter underwriting results while investment returns were impact by the recent rise in interest rates. On a group-wise basis our gross written premium declined by 8% in the quarter while our net written premium decreased by 10.5% as underwriting actions and rate decreases in our insurance and reinsurance businesses offset growth in our mortgage business.  Changes in foreign exchange rates also reduced our net written premium on a U.S. dollar basis by 22 million or approximately 2.4% of our volume in the quarter. On an operating basis we earned $146 million, or $1.16 per share for the second quarter which produced an annualized return on equity of 9.9% for the 2015 second quarter versus 11.2 returned in the second quarter of 2014. On a net income basis Arch earned $0.88 per share this quarter which was lower than operating income primarily due to foreign exchange and realized investment losses. On a trailing 12-months basis net income produced a 10% return on equity. Net income movements on a quarterly basis can be more volatile as these earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and gains and losses in our investment portfolio.  Our reported underwriting results remained solid as reflected in our combined ratio of 87.9 and were aided by a low level of catastrophe losses and continue favorable loss reserve development. Net investment income per share for the quarter was $0.53 per share down $0.02 sequentially from the first quarter 2014 due to the short-term effects of share repurchases on investible assets during the quarter. Our operating cash flow was 232 million in the second quarter as compared to $254 million in the same period last year primarily reflecting reduced net premium writings over the past six months. Our book value per common share at June 30, 2015 was 47.49 per share a slightly decrease from March 31, 2015 and an increase of 8.6% from the 43.73 per share at June 30, 2014.  With respect to capital management, we continue to have capital in excess over target levels and in the second quarter we repurchased 3.2 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of 199 million.  I would like to take this opportunity to review our philosophy on capital management. As always our preference is to deploy capital in our businesses, however if business conditions don't allow us to earn our target returns we’ll look to return excess capital to our shareholders either through share repurchases or special dividends. Generally, we prefer share repurchases which benefit shareholders over the long-term by increasing earnings per share. However when our shares trade at a premium to book as they have for some time now we've to be prudent in those decisions.  You've seen the grid [ph] on our Web site but the essence of this chart is that when we repurchase our shares at a premium to book value our objective is to earn back that premium for our shareholders over a reasonable period based on the expected returns that can achieve on equity. Now whether we can earn that premium back or not is dependent on how quickly the company generates earnings. One can have a different point of view on this, but in the current environment we’re seeing that after three years our crystal ball become very foggy. Current competitive conditions made profitable growth in our traditional lines of insurance and reinsurance difficult to achieve and not surprisingly the industry is experiencing an elevated level of M&A activity.  In anticipation of your questions I would like to take a moment to reiterate our thinking with respect to acquisitions. We like to investigate opportunities presented by the marketplace, but our preference is to invest first in the recruitment of people and teams with specialty expertise that will complement our product platform. Our second choice would be renewal rights transactions, and last our acquisitions of business units. We consider acquisitions of business to be the most difficult because by their nature they involve greater uncertainty. The criteria that we use in evaluating potential acquisitions have not changed. First and foremost the business should be complementary to our long-term strategic goals. Second, there needs to be a cultural feet as management have similar DNA to Arch, that’s very critical and very important to us. And third is the balance sheet transparent and we can get our arms around it. When all those three conditions are met then we look at price last. As respect to price similar to our approach on share repurchases we considering amongst other things their length of time and relative certainty it will take to recover any premium to book value paid. With respect to overall market conditions it is starting to feel like the late 1990s where reinsurance is available at attractive prices and where favorable terms to the buyer are easily obtained.  We've not yet seen significant erosion in the insurance business with the exception of certain lines which I'll discuss in a moment. We believe however that the ability to buy reinsurance on favorable terms will eventually lead to more competitive contingence across the insurance business. As I indicated there are several areas in the insurance sectors that are experiencing increasingly severe price competition. They are E&S and large global property markets, professional liability lines including D&O especially in foreign markets as well as marine aviation and energy.  These business lines -- in all these business lines we've significantly reduced our exposure. At Arch, underwriting discipline has always been the foundation of our success and it will to be the number one priority and focus of our management team. Over our history we have build underwriting systems and controls which allow us to monitor not only changes in premium rates but also changes in terms and conditions. We believe that our culture and systems in combination should allow us to better navigate phases of the property casualty cycle.  Turning back to our quarterly results. The insurance segment, gross and net written premiums on a constant dollar basis fell 11.1% and 10.7% in the quarter, compared to over the same quarter in 2014 partially due to the timing of certain renewal businesses obtained in a renewal write transaction in our alternative markets business that we have discussed in previous calls. In addition volume was affected by underwriting actions in our international and program units, Mark will comment further on premium volume in a few minutes. In our reinsurance segment softening pricing and continue pressures on terms and conditions led us to reduce on a constant dollar basis net written premium by 8.3%. In addition purchases on retro protection reduced net premiums volume in the quarter. Our mortgage segment included primary mortgage insurance written through Arch M.I. in the U.S. reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk written globally as well as other risk sharing transactions. Gross written premium in the mortgage segment was $68.6 million in the second quarter of 2015 or nearly 24% higher than in the same quarter of 2014. Net written premiums grew 22% over the same period to $61.7 million. Our U.S. mortgage insurance operations acquired in late 2014 produced approximately half of the segments net written premium in the second quarter with 24 million of net premium written in the credit union channel where the bank channel produced 7 million in premium written for the quarter.  We continue to make good progress in the expansion of the bank channel and have approved more than 748 master policy applications from banks and more than 264 of these banks have already submitted loans for our approval. Of these master policies 40 represent national accounts and the balance of regional banks. We also continue to see opportunities in GSC risk sharing transactions which produced 3.7 million of other underwriting income for the 2015 second quarter versus 1.2 million in the same quarter of 2014. No premium was reported for these transactions as current accounting treatment requires us to continue to use derivative accounting. We fully expect that future transactions involving Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will receive insurance accounting treatment. Although competitive pricing conditions have intensified a bit Arch’s strong balance sheet, diversified mix of business and our willingness to exercise underwriting discipline should allow us to continue to generate acceptable returns.  Group wide on an expected basis, we believe the present value ROE on the business we wrote this year for six months will produce and underwriting year return on equity in the range of 10% to 12%. Now before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to discuss our CAT PMLs. As usual I would like to point out that our CAT PML aggregates reflect business bound through July 1st, while the premium numbers included in our financial statements are through June 30th and that the PMLs are reflected net of reinsurance purchases and retrocession.  As of July 1st, 2015 our largest 250 year single event PML was essentially flat and is in the Northeast at 541 million or approximately 9% of common shareholder's equity. Gulf of Mexico PML increased slightly to $522 million at July 1st and our Florida Tri-County PML stands at 445 million, a slight increase.  I will now turn it over to Mark to comment further on our financial results and when Mark concludes his prepared remarks, we will come back and take your questions. Mark?
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Dinos and good morning to all. As was true on last quarter's call, my comments that follow today are on a pure Arch basis which excludes the other segment that being Watford Re unless otherwise noted. As in previous call, I will be using the terms core to denote results without Watford Re and just on consolidated when discussing results including Watford Re. Okay, now with that said, the core combined ratio for this quarter was 87.9% with 1.9 points of current accident-year CAT-related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to the 2014 second quarter combined ratio of 86.2% which reflected 1.8 points of CAT-related events.  Losses recorded in the second quarter from these CAT events, net of recoverable and reinstatement premiums totaled 15.9 million versus 16.5 million in the corresponding quarter last year. This quarter's CATs primarily emanated from U.S. spring’s tornado and thunderstorm events and some Australian weather activity. The 2015 second quarter core combined ratio reflected 9.2 points of prior year net favorable development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 9.4 points of prior period favorable development on the same basis in the 2014 corresponding quarter. This result in a core accident quarter combined ratio excluding CATs with the second quarter of 2015 of 95.2% compared to the 93.8% accident quarter combined ratio in the second quarter of 2014. In the insurance segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio excluding CATs was 97.6% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 95.9% a year-ago. This 170 basis points increase was driven by 120 bps in the loss ratio and 50 bps in the expense ratio with the loss ratio increase reflecting higher large loss attritional activity than in the second quarter of 2014 emanating primarily from aviation more and offshore energy claims. Taking this increase into account the insurance segment accident quarter and loss ratios were nearly identical this quarter versus the second quarter of 2014. The reinsurance segment 2015 accident quarter combined ration excluding CATs was 94% even compared to 92.1% in the corresponding quarter of 2014.  As noted in prior quarters the reinsurance segments results reflect changes in the mix of premiums earned including a lower contribution from property CAT and other property businesses. One should also note that this quarter we did receive regulatory approval acquisition of Gulf Re and accordingly have consolidated Gulf Re results as the subset of the reinsurance segment where as previously it was accounted for under the equity method as a single line entry. Although its impact was immaterial this quarter.  This reclassified business falls within the “property other, a property excluding, a property CAT line” in our financial supplement. The mortgage segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio was 77.4% compared to 84.9% for the second quarter of 2014, this decrease is predominantly driven by continued low levels of reported delinquencies benefitting the loss ratio associated with the CMG business we acquired in 2014, along with better underlying credit risk on business return since the acquisition. The insurance segment accounted for roughly 24% of the total net favorable development this quarter excluding the associative impact on acquisition expenses and this was primarily driven by shorter-tailed lines from the 2011 to 2014 accident years. With some contributions from longer-tail lines spread primarily across older accident years. The reinsurance segment accounted for approximately 75% of the total net favorable development in the quarter with approximately 37% of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines concentrated in the more recent accident years and the balance due to net favorable development on longer-tailed line primarily from the 2003 through 2009 underwriting years. Similar to the past approximately two-thirds of our core 7.3 billion of total net reserves per losses, loss adjustment expense are IBNR and additional case reserves which continues to remain fairly consistent across both reinsurance and insurance segments. The core expense ratio for the second quarter of 2015 was 35.1% versus the prior year's comparative quarter expense ratio of 32.8% driven by an increase in the operating expense ratio of 210 bps along with an increase in the acquisition expense ratio of 20 bps. The increase in the operating expense ratio component reflects a 6.5% decrease in net earned premiums. A 5.7% increase in operating expenses which also continues to reflect the addition of our U.S. mortgage issuance operations which as we said in the past is operating at the higher expense ratio until that business reaches steady state. However as I will get into shortly it is best to look at the expense ratio in totality rather than by each component separately to see accounting for reinsurance ceding commission.  The insurance segment expense ratio increased 50 basis points to 32.5% for the quarter compared to 32% even a year-ago. The net acquisition ratio decreased 10% whereas the operating expense ratio increased 60 basis points. This separation as mentioned earlier is artificial since reinsurance ceding commission reimburse ceding companies not just for frontend acquisition expenses but also for the overhead associated with running the primary business, plus in most cases an overwrite in addition to these reimbursements. It is been the convention to categories the entirety or reinsurance ceding commissions in the net acquisition line, whereas a portion of these commissions contemplate operating and unallocated loss adjustment expense reimbursement but are not classified there. So the increased ceding commission actually provide offset to the operating expense ratio which is why I said initially looking at things in totality, deal with those issues as opposed to swapping it for one place to another. The insurance segment net acquisition ratio reduction primarily reflects material improved pre ceding commissions on an earned basis associated with quarter share contract ceded. It's important to note though that on a written basis the frontend gross commission ratio worldwide actually increased 40 basis points, whereas the average cede commission ratio improved substantially by 260 basis points. Taking together this increased ceding commission benefit overcame the increase in the gross commission resulting a 60 basis points net commission improvement again on a written basis.  Lastly, one has to reflect the premium tax component which is a part of the net acquisition expense but is not considered to be commission expense. That increased approximately 40 basis points quarter-over-quarter. That’s mostly a function of mix. This reflects traditional premium taxes, second injury funds, guarantee funds cost, et cetera. Which also though signal some shift from non-admitted paper to admitted forms as the market softens. These overall net acquisition improvements however will continue to be felt as the ceded or written premiums are earned over the next few quarters. The reinsurance segment expense ratio increased from 30.9% in the second quarter of 2014 to 35.5% this quarter primarily due to the lower level of net earned premium, a higher level of ceding commission associated with bound contract and a slight increase in operating expenses.  The net acquisition ratio increased to 160 basis points due to market forces, whereas the 300 basis points increased in the operating expense ratio is almost exclusively driven by the 18.4% reduction in the net premiums earned. The ratio of net premiums to gross premiums for our core operations in the quarter was 71.3% versus 73.2% a year ago. Insurance segment had a 68.3% ratio which was very comparable to the 67.9% a year earlier whereas the reinsurance segment had a net-to-gross ratio of 73.9% this quarter compared to 83.1% a year ago primarily reflecting increased property and property CAT retrocessions and increased sessions to Watford Re as they reinsure. Shifting now towards the market, our U.S. insurance operation saw an 80% basis points effective rate decreased this quarter, net of reinsurance. As commented on the last couple of quarters the pricing environment is quite different for short-tailed versus longer-tailed lines. Our short-tailed [Audio gap] first party lines of business had an effective 6.5% rate decreased for the quarter compared to a 1% effective rate increase for the longer-tailed third party lines both on a net-of-reinsurance basis.  Rate increased for our longer-tailed lines in the aggregate have now dropped below our view of weighted-loss cost trends. Looking more deeply, some lines incurred such as a 10.5% decreased property and a 5% decreased in high capacity D&O line while others enjoyed healthy increases such as plus 6.5% in our lower capacity D&O line 5.5% in the loss sensitive construction and 3% in our program business. Also as I've mentioned on prior calls our lower capacity D&O business lines have now achieved 16 consecutive quarters of rate increases.  Now turning to our continuing market cycle management, the insurance group worldwide reduced networking premiums in the volatile line of E&S Casualty, E&S Property, Global Property and Professional Liability in excess of 20% quarter-over-quarter. By contract, lower volatility lines have contract binding, travel and surety expanded north of 50% partially offset by a decline in program business due to underwriting actions. Professional Liability is down due to our continue reduction of the European exposures with a subset of SME professional business changed its common ex-date or expiration date from June into July. One anomaly to be aware of is in U.S. alternative market business as Dinos alluded to which on the surface appears to have had a 25% reduction in net written premium, but in reality back in the second quarter of 2014, when the previously discussed renewal rights agreement was completed [indiscernible] wanted to attain Arch's A+ paper as soon as possible and we are bound with Arch time policy terms that are now naturally renewing throughout the balance of the year.  The reinsurance group only had 8.9% of its net earned premium represented by property CAT this quarter. And property CAT net written premiums were reduced by another 15% quarter-over-quarter. Property other than property CAT were excluding property CAT had a net written premium increase of just shy of 4% this quarter, however this was driven by our property facultative unit. Additionally, the reinsurance group reduced net volume in [indiscernible] share of trade credit and [indiscernible] by at least is 20% is response to market conditions. The mortgage segment posted the 75.3% combined ratio for the calendar quarter, the expense ratio as expected and as denoted earlier continues to be high as the operating ratio related to our U.S. primary operation will remain elevated until that proper scale is achieved. The net written premiums of 61.7 million a quarter was driven by 30.6 million from our U.S. primary operation as Dino’s mentioned and 31.1 million of net written premiums from our reinsurance mortgage operations. The segment also had 3.7 million of other underwriting income in the quarter versus approximately 1.2 million in the second quarter of 2014 due to risk sharing transactions which treated as derivatives and mark-to-market each quarter. You may recall that type of income is last quarter sequentially was around little more than 7.5 million which incorporated some catch-up premiums that aren’t reflected in this quarter. At June 30, 2015 our risk-in-force of 10.7 billion includes 6.1 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operation, 3.9 billion through worldwide reinsurance operation and 684 million through a risk sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage insurance operation is down 2.7 billion of new insurance written down in the quarter which was approximately evenly split between bank and credit union clients and which specifically represents the aggregate of original principal balances of all loans receiving new coverage during in the quarter.  The weighted average FICO score with the U.S. primary portfolio remains strong at 735 and a weighted average loan to value ratio held steady at 93.2%. Those states risk-in-force represents more than 10% of the portfolio and our U.S. primary mortgage insurance company is operating at an estimated 9.7:1 risk to capital ratio as of June 30th 2015.  The other segment which is still as a bell [ph] is equivocally Watford Re, reported 103.8% combined ratio for the quarter on a 120.2 million of net written premiums and 107.2 million of net earned premiums.  As a reminder, these premiums reflect 100% of the business assumed rather than simply Arch's approximate 11% common share interest. As for business sourcing approximately 40% of the 128 million in gross written premiums this quarter was written directly on marker paper with the remainder ceded by Arch affiliates. It should be noted however that this sourcing mix can vary materially quarter-to-quarter. The total return on our portfolio was reported negative 4 basis points on U.S. dollar basis in the quarter. Primarily reflecting declines in our investment grade fixed income portfolio driven by raising yields and widening spread. Partially offset by positive returned in our alternative investment, equity and non-investment grade sectors. Total return also benefited from the weakening U.S. dollar on most of our foreign denominated investments. Excluding foreign exchange total return was a negative 38 bps in the quarter. Our embedded pre-tax booked yield before expenses was 2.07% as of the end of the quarter, compared to 2.18% at December 31, 2014. While the duration of the portfolio shortened to 3.05 years. The current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rate in the current yield environment, however movements in duration are not necessarily indicative of longer term strategy or the insurance reinsured portfolio composition due to this duration statistic reported on a single day balance sheet deal. Reported net investment income in the quarter was $0.53 per share or 67.2 million versus an identical $0.53 per share in this 2014 second quarter or 72.5 million. As always, we're evaluating investment performance on a total return basis and that such invest in asset sectors which may not generate net investment income. Cash flow from operation for the quarter on a core basis including the other segment was approximately 232 million compared to 254 million in the second quarter 2014. This was caused primarily by reduced premium inflows net-of-commissions and net-of-reinsurance sessions.  Interest expense for the quarter was 4 million even, which is a significant reduction from the last two quarters and from the corresponding second quarter of 2014. This reduction is due to a favorable adjustment involving a certain loss portfolio transfer entered into effective January 2013. This deposit accounting transaction had a downward revaluation in the quarter of the underlying ultimate loss, which resulted in an 8.4 million reduction in interest expense. As you may recall, there was a similar adjustment for this in the third quarter of 2014. However the run rate interest expense which includes approximately 12 million from Arch's senior notes and a variable amount of Arch's revolving credit borrowing for some other items is expected to be under 30 million for quarter was a foreseeable future. However revaluations of the underlying ultimate loss attributable to this loss portfolio transfer well occurred periodically and could potentially produce significant further adjustments. Our effective tax on our pre-tax operating income available to Arch shareholders for this quarter was an expense of 3.9% compared to an expense of 3.6% in the second quarter of last year. There was no tax catch up this quarter as the tax rates on pre-tax operating income were identical for both quarters of 2015. As always fluctuation in the effective tax rate can result from variability and a relative mix of income or loss projected by jurisdictions. Our total capital was 7.03 billion at the end of the quarter, which is virtually flat with total capital at prior year end but down 2.1% relative to total capital as of March 31, 2015. During this quarter we've repurchased 3.2 million shares as Dino has mentioned at an aggregate cost of approximately 199 million. These repurchases represented a multiple of 1.32x of the quarter's [ph] average book value and had the effective reducing quarter ending book value per share by $0.39. Additionally, approximately 525 million remains under our existing buyback authorization as of the end of the quarter. The effective foreign exchange on book value was a loss of approximately $0.22 per share as the negative impact of restating insurance and reinsurance liabilities outstripped the gain in non-U.S. denominated investments. Our debt-to-capital ratio remains low at 12.7% and debt plus hybrids represents only 17.3% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. And we also continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted position. Book value per share was $47.49 at the end of the quarter down 6% [ph] versus the prior quarter and up 8.6% of relative to one year ago. This change in book value per share this quarter primarily reflects unrealized losses and foreign exchange impacts from fixed income securities which exceeded the company's continued strong underlying results. Although there was a lot of activity this quarter affecting book value, we shouldn’t lose sight of the fact that the $0.31 per share drop in book value can be totally explained by the $0.39 per share impact of our share buyback this quarter. With that and these introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Michael Nannizzi : One question I had on the Watford premiums, maybe you alluded to this in your comments. The premiums there were higher than the ceded premiums out of the reinsurance business. Did you -- did business come from somewhere else or was there some accounting there just to be aware of?
Mark Lyons: We did say that 40% of that was natively on your papers, so wouldn't have been ceded from any Arch affiliate. And there was a slightly higher contribution from the insurance group this quarter than the reinsurance group. And I think that answers your question. 
Michael Nannizzi : And then in terms of the expenses, you talked about the G&A ratio coming up just from denominator effect of premiums being lower. Is there a level where you want that to be or you are comfortable letting the business, pulling back and taking appropriate underwriting actions and holding on to your infrastructure just for the potential for conditions to change and being able to leverage that infrastructure again down the road?
Mark Lyons: Well Dinos and I both have an opinion on that I'll go first on it. It's a balance beam, if there is thing that you need to be mindful of and be efficient and you make there right tough decisions and there is other areas you have to recognize you might be going into bone and muscle and as Dinos said our business is to make decisions. You don't want to lose that decision making ability. So there is some level of carrying intellectual property we’re willing to have irrespective of what it does for the expense ratio. 
Dinos Iordanou: And no company went bankrupt or had significant problems because of expense ratio. Most of the companies they have difficulty with results it’s due to launch ratio. So in echoing what Mark said, anything that is dear to us and dear to is our underwriting capability we have as a corporation, we’ll protect that. Of course we’ll be prudent managers and try to manage expense with that parameter.  So at the end of the day if it comes to what we call muscle, which is underwriting capability and knowledge is that it might not be fully usable at this point in time, we’ll retain that because we make decisions for the long-term, not for short-term. And when things we can eliminate and they don't have a long-term or short-term effect to what we do we’ll be prudent managers too and do so, so we can get a more reasonable expense ratio. So that's our philosophy and that’s what we’re going to practice as a management team. 
Michael Nannizzi : As far as reinsurance concerns is then your view there still at this point and changes that are taking place in market are cyclical, so you'll make that sort of bone muscle decision according to that as sort of a baseline?
Dinos Iordanou: Absolutely. Because at the end of the day there is wonderful things you can do in a good market in reinsurance, but you need to have the capability. And I think we've proven that our reinsurance team is one of the best in the industry over the last 12 years, 13 years, all you have to do is look at their performance.
Michael Nannizzi : And if I could just one quick on one the MI. Is it possible to breakdown what the underlyings were or what the loss ratio was even on a stated basis between the MI reinsurance and the flow business the U.S. MI business or they relatively similar?
Mark Lyons: We can do that. And let me dig Michael.
Dinos Iordanou: He is going to give you specifics, but I can tell you the reinsurance business was slightly better than our own MI business for the reason most of our reinsurance business that we wrote is in the very best years in the business. This is 2011, 2012 and 2013 commitment. So we want to get more specific markets. 
Mark Lyons: I'll do more directional than magnitude, but the U.S. operation continues to improve per our comments with the good improvement in delinquencies. The reinsurance was lower still, and lot of that is due to a calendar quarter effect of recognizing favorable results on reinsurance treaties issued a couple of years ago. You don't have gigantic earned premium numbers coming through a calendar so you make a change on a prior treaty on an inception to date basis and it can move the numbers. 
Michael Nannizzi : Any impact from the PMI quota share reinsurance program in 2Q results or is that embedded in the reinsurance discussion you just gave?
Dinos Iordanou: There was no real impact from that. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Sarah DeWitt from JP Morgan. Please proceed. 
Sarah DeWitt: On the mortgage insurance business you showed some nice growth in the quarter in terms of the U.S. risk-in-force and now you have all the key bank approvals, do you expect a positive reflection point in risk-in-force in the second half of the year? Or could you just talk about how we should think about the trajectory on the growth?
Dinos Iordanou: Well it will be a steady improvement. Not only you have to get -- to sign up the banks, but eventually you got to make sure that from an IT point of view on the pipes, they are open, was starting to receive that. So I wouldn’t say you are going to see an abrupt change in that trajectory but as you know with the mortgage business as the quarter adds, you know -- and we're pretty happy with the progress that our sales force is doing and also the business that we're receiving. We had received from 270 banks applications to write the business. We still working, we are not on optimum pace yet. I'll be happy when I'm receiving from all 700 or so and I don’t how long that will take because these projects they get into the IT department and sometimes they take six weeks, sometimes they take six months, so I can't predict that.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. Great. And just some on high level in U.S. mortgage insurance. How are you winning? What is your view as your competitive advantage there?
Dinos Iordanou: With one of the highest rated MI paper. So from a credit point of view we should be -- and we have a terrific reputation on service with everybody that we have done business so far, we are getting very, very good comments about our responsiveness and our service capability. So the combination of those two I think it fairs well for us for the long-term.
Mark Lyons: And Sarah [ph] I would also add we have Arch’s mortgage guarantee, which I tended kind of phrases like E&S carrier for the mortgage space. In that we'll do jumbo loans and other things that are nonconforming.
Dinos Iordanou: That’s an additional service we give to all these banks for loans that they might repaying on their books and they won't go to the GSCs. We have that capability. We did very -- let me reemphasize, very highly rated paper.
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. And I'd like to give one more and, on all the consolidation we’ve seen in the industry. Could you just talk about what the implications are of these for Arch from our competitive standpoint? And what innings do you think we’re in the consolidation risk?
Dinos Iordanou: The answer on your [indiscernible] question, I have no clue. I don’t see you know how, they come out of the blue and you know there is lot of dating and lot of marriages and all that. But I don’t know. From on a assess point of view, let me give you our view, our view is that, by consolidating on the primary side you have less buyers, or more concentrated buyers for reinsurance. So I think that will put some pressure probably through the pressure on the reinsurance purchasing because the bigger the buyer, the more they buy, the more the leverage they have and also they can use even alternative structures as we have seen with some. On the insurance side, I view it as opportunities for the simple reason that history tells us that never in a consolidation or insurance operations one plus one equals two plus, it’s usually one and a half to one and three quarters, and there things are fall off the table, it could be people who want to make change in their careers, it could be over lining of lines and depending on coverage's and the clients says I don’t want to put all my eggs in a bigger basket now. So we're ready and willing and we have instructed our underwriting units to be a participant in that activity when it occurs. And some of that will occur.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Charles Sebaski : I wanted to just talk about the ROE profile on a consolidated basis for you guys and how that plays into -- if more capital needs to be returned. I guess Dinos you talked about for some quarters now that the current business return profiles been in the 10% to 12% range and we have appeared like this and I realized it's only basis points below that double digit level, but at the low end of that range in a period that’s relatively light on CATs and relatively strong and favorable development. How should we think about how you guys managed to the consolidated ROE profile? And how much capital you need to hold and whether there is capital in MI that’s kind of affecting that? That would help.
Dinos Iordanou: Well let me take you back a little bit, because I think based on your question I think, you might be confusing underwriting ROV versus calendar reporting. We don't pay any attention to calendar reporting because that's kind of accounting and underwrite -- we allow accountants but they don't pay lot of attention to it. The ROE that we calculate is on underwriting basis, meaning, how much capital I need to support this business and what is the return when I ride a new piece of business that's the way we've based those numbers. So, prior year reserve releases or additions will not affect that, et cetera. They 10 to 12, we calculate based on our pricing model that comes from pricing actuaries, the mix of business we have and just to give you a little flavor is that we are very happy with our insurance business especially on the small to medium size accounts, they are producing good ROEs. We are not so happy but you can illuminate all of some of our larger accounts or ROEs. On the reinsurance sector, the ROEs have been very good for many years, but they coming down as the pressure continues, including a big component of good ROE was the CAT business, with that now is not producing what we fully expected for the high volatility line in ROEs and then we are very, very happy with the ROEs and the mortgage insurance. So, we put that all in a hamper, our actuaries go through that and that's how we estimate the underwriting ROE. I'm not telling you that every single thing that we do has a double-digit ROE component. If that was a case, we would have better than 10 to 12. We got businesses that they running may be 5, 6 or 7. And the question is should we get out of it or not and that's not an easy question. But usually we'll look at what the prospects are over a longer period of time and some time you’ve got to stay in those accounts and in those classes for a while at a lesser return on order for you to be a player when things to get better. So, that's the way we think about it and so underwriting ROE calculations not calendar year ROE. 
Charles Sebaski : Okay. No, I appreciate -- I just was thinking and I realize you guys look at it that way. I guess I was thinking of it in the view of if the underwriting ROE profile is 10 to 12 over a three or four year basis, it ends up mirroring up with the calendar year, no? If you are always writing 10 to 12, over time, the calendar year and the underwriting year should mirror each other, I guess. But I do appreciate the color.
Dinos Iordanou: We view as a steady 10 to 12 for all times, so that I can tell you the underwriting ROEs in the O2, O3, O4, O5 years. They were in the 20s plus and that helped us to have mid-teens ROEs for some years when actually the underwriting ROE was in the low teen. So, we look at it both ways but I can tell you from underwriting decision making and viewing the healthiness of our business, we religiously looking at underwriting ROE. We allocate capital to treaties, we allocate capital to a primary business by sector and then we have an expectation of return out of that based on our pricing and then we calculate the ROE on that basis. 
Charles Sebaski : And I guess just one additional -- and into the business, you mentioned that a couple of the programs were terminated this quarter. I'm just wondering what programs and how many programs are left and what was going on that's kind of said? Was it an ROE, was it just people? What happened, because that has been one of the growth drivers for the insurance business and a couple of quarters where it's kind of slowed down a little bit? Thanks. 
Dinos Iordanou: With anything that we do, everything goes to an underwriting review once a year. I don't care this programs or D&O division or E&O division, et cetera. At that point in time, there is an actuarial indication as to, what rates we'll charging, what is the profitability of that book of business and then there is what we will call the rate indication. Then there is a discussion with our partners. We are approached with our program business is a -- we wanted to be a profitable. But also we want our MGUs to be profitable. You don't have a partnership, if one makes money and the other one doesn't and vice-versa. We want all of our MGAs, MGUs to be profitable and we want ourselves to be profitable. And then there is a discussion, this is the market, this is what we believe, we should be charging and sometimes there is disagreements. If the disagreement is large enough and we don't believe we can achieve that partnership going forward that both of us will make money then we'll make the hard decisions and then we decide to part companies and unfortunately it did happened for two of our programs that our rate indications and what we wanted to file and price that business in the marketplace was not in agreement with our partners and they chose to go elsewhere.
Mark Lyons: Just a little extra color. Those two programs annualized for about 45 million of gross written premium. We keep high nets on that, so apart from a net written premium number, firstly. And secondly, and it is pretty much even in terms of -- they’re both 20 in each. One thing to keep in mind though is that this quarter one of those programs is very heavy in the second quarter. So it was 250% [ph] of the total program. So the loss of that program is going to be more felt in this quarter than the any other quarter for the balance in the year from that program. 
Charles Sebaski: What kind of products were these programs? 
Mark Lyons: Fast food was one, prefer not to really get into. But the underlying products themselves are really package policies. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays. Please proceed. 
Jay Gelb: On the M&A front, do you know -- you are very clear about focusing on adding teams of people and renewal rights transactions. And then seemingly third -- way third down the list is acquisitions of businesses. Since -- going back to even the recap of Arch in 2001, I don't think the Company has ever issued shares for acquisitions. Is there any circumstances where you could see that occurring in the future, given the massive phase of M&A in the industry?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. We care a lot about our shares, it's our shareholders value. But if the transaction is large enough and our cash capability even though there is not significant leverage on the balance sheet. So we do have borrowing ability to a certain degree depends on how big the transaction is, we’ll consider issuing shares but that’s the last consideration not the first. We try with all of our decisions not to dilute our common shareholders. We don't like a lot of dilution. 
Mark Lyons: And as a follow-up to that the way -- targeting back to Dinos's comments, I think about this way, that the recruitment of any goodwill or any excess premium you pay relative to what we do in share buybacks. So if we’re looking for three paybacks and share buybacks where we know our operations, we know it's going on versus something that Dinos mentioned with a lot more uncertainty, the three year payback is in upper bound for recruitment of tangible book value hit towards and acquisition. So we’re very mindful of that. 
Jay Gelb: Okay. That's in line with what I would have thought. Mark, with regard to that buyback comment, you are in an enviable position of having a high multiple. The stock today I think is right around 1.5 times book and I think that's starting to bump up against your tipping point on whether Arch does buybacks as opposed to special dividend. Can you give us your perspective on that?
Mark Lyons: That’s exactly Dinos's comment about us being prudent in how we do it. One side, I’ll be honest with you, it’s more of the stretch to do that unless you could find that profitable bock trades out there. 
Dinos Iordanou: But based on recent transactions has achieve stock. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Josh Shanker: So two questions. First of all, Mike Nannizzi asked a question about mortgage reinsurance versus mortgage primary. And you said in the margin, the reinsurance was more profitable because of the good accident years. If I think about reinsurance in general, companies have been bumping up [indiscernible] commissions. And when I talk to reinsurers, they say, our book, we use a lot of local players, so we get better deals. Clearly, the large companies are going to ARBU out. When it seems that mortgage insurance is so profitable these days, how is mortgage reinsurance so profitable? Why aren't the large players charging to cede that risk?
Dinos Iordanou: For the simple reason that when these transactions are taken, then we get, in the mortgage phase you make a transaction in a particular year and you have a stream of revenue that comes over the six years, seven years. At the time that these transactions took place we were providing very valuable capacity to people that they needed capacity. And for that reason I think we had equally negotiating leverage as they did. They needed our capital as much as we needed the business, so that’s a good combination and for that reason we got terms that are not disadvantageous to them, but they are not disadvantageous to us either.
Josh Shanker: Okay, that makes sense. Number two, Mark went through in detail on the expense ratio for the insurance business. Mortgage insurance has grown dramatically over the past 12 months, but expense ratio really hasn't come down. When should we think that's going to occur and why isn't that proportional with the growth rate of the new insurance written?
Dinos Iordanou: The growth is starting to show, but don’t forget also we had an acceleration of expenses because we were building these marketing teams that is out there. We added in the last I don’t five quarters some 60 people, purely in the sales and marketing area. I think now we are on a steady state. So when it comes to that is not going be a significant addition in personnel, in a mortgage business, but as the volume starts going up you're going to start seeing the reduction in the expense ratio.
Josh Shanker: And one last MI question. How should I think about growth and capital? Do you need dividend money down into Arch Mortgage US in order to fund for your growth?
Dinos Iordanou: No, we gave you that number Josh, I think now we're operating at around 10, 9.7 I think is the exact number.
Josh Shanker: And you can get to 15 if you want.
Dinos Iordanou: As I'm getting older I don’t like to be exact because I forget things but -- and we got a lot of room to go to 15:1. So I don’t see us requiring to downstream capital into those operations for a couple of more years until -- I think I use it size 3 shoe to a size 9 foot, you know we still got the opposite, foot is size 3 and the shoes is size 9. We got a long way to grow to fill it.
Mark Lyons: But if you’re are asking more mechanically there is money in the U.S. holdings company that is there when anyone needed that’s the mechanism through which you'll get it.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Well thank you for all the answers. And good lack in the back half.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Ryan Tunis : I guess my first question is probably just for Mark, it's a quick one. Just on the E&S MI, you were talking about the jumbo loans. Is any of that showing up in the insurance in the mortgage NIW yet?
Mark Lyons: It's very, very tiny. It's really part of the value proposition that helps us. But as of yet it does not have material lines.
Ryan Tunis : And I guess maybe looking out over the next couple years, do you have a view on how much that type of stuff could make up of the total US MI business? 
Mark Lyons: No, it's a real crapshoot of what's going happen in macro economically.
Dinos Iordanou: And how these banks that going -- is really hard, the fact that we have that capability though. It opens towards and it allows for a better conversation as to what can we do for these banks beyond that odd are you going be cheaper than somebody else.
Ryan Tunis : Okay. And then I guess for Dinos, just on expenses, I guess, and primary and reinsurance. Just trying to think about a level -- is there may be a level of growth that you think you need in the medium term to support your current expense growth profile? It doesn't seem --.
Dinos Iordanou: We never really run the company in any segment with the exception of MI because we think it's a very-very good time to grow on a growth prospect. Now, having said that, you’ve got to match revenue with expense as long as you don’t cut muscle and I will expect one or two points higher expense ratio than normal, as long as I'm not losing underwriting capability because that underwriting capability can produce what it will cost you to maintain for a year, two or three in one quarter. Then we remind you guys that in the 2002 year our reinsurance operations produced on an underlying basis $790 million worth of premium and we had 22 people, right? And you it can come and I can tell you the profit coming out of that was significant. So at the end of the day it's the balance and you got to make those more judgments, but I can tell you if I got good experience underwriters they don’t have to worry about their jobs as long as with us. We’ll find things finds for them to do and if they don’t, we'll have to ask them to play golf until the good market comes.
Ryan Tunis : Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Please proceed.
Meyer Shields: Mark, you mentioned that you can't necessarily infer anything strategic from the shortening of the portfolio duration. So can I put that as more a direct question? It also could reflect something. Is there anything that we should read from the second-quarter change? 
Mark Lyons: No, let me expand on it, a bit. It is a point in time estimate as I've mentioned, but we continue to have the same exact process, where we look at the liability stream and with duration match it and however the assets underlying shareholders equity are shorter. So, there is no fundamental change to the overall philosophy, the overall approach of matching losses of duration, which I think is most important type.  So, there's going to be tactical moves that happened from quarter to quarter. So, I wouldn't look for some big theme.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a quick numbers question. When we look at the other expenses -- and I mean this on a consolidated basis -- it came in at $17.4 million, up almost 17% year over year. Was there anything unusual there or is that a new good run rate? 
Mark Lyons: I would say, you have a slight increase in overall stock related compensation expense. For old dogs like me that are retirements eligible, there is different accounting treatment of a quicker recognition of those kinds of things. And it's a series of bunch of tiny things. So, it's not like an asterix for you if that’s your main driver.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please proceed.
Brian Meredith: A couple questions here for you. First, Mark, when you talked about rate on the portfolio, the minus 0.8%, you said that's net of reinsurance. What does it look like on a gross basis before reinsurance? And I'm wondering the advantages you're getting and how that has looked over the last year or two so we can get a sense.
Mark Lyons: Yes, it's a little worst. But it's converting -- now it was really the benefit of property CAT really and some other debt that really grows the differential. So, but I can’t get into exact numbers, it's a little bit worst on a gross basis, but that's exactly why you protect yourself with an effective ratio. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then the second question, looking at Watford Re, I'm just curious. Obviously, a lot of growth there on a year-over-year basis, it's relatively new. But are we getting to a point in the marketplace where even Watford is going to potentially have to pull back a little bit, given the rate competition out there? 
Dinos Iordanou: Well, it will depend. If the same underwriting process that we have for everything else we do, the only difference between what Watford will do versus, what Arch will do is we believe that they've ability as they take a little more risk on the investment side to produce a higher return on the investments gets factored in, but they can be -- they’re turning down business tool. So, without having something in front of me, an account to go through is very hard to predict and that's why we never predict volumes because the market can be very fickle, it can churn on a dime either way, you can get much worst quickly and you can get much better quickly depending on what happens Our projection is that -- probably getting worse before it will get better and for that reason, we're very, very careful in our underwriting processes. So, we don't have these kind of feeling that we get too optimistic on the basis that things will change quickly and then we can make it up in the future. We tried to write accounts that in our view will produce an adequate return and that's why you saw a volume gone down a bit.
Brian Meredith: Right. Is there any business that you perhaps would have kept on Arch's balance sheet last year that now all of a sudden is going to Watford's balance sheet because of what's going on with rates? Are we seeing that?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, there is some of that, yes, absolutely, that's why -- and that was the purpose of us, creating Watford instead of throwing that business totally ours, at least -- we can go to applies that we get participation. We have on investment in it, they keeps us aligned in that and also we can benefit from the -- on sharing some of the course because if you discard the business you have no revenue at all, where if you riding it, you're getting reimburse for the cost of riding it and then potential that you have also the profit, sharing in the back end.  So, yes, there is some of that business that otherwise would have been lost by us, but it has gone to Watford, yes.
Mark Lyons: Brian, Watford has its own management team and they have the ability on yea and nay on contracts but let's move forward in year, it's possible Watford forget Arch and Watford. So, Watford itself may decide to not renew something that they've found in the prior year because of ongoing rates separation or yields nothing realize -- something in that nature. So, it's not just an Arch chances, it's completely on Watford sense in their evaluation. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America. Please proceed. 
Jay Cohen: Most of my questions were answered. Just one question on the mortgage segment. The accident year loss ratio jumps around quite a bit quarter-to-quarter. It's a relatively new business, I understand that. At some point, should we expect that number to settle down into a more narrow range going forward? 
Mark Lyons: The answer is accident year in mortgage business doesn't make much sense. It's after all the function of the delinquencies and then claims emanating from the delinquencies, until there is claim we can’t put a reserve of body, you can't anticipate performing loans becoming non-performing or having claims M&A from it. So we railed against the accounting proceeds statutory accounting in that business. So started jumping around.
Dinos Iordanou: I'll focus most on the delinquencies. It's the better measure than anything else. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Please proceed. 
Ian Gutterman : So I actually was going to ask something similar to Jay, so just to follow that up. Mark, can you just walk through a little bit -- you mentioned it was mostly the reinsurance loss issue that came in lower and it's not like there was some contracts that were reviewed. I guess can you sort of walk through that process? Is that sort of an annual review or was it just you got new information in the quarter and you reflected that? 
Mark Lyons: Ian it's no different than any sector of our business. There was reserve reviews by the business unit actuaries that occur every quarter. And it just happened that those particular treaties had enough information and forward review that it was going to develop more favorably and it was recognized. 
Dinos Iordanou: It's their reporting from the clients. When they are showing significant improvement you can’t ignore it and they have shown significant improvement.
Mark Lyons: But just like the PC reinsurance side, it's completely analogous. 
Ian Gutterman : Well, that's what I was wondering. Was it reports from the client -- it was a little bit different market. 
Dinos Iordanou: Report from the clients showing significant improvement. 
Ian Gutterman : Got it. So it wasn't that you guys went in and looked at the contracts on your own and decided to lower the roll rate or something like that. It was that incoming information was significantly better and that you had to adjust to that. 
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, pleasant surprise for both them and us. 
Ian Gutterman : And do you get that information on them quarterly or is that once a year thing or?
Dinos Iordanou: Quarterly 
Ian Gutterman : Got it, okay. And then just on M&A, one of the things that gets speculated upon is the ability for you or some others on the island to help sponsor an inversion of someone who wants to get offshore. A, just is that a meaningful rationale to do a deal that is -- meets your criteria on other metrics, but maybe not as strongly as another deal that was better strategically and so forth? And did it have a singled [ph] to it? And then I have a follow-up on that.
Dinos Iordanou: Like I said price and financial is the fourth item, so if the first three meet criteria, we would get into the forth and by the way our view is both in us purchasing something or somebody purchasing us because, unless your my wife who says the house is not for sale, you are going to have the right price, the house is for sale, I’ll sell my house if somebody gives me the right price. So no emotion here. Our view is we’re employed by the shareholders to do the best job for our shareholders and there is nothing more to think about other than that. 
Ian Gutterman : Got it. And then specifically just to follow-up on the inversion specifically -- I don't know how closely you guys have followed this. But I guess my understanding is that when Treasury made those changes last year that if a company like Arch were to buy a company in the United States and invert them that depending on how it was structured, there's chance Arch could lose its tax status. Is that your understanding? That essentially inversions are kind of on hold until Treasury clarifies that language? 
Dinos Iordanou: I have no idea because we haven't studied that and I don't have any more insight to it, it's highly a legal question than a structure question, if you want more, I'll do some research on it and offline we’ll share our thoughts with you. But it hasn't come across my desk as a situation that I have to focus on. 
Mark Lyons: That topic we really just focused on that fact that we recapitalized back in 2001 and all legislation and all proposals really had a grandfather clause. So I know you are asking a forward view but our look and the evaluation of that has been the preservation of what we have. 
Ian Gutterman : Yes, I'm asking if you wanted to do a transaction, there's no issue. There was some language I read about -- I can follow-up with Don off-line. But if you were to buy something, it could affect the status possibly, so I didn't know if that was a hang up. That's all I was wondering, but I'll follow up with Don.
Dinos Iordanou: It does as part of the mix. Would you think I'll do something stupid for my shareholders? 
Ian Gutterman : Of course not, just seeing if I was reading the language right, but you are not familiar we can follow-up offline. 
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: So first question on the underwriting margin going forward. It looks like the last price spot on long-tail casualty primary business, the pricing now below the cost trends. So are we expecting -- so on the reason basis, the underwriting margin will deteriorate. And anything in your power you can alleviate that or control that deterioration?
Mark Lyons: Yes, the answer is yes to both of them. We always talk about the mix of business, these guys are active cycle managers, whether it's within reinsurance or within insurance and when you see it going negative, you can either drop something your -- attempt to drop some of in front as volume but perhaps, as Dinos talked about earlier the reinsurance market is in a place where we can get attracted terms. And get some benefit on that on net basis. So the insurance group will be looking for that change in mix, frontend and change in reinsurance ameliorate some of that. So, and mix alone could change that guy. So, on the written basis, in a quarter or two from now even with no changes in reinsurance related programs by the cycle management that one could be a plus 2 or plus 2.5.
Kai Pan: Okay. On the reinsurance side, and it looks like this quarter, you said actually, the accident year loss ratio X CATs improved a little year over year. It's just because of lower level of losses or anything there?
Mark Lyons: Well that was the insurance comment. The insurance probably where you control for the large threshold was really the same loss ratio second quarter -- accident quarter, second quarter last year to second quarter this year. The reinsurance group it did go up a bit, but that’s the function of the mix to businesses because we’re not writing the property CAT. And we are near to the levels we used to in the past which has a much lower expected loss ratio.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. Then last question on the recently proposed IRS rules on Payflex [ph], I just wonder if any comments, what are you seeing about Watford's status on that?
Dinos Iordanou: Like I said, I mean we will -- you know Watford is an active insurer. It assumes the tremendous of amount of reinsurance. Their proposed rules are a working progress, so we don’t know the final rules but we will continue to monitor that processes and we have no -- we don’t believe there is problem for us complying with whatever rules they come up, because lets go back to the first thing, Watford is an active insurer that assumes a significant amount of reinsurance and it has significant of reserves.
Operator: I'll now like to turn the call back over to Dinos for closing remark.
Dinos Iordanou: Well thank you all for and we are looking forward to talking to you next quarter. And it's time for lunch.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Lyons - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Amit Kumar - Macquarie Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Meyer Shields - KBW Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Balyasny
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kathy and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statement in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessment and assumptions on a subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statement in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to turn the call over to the host for today Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. 
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you, Kathy and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Over all these years I thought I was the guy with the beautiful accent, but I think Kathy has put me to shame today. We had a good first quarter as earnings were driven by excellent reported underwriting and investment results. Our gross written premium grew by 1.3% in the quarter while our net written premium shrunk by 8.8% as growth in our insurance and mortgage businesses was offset by a decline in our reinsurance writings. Changes in foreign exchange rate reduced our net written premiums on a U.S. dollar basis by approximately $32 million or 3.4% of our volume in the quarter. On an operating basis we earned $1.17 per share which produced an annualized return on equity of 10.2% for the 2015 first quarter versus a 12.1% return in the first quarter of last year. On a net income basis, Arch earned $2.16 per share this quarter, which corresponds to a 15.8% return on equity on a 12 month trailing basis. Return on equity based on net income has averaged approximately 400 basis points higher than operating ROE over the past four years. Of course net income movements can be more volatile as these earnings are influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates and gains and losses in our investment portfolio. These effects have been more noticeable as we have increased our exposure to alternative asset classes and have remained focus on a total return strategy where some components of total return are classified below the line in our results. Our reported underwriting results were excellent as reflected by a combined ratio of 87.5% and were aided by low level of catastrophe losses and continue favorable loss reserve development. Net investment income per share was flattish for the quarter at a $0.55 per share which is down a penny sequentially from the fourth quarter of last year. Our operating cash flow was $16 million in the quarter as compared to $197 million in the same period last year and Mark will elaborate further on its components in a few minutes. Our investment portfolio performed well with a 205 basis point gain on a local currency basis and because of FX movements 111 basis points when measured in U.S. dollar Book value per common share at March 31, 2015 was $47.80 per share an increase of 4.9% sequentially while book value per share grew by 15.1% from March 31, 2014. With respect to capital management we continue to have capital in excess of our targeted levels and in the first quarter we repurchased 2.7 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $163 million. We’ve increased M&A activity in the sector, we continue to evaluated opportunities such as acquisitions, business units, people and renewal rights transactions. We prefer to deploy our excess capital back into our business, but as of today these efforts have not come into fruition. Currently competitive conditions make profitable growth in our traditional lines of insurance and reinsurance difficult to achieve. The insurance segment gross return premium grew by 5% in the quarter over the same period of last year primarily as the result of the renewal rights agreement entered into last year in our alternative markets line and modest growth in our excess and surplus casualty lines associated with our contract binding business. Net written premium in our insurance segment was essentially flat in comparison with the same period a year ago as reductions in our professional lines energy and marine lines and determination of one of our programs offset our growth in all other lines. In the primary markets in which our insurance group participates we continue to obtain the rate increases in most lines of business at approximately the same level as we observe last quarter. Competitive conditions in the property sector have negatively affected primary property rates and accordingly our U.S. premium volume in those lines. In our reinsurance segment softening, pricing and continued pressure on terms and conditions led us to reduce reinsurance writing by 6% on gross written or 1.7% decline if it was expressed in local currency. The decline though in net written premium of 21.5% was influenced by sessions to Watford Re was formed in the last days of the first quarter of 2014 but also reflects increased purchases of retrocessional protection in an opportunistic way Our mortgage segment includes primary mortgage insurance written through Arch in the U.S. reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk written globally as well as other risk sharing transactions mostly in the U.S. Gross written premium in the mortgage segment was $60.5 million for the first quarter of 2015 or a 26% increase compared to the first quarter of 2014 while net written premiums grew by nearly 20% over the same period to $51.9 million. Our U.S. mortgage operations acquired in late January of 2014 produced a little more than half of the segments net written premium in the first quarter with 24 million of net premium written emanating in the credit union channel while the bank channel produce 4 million in premium written for the quarter. As of March 31, 2015 we have approved more than 644 master policy applications from banks and more than a 190 of these banks have submitted loans for our approval. Of these master policies 37% represent national accounts and the balance is consisting of regional banks. Of the top mortgage originators for confirming mortgage sold to the GSC which mortgage insurance is usually brought. We now have approved master policies with each of the top 15 lenders and 21 of the top 25 and continue to make progress with the rest of the banking rules. Mortgage reinsurance premium written declined in the quarter as a new transaction agreed upon during the first quarter should begin to contribute to premiums written towards of next quarter. On the other hand, net earned premium rose 13% over the same period a year ago as earned premium on quarter share agreements written in prior periods usually produces a stream over a six to seven year period. We also continue to see opportunities in GSC risk sharing transactions which were primarily responsible for the 7.7 million of other underwriting income for the 2015 first quarter versus 800,000 in the same period of a year ago. Arch participated in 490 million of insured limits via Freddie type [ph] of transactions in the first quarter of 2015, no premium is reported for these transactions as current accounting treatment requires us to use derivative accounting. We expect risk sharing transactions issued by Freddie Mac to receive insurance accounting treatment on a perspective basis for all in force and also new transactions in the near future. While some of our business lines are seeing very competitive pricing conditions, Arch diversified mix of business and our willingness to exercise underwriting discipline should allow us to generate acceptable returns in the current competitive environment. Group wide on an expected basis, we believe the ROE on the business we underwrote this quarter will produce an underwriting ER written on equity in the range of 10% to 12%. Before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to discuss our PMLs. As usual I would like to point out that our CAT PML aggregates reflect business bound through April 1st, which the premium numbers included in our financial statements through March 31, and that the PMLs are reflected net of all reinsurance and retrocession. As of April 1st, 2015 our largest 250 year PMLs for a single event was essentially flat and it was in the Northeast at 550 million or 9% of common shareholder’s equity .Gulf of Mexico PML decreased to $495 million at April 1st and our Florida Tri-County PML decreased to $396million. I will now turn it over to Mark to comment further on our financial results and after his comments we will be happy to take your questions. So with that Mark, you have the floor.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Dinos and good morning all. As was true on last quarter’s call, my comments that follow today are on a pure Arch basis which excludes the other segment that being Watford Re unless otherwise noted. Furthermore, since the accounting definition of the word consolidated includes the results of Watford, I will not be using that term but instead will be the using the work core to refer to our combined segments of insurance, reinsurance and mortgage. This permits an apples-to-apples comparison of Arch’s current results with prior periods. Okay, that being said the combined ratio for the year quarter was 87.5% with 0.6 points of current accident year cat related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to the 2014 first quarter combined ratio of 84.6% which also reflected 0.6 points of cat related events. Losses recorded in the first quarter from 2015 events, net of recoverable and the reinstatement premiums totaled 4.6 million primarily emanating from our insurance exposures in Australia. The 2015 first quarter combined ratio reflected 7.8 points of prior year net favorable development net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 9.5 points of prior period favorable with development on the same basis in the 2014 first quarter. This result in a current core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for the first quarter of 2015 of 94.7% compared to 93.5% for the comparable quarter in 2014. In the insurance segment, the 2015 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 95.1% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 94.9% a year ago.  The reinsurance segments, had similar accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 94% even compared to 92.6% in the comparable quarter last year. As noted in prior quarters, the reinsurance segments results reflect changes in the mix of premiums earned including a lower contribution from property catastrophe and other property business. The proportion of the reinsurance segments net written premiums that is property or property cat related dropped from 33.2% to 30.2% quarter-over-quarter but falls further to 24.7% when Gulf Re premiums are removed. As you may recall, Arch assumes a UPR and loss portfolio transfer and intercepted 90% quota-share treaty last quarter which resulted in the explicit recording or business from Gulf Re through our income statement. Previously Gulf underwriting results were recorded in other income under our 50% joint venture arrangements. Our expectation is that regulatory authorities will improve this acquisition in the second quarter of this year. The mortgage segment 2015 accident quarter combined ratio was 94.1% compared to 84.3% in the comparable quarter last year. This increase is predominantly driven by the substantial change in mix resulting from the January 2014 acquisition of our U.S. primary mortgage operations. The insurance segment accounts for roughly 13% of the total net favorable development this quarter and was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from the 2010 to 2013 accident years. The reinsurance segment accounts for approximately 84% of the total net favorable development this quarter, also excluding associated impacts on acquisition expenses with approximately two thirds of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines concentrated in the more recent underwriting years and the balance due to net favorable development emanating from all years but primarily from the 2003 through 2010 underwriting years. Some of the prior quarters approximately 67% of our core 7.2 billion of total net reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses are IBNR as additional case reserves, which remains fairly consistent across both the reinsurance and insurance segments. The core expense ratio for the first quarter of this year was 34.5% versus the prior year’s comparative quarter expense ratio of 33.9% driven by an increase in the operating expense ratio of 2.2 points partially offset by a decrease in the net acquisition expense ratio of 1.6 points This increase in the operating expense ratio component reflects mostly a decrease in net earned premiums and also continues to reflect the addition of our U.S. mortgage insurance operations which is operating at a higher expense ratio till that business reaches steady state. Moving to the segments. The insurance segment improved to a 32.1% expense ratio for the quarter compared to 33.1% a year ago primarily reflecting a lower net acquisition ratio driven mostly by improved seating commissions on quota share contract seated. The reinsurance segment expense ratio increased from 32.1% in the first quarter of 2014 to 33.8% this quarter, primarily due to a lower level of net earned premiums. The mortgage segments expense ratio will continue to be high until proper scale is attained as I had mentioned previously. The ratio of net premium to gross premium for our core operations in the quarter was 71.9% versus 79.7% a year ago. The insurance segment at a 70.7 ratio this quarter compared to 74.7% a year earlier. This lower ratio which implies increased reinsurance seated comes primarily from the second quarter of 2014 as part of renewal rates transaction that brought more alternative markets capital business on the books. Absent this impact, the net to gross ratios are roughly flat quarter over quarter for the insurance group. In the reinsurance segment the net to gross ratio was 71.8% this quarter compared to 85.9% a year earlier, primarily reflecting increased property and property cat retro sessions and increased sessions to Watford Re as a reinsurer Shifting gears, our U.S. insurance operations achieved a 2% even effective renewal rate increase this quarter net of reinsurance. As commented on last quarter, the pricing environment is quite different for short-tailed lines versus long-tailed lines. Our short-tailed lines of business had an effective 4.5% renewal rate decrease for the quarter compared to a 3.5% effective renewal rate increase for the longer-tailed lines both on the net of reinsurance basis. Rate increases on these longer-tailed lines continue to be above our view of weighted loss trends. Looking more deeply some lines incurred rate reductions such as an 8.5% rate reduction in property lines and 3% in our high capacity D&L lines while others enjoyed healthy increases such as a 9% increase in our captive [ph] agents businesses and 8% increase in our lower capacity D&L line, 7% in accident and health and 6% increases in our high access workers compensation business. Also certain lines continued their achievement of strong cumulative rate increases. For example, our lower capacity D&L lines have now achieved 15 consecutive quarters of rate increases and have in fact secured double digit rate increase for two thirds of those 15 consecutive quarters. The mortgage segment posted 88.5% combined ratio for the calendar quarter. The expense ratio is expected, continues to be high on the operating ratio related to our U.S. primary operation and will remain elevated until that prementioned proper scale is achieved. The net written premium of 51.9 million is driven by the 27.9 million from our U.S. primary operation and 24 million even at net written premium from our reinsurance mortgage operations as Dinos mentioned which also includes the 100% assumed quota share of PMIs 2009 to 2011 underwriting years as part of the acquisition of the CMG companies and the PMI platform. As Dinos also has mentioned this segment had 7.7 million of other underwriting income for the quarter versus approximately 800,000 in the first quarter of 2014. This change was primarily due to an increase in the risk sharing transactions which are triggered as derivatives and mark to market each period. This quarter included approximately 3.5 million of catch up income as a consequences of the timings of when GSCs intercept the insurance product versus the corresponding capital market security. At March 31st, 2015, our risk enforce of 10.6 billion includes 5.7 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operations, 4.2 billion to world-wide reinsurance operations and 619 million through the risk-sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage operation down 1.8 billion of new insurance written during the quarter, which represents the aggregate of original principle balances of old loans receiving new coverage during the quarter. The weighted average score for the U.S. primary portfolio remains strong at 734 and weighted average loan to value ratio held steady at 93.3%. No states risk enforce represents more than 10% of the portfolio and our U.S. primary mortgage insurance company is operating at an estimated 9.3 to 1 risk to capital ratio as of the end of the quarter. The other segment i.e. Watford Re reported 100.3% combined ratio for the quarter, or nearly 125 million of net written premiums and 72 million of net earned premiums. As a reminder, these premiums reflect 100% of the business assumed rather than simply Arch’s approximate 11% common share addressed. The total return of our investment portfolio was a reported positive 111 bps in the first quarter primarily reflecting positive returns in our equity, and non investment grade fixed income sectors partially offset by the strengthening U.S. dollar on most of our foreign denominated investments. Excluding foreign exchange total return was a positive 205 bps for the quarter. Approximately 90% of invested assets are on U.S. denominated investments as of 3/31 2015. As Dinos mentioned the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar on our net written premiums was a reduction of approximately 32 million which was – 23 million affecting our reinsurance segment and 9 million affecting our insurance operations. The foreign exchange impact on other components of operating income was not material. Our embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.21% as the end of the quarter compared to 2.18% as of the year end while the duration of the portfolio remained virtually flat at 3.35 years. The current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rate in this current yield environment. Reported net investment income this quarter was $70.3 million or $0.55 per share versus $72.6 million or $0.56 per share last quarter and $67 million or $0.49 per share in the corresponding first quarter of 2014. As always, we’re evaluating investment performance on a total return basis and not merely by the geography of net investment income. Cash flow from operations on a consolidated basis including the other [ph] segment was materially lower than prior quarters as Dinos mentioned specifically 57% lower than the corresponding first quarter of 2014. This was caused by several factors, the most significant of which are one, reduced premium inflows net of commissions, two, increased reinsurance cessions and the ceding commissions, where appropriate, an increase in the cash outflows is sure it was net paid losses which includes payments on deductible and capital losses as well as some unusual large claims and fourth, an increase in the operating expenses including bonuses, U.S. mortgage expenses and some non-recurring expenses associated with certain business opportunities. This quarter’s level of operating cash flow however should not be viewed as a new run rate due to the timing issues and non recurring impacts. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income available to Arch shareholders for the first quarter of this year was an expense of 3.9% compared to an expense of 1.7% in the first quarter 2014. Fluctuations and the effective tax rate can result from variability in the relative mix of income or loss projected by jurisdiction. Our total capital was 7.19 billion at the end of the quarter, up 2.3% relative to the prior year end. During this quarter, we purchased 2.7 million in shares at an aggregate cost of 163 million. These repurchases represent a multiple of 1.28X of the quarter’s average book value and had the effective reducing quarter ending book value per share by $0.26. On the other hand, the effective foreign exchange on book value was a gain of approximately $0.25 per share as the benefit of restating insurance and reinsurance liabilities outstripped the decline in non-U.S. denominated investments. Out debt-to-capital remains low at 12.5% and debt plus hybrids represents only 7% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. As Dinos mentioned, we continue to estimate having capital excess above our targeted position and additionally 724 million remains under our existing buyback authorization as at the end of the quarter. Book value per share is now $47.80 at the end of the quarter up 4.9% from year end and 15.1% relative to a year ago and this change in book value per share this quarter primarily reflects the continued strong underwriting performance and investment returns. So with these introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi ,Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you, thanks for that. Just one question -- a couple questions I had. One was on the decline in CAT premiums in the Reinsurance segment. I was a little surprised that the underlying didn't change more, just given I expect that business probably booked at a lower loss ratio. Were there other --? I'm sure there are other mix issues that are impacting the underlying measures, so I just wanted to get some context on that if I could. Thanks.
Dinos Iordanou: Well first our approach to the cat business was to maintain as much of that business with a client base. So in essence we committed to the client with purchases and then we looked at the risk characteristics of that portfolio and where we felt it was advantageous for us to buy retro sectional color to protect our book we choose to do so. So that was the approach for the quarter. We believe that some segments of the cat business is still depending on what part of the curve you are is profitable at very good levels meaning mid teens ROEs and then on some other parts of the curve, they might be in the mid single digits which in our view we don’t want to end the right cap business with an expected return of mid single digits. So that in essence being our approach, Mark I don’t want – do you want to add anything else to that.
Mark Lyons: Yes. Sure. I’ll just add that and you – and the way you phrased your question you kind of answered it. This clearly is mix difference beyond the pure CAT aspect that Dinos mentioned. And then example of that would be – we seldom talk about it other than the fabulous result is the facultative group, which add fabulous results for the quarter, but not quite as fabulous as the prior quarter. So, you get little bit of mix differences and in the case of property businesses the combined ratios can move. As far as longer and medium tailed businesses the combined ratios associated those are consistent with what you’d expect in the declining market. You’re inching up higher and this is simply a mix, the cost of the quarter there was up to be with this.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then, should we think about in terms of like the capital intensiveness of your business declining as you continue to maybe mix away from more capital intensive business in reinsurance. Did that have an impact on your appetite for buybacks in the quarter or maybe the amount of capital that you’re willing to allocate to those sort of activities?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. There’s a more fact that usually, historically I would say that in the third quarter we refrain of buying back shares even when we have big buyback programs on the basis that it’s the CAT season and when we were committing 20% or 21% or 22% of our equity capital to a single event – a singly – 250-year, a single event, that is changing and as you saw with the numbers we have reported we’re in the sub 10% of capital in any one zone. And for that reason I think buyback opportunities are not going to limited to the second quarter but also in my view in the third quarter, because the cat PML aggressions we have and the excess capital that I have -- we have in the company there are such that I don’t worry too much about unusual event that it will cause us significant harm during the third quarter.
Michael Nannizzi: Great, thank you. And then just one quick one, just in terms of thinking about Watford and the reinsurance business, I mean, should we be thinking that your gross premiums might stick around where they are, but that we'll see just the cessions line just increase as you sort of toggle the premiums between those two segments? Is that how we should be thinking about it, or just if reinsurance market conditions continue, should we expect to see gross premiums decline as well? And, thank you for all your answers
Mark Lyons: Mike, good question. It is a difficult one to answer because it is the vagaries of the marketplace that drives that as to what we might balance [ph] and what might be natively written on Watford paper versus written by our Arch, Arch Re, Arch Insurance and ceded. So it’s really hard to say, what that direction might be. Just like a similar comment on any one of our units, that it’s hard to predict that. So I really prefer to not give a strong direction of response on that. But all I can tell that we’re continued to be really happy with the flow, the kind of business that we’re seeing and the sources of that business.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s hard to predict the future. I don’t know where the market is going to go. At the end of the day every single reinsurance transaction we do is based on the written characteristics. If it fits for Arch first, that’s our priority. We put it on our paper and we retain the risk and if it doesn’t, but because of additional potential investment return in Watford, its fits their model then we will put it there. And that’s the guiding principles that we have and we have been operating since the formation of Watford, and that will not change. So, trying to predict where the market is going to be is a dangerous – it’s a dangerous proposition. I don’t know where the reinsurance will be six months or year from today. My instructions to our troops and I think we got great underwriters, all you’ve got to do is look at their performance over the last 10, 12 years is behave prudently in the market that has been given to you and make the prudent underwriting decisions and don’t focus just on volume, just focus on return. And that’s our guiding principles.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thank you so much for the answer.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Amit Kumar of Macquarie.
Amit Kumar: Good morning and congrats on the quarter. Just a few questions on the MI segment. The first question on the discussion on the staggered program, clearly that’s a meaningful number this quarter. How should we think about that opportunity I guess going forward?
Dinos Iordanou: I’ll make three points and I’ll turn it over to Mark. He knows the numbers better than I do, but well as well.
Mark Lyons: Time will tell.
Dinos Iordanou: Its lumpy business, however the incentives for both Fannie and Freddie have been increased. Their targeted amounts have been increase as I think we talked in the last quarter significantly by 50%. Last year the GSCs, they had a target of $90 billion each. This year’s its target is $150 billion for Fannie and $120 billion for Freddie, which we believe they’re going to reach, as they reach their goals last year. So in essence they’re going to be more in the marketplace. Of course, they can use the cash market, the bond market or they can use their reinsurance MI market for those transactions. We were the innovators of these stacked transactions. The first one we did it was a combination of effort between us and Freddie Mac and their incentive is to put more and more of that business into different sources of private capital pools including the reinsurance market. So it’s going to be lumpy. We don’t know how many of these opportunities that are going to be there, that they’re going to come away. But we believe there going to be at an increase level from a year ago. And depending on pricing, we will continue to participate and that’s the best I can tell you, because we’re not magicians. But we can’t predict the future. But we feel confident that stacked transactions or stacked-like transactions will be more in 2015 that they were in 2014.
Amit Kumar: Got it.
Mark Lyons: Yes. I’ll just add to that, because I think you’re trying to add some of the mechanics of it is as there’s the capital market securities and then there’s the insurance fee and the capital market as I’ve alluded to in my prepared remarks. The capital market incept quicker and the corresponding insurance transaction tend to get bound three to nine months later, so it has build-in delay, yet the GSC still want to incept identically and concurrently with the capital markets product. So once we bind we may have three months, six months or whatever of catch-up premium that we have to book. So any given quarter could have some components of catch-up given that we continue to have a stream of these staggered transactions for Dinos’s comment. The other way you should think about it is think about the notional loans that make these traunches up, just like a subject based on the treaty. You have the rates that applies to it. However this subject base declines over time. So each of these stacked deal have a 10-year maximum but the average life is probably closer to seven to eight years. But you have a declining pace to which these monthly rates are applicable and a decline basically through prepayments, people moving, refis, here are the normal reasons why these things would roll off. So that mechanically I think that’s how you have to think about.
Dinos Iordanou: And to make your life little more difficult for your modeling, right now all this is accounted as derivatives that’s the $7.7 million that we talked about in other income, but we’re hoping soon they’re going to be converted to insurance accounting, so you going to have maybe a little more clarity, because we’ll reporting premiums, but we don’t know exactly when that is going to happen, and is going to done one a perspective basis [Indiscernible] but also for existing ones. Because don’t forget everything we bound last year or this year it will still have a life of six, seven years into the future. So, it would get a little more complicated and I feel bad for your models but eventually you’re going to get it, when we get it.
Amit Kumar: Life is complicated. Just one more question and I’ll take the rest offline. If I look at the loss ratio for the MI segment and if I compare that with some of the other I guess non-legacy MI player what the guidance they give and your presentation from March, is there a loss ratio running higher because it just shows the level of conservatism or is there more to it?
Mark Lyons: Well, your reference point, well, our loss was in mid 20s. But underneath that that continues to have improvement on our -- basically our relative delinquency percentages and things like that that continues to drop. But remember, you’ve got other things going now. We are reporting a segment total. So we are seeing an U.S. MI decline, but you also have any readjustments associated with our reinsurance divisions, reinsurance mortgage transactions that’s come through. In prior quarter we had I think some revaluations favorably on an insurance contracts, in this win, made -- one big deal maybe have gone the other way. You’re going to get little bit in the ways, but I think the key core of your question is that you’re continuing to see improvements in the delinquency and claims in the U.S. MI book and the answer is yes.
Dinos Iordanou: And when you compare those numbers with the other public numbers from the U.S. MI we are as good as even slightly better than that. However when you get into the reinsurance sector we have a little more flexibility on the reserving side to be conservative and I rather do that than be very aggressive on those ratios because at the end of the day early on an any business and depending if it’s the P&C business or the MI business, [Indiscernible] is a self-grading exam and your real exam comes when the real results come. So, that’s been our approach in everything we do and if I have the opportunity to be a big conservative, I will take that opportunity than the alternative.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That is ours [ph] philosophy. Thank you so much.
Dinos Iordanou: Don’t forget we have excess capital. We’re not capital constraint, so in that sense we got a lot of flexibility there.
Amit Kumar: I’ll stop here. Thanks for the time.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Thank you, and first question is on the CATs. Do you have any potential exposure to the Nepal earthquake, that the Baltimore riots as well as some other large losses like Pemex [ph]? 
Dinos Iordanou: I can ever say none, because I don’t know every contract we roll, but it’s minimal. My phone hasn’t rang and nobody whisper anything. And usually I’m the first to know.
Kai Pan: Okay. That’s great. Then on the insurance side you mentioned the casualty line pricing still outpacing loss cost trend. So but we haven’t seen that flowing through in your underlying combined ratio, just wondering are we going to see that in the near future?
Mark Lyons: Well, actually you have seen it. It depends on your time period over which you’re looking, but clearly the core ex-CAT actually and your combined ratio and loss ratio has improved. It been relative flat or move a couple of points here there from the corresponding quarter and that just make the noise.
Kai Pan: Okay. So you continue to see that, is there overall for the insurance second because what I see is really flattish, but you do expect that even the pricing in casualty lines?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. You see you got to look at the components. When you’re losing 8% to 10% rate on property which is a low attrition -- loan loss ratio business. So that has to move on.
Kai Pan: Okay. So there’s
Dinos Iordanou: So if these are 45, you might go to 52 or 53 maybe 55. And then you get the improvement on the other. So when you do it as a mix you might be offsetting some of the gain, so maybe is not that visible to you, because you got to look at the mix. We’re reporting the numbers as we see them, we look at the segments. Some of their low loss ratio of business has been declining for us because rates that been actually decline significantly, but is not that we’re not trying to hold on to the business but we do. But that make also has to be taken into consideration to see if our casualty loss ratios have improve by more than a couple of points over the last I would say, six, seven quarters.
Kai Pan: Okay. That’s great. Then on MI. I just want to follow-up on that, as you say, at what premium level do you think you can reach to kind of I don’t want to call it steady state, but more reasonable to leverage your expense?
Mark Lyons: I don’t think about it in that fashion, I think we’re going to reach probably steady state in approximately three years because you do two things. One, you have a minimum fix expense value requires for you as you building up the business. But also depending if that business built fast or slowly you have the ability to also adjust your staffing as you go along. I would think we’d not going to be at a steady state on the MI business until probably the end of the 2017, so probably 2018 will be our first year that we’ll say hey this is our steady state number. So that’s the way I think about it and I think our people think about it about the same way. Having said that, internally we look at the profitability of the business as we do with everything that we do independent of sector to ultimate. If I’m making an underwriting decision today what is that going to mean for the shareholders, because their shareholders they are forever and that’s the way we view shareholders. We don’t view them, today they are with us and tomorrow they are going to trade and get out. I view every dollar of capital is given to me that I have to guard it, that it there forever and that’s the way we think and that’s the way we behave.
Kai Pan: That’s great. Lastly if I may, if you look at the Watford investment return over the last few quarters, have been about to 3%, 4% annualized run rate, I just wonder could you give a little bit more color on the portfolio allocation as well as that what kind of target of return you have in mind?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, portfolio is fixed income as we mentioned before. It’s a fixed income base portfolio and generally lower investment grade or some non-investment grade, and that hasn’t change. It’s more the function of the performance and what’s rebounded, really in this quarter. So, there’s really, Kai, no really change in the asset allocation to talk of.
Kai Pan: And do you any target return for that portfolio?
Mark Lyons: Well, it’s not us, we have a target return. I think Watford Highbridge have target returns. I believe but you got to check with them. I believe their target returns on an unlever basis. It will be in their probably 5% to 6% and then on a lever basis because they expect to put about 50% leverage on it, it will boost return to high single digit. So that’s their target returns for the time, don’t forget the building up and they’re trying to invest all the investable assets that they have they are getting very close to that. But I think these are questions for Watford and not us, we’re just the minority shareholder in that.
Kai Pan: Well, thank you so much for all the answers. Good luck.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks guys. I guess my first question is probably for Mark, and it's a little bit of that pesky accounting one, just on understanding these stagger deals, but I just trying to think of how to think of the normalized run rate here on the 7-7. I mean, should we think about it -- if you guys don't write another deal in the second quarter would that stay kind of around here? Or, I think you mentioned $3 million of catch-up revenues; would it be $3 million less? Or would it be zero? I'm just kind of trying to understand how low these profitability
Dinos Iordanou: Well, again, without any forward looks and taking your assumption saying there’s nothing else written on a go forward basis what’s on the books. This said that around the number. The 7.5 million had 3.5 million of catch-up, so that’s 4 million and then you need to apply your own persistency exception of how fast those loans follow up. And that’s – you have to apply as the cases on that that your best way of doing it.
Dinos Iordanou: Okay. Let me give you a number and then you can do your decay factor yourself, right. All this staggered transactions we’ve done; they are pretty much last year, this year. They have $617 million of insure limit and our life time premium; it will be approximately $110 million, that’s the life time premium over the period. Now you can say it’s going to take six or seven or seven to eight years whatever. We believe that 2015 is approximately. We don’t do another transaction about 20 million, that will average about 5 million run rate a quarter, that will decline a bit if we don’t write any of it transactions in 2016 decline a little bit, in 2017 or until you get 11 million over the life time of contracts.
Mark Lyons: Yes, do you any clarification because that’s good view Dino that gave you but that’s an ultimate view or its nominal dollars. Secondly it’s ultimate. You who had asking a question on vagaries of timing, and timing of catch-up it’s hard to predict quarter by quarter by quarter. Dinos’s is right but it doesn’t address the timing of when they recognize.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. That’s helpful, I guess kind of seeing on a GSC deals, it sounds little more I guess higher level, but I guess up until now I think I’ve either you guys have said it, I read it some it, 70% of the capacity has been I guess capital markets driven. You guys have a view maybe looking at over the next two or three years. How much of that comes to the MI side as oppose to capital markets?
Dinos Iordanou: WE don’t that. I think that’s a question for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Actually in 2014 it was 80/20 it was only on the first quarter of 2015 that it was 70/30, they determine that and they – and that’s why it so hard to predict. They view I believe they view their reinsurance plays as more of a steady capital. We have a view that capital market is having a limited capacity, but that capacity it can difficult, it can be price very high at some points and very low at some other point. So it will depend on the pricing. They test the capital markets for us. They see what they can get from there they test the insurance and reinsurance market what they can get from there and they make those determinations. But they do have an incentive to broaden the base of private capital willing to take credit risk so they can de-risk pools significantly so they can go back to Congress and say we have the risk the entire portfolio, so the tax payer is only taking the very end tail risk, the black swan scenario, which I think is a good thing. It allows private market to price it and take the risk and nobody has the unlimited capacity to take unlimited risk. Only the government can do that. But that’s the very end and the tail even that none of us has the ability to do.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then I guess just quickly, my last one on the MI business, it looked like half of the NIW, it sounds like, didn't come from credit unions. I'm assuming it came from banks. I'm just interested, I guess, in kind of the breakout of that NIW, how much of that maybe came from your top five-type banks, how much of that came from some of the other nationals and some of -- and how much of it then came from the smaller guys. I don't know if you can give me that level of granularity but I'd be interested in that?
Dinos Iordanou: I don’t have it in front of me that granularity maybe one we have – I think we have our Investor Day coming up in June 8th and probably we’ll – I’ll make a note and then we’ll have a little more granularity to share with you. Usually we don’t try to focus. At this level of our development to specific originators we’re trying to get as broad as we can and sign as many of these originators and as you saw we’re pretty happy with where we are, we have 15 of the top 16. I don’t know what that’s top 15 is, but it might be, maybe 60%, 70% of the market. Now the question is how does that flow? The fact that you have connected all the pipes and you have all the agreement it doesn’t mean that water flowing freely. It starts trickling in and then it accelerate because all these things have to – there is a lot of work that needs to done on getting the systems to work with each other and start getting the flow. But we’ll give you more of a color in our. We’re going to have our MI make people doing a presentation and then we’ll get into that granularity at that point in time.
Ryan Tunis: That’s helpful. Thanks so much guys.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Sebaski of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Sebaski: Good morning, afternoon, I guess it is now. I had a question in trying understand the ROE impact, the ceded business to Watford Re. So, we don't know exactly what it is but this quarter it seems like it's maybe $50 million of business ceded to Watford. And I assume that that's 10% ROE business like the rest of yours? But the income to you guys from Watford on the minority ownership and other fees and other stuff, how does that transition? How do you look at that? You go, okay, we transitioned $50 million of premium that's generating a 10% ROE -- how does that return from Watford look relatively? And does that free up capital?
Dinos Iordanou: You’re starting with the premise that is incorrect.
Charles Sebaski: Okay.
Dinos Iordanou: If the $50 million had a 10% ROE it will be on our books. Based on the investment returns we achieve. Don’t forget we have an A plus rating, it requires a different capital and also it requires through the rating agencies and regulators at different investment philosophy. Now that business for us would have been maybe mid single-digit ROE, by putting it into Watford, we’re boosting the ROE because that set of shareholders they’re willing to take more investment risk. And the way you got to think about it is that about it is that they have at least I would say 250, 300 basis points investment advantage over a traditional P&C operation, having that advantage on business that it has approximately 3.5 year duration and 70% is loss and loss adjustment expense you can do the math you compound 300 basis points for 3.5 years, for 70% of the premium and you’re writing seven, eight points of ROE on an after tax basis. So you take something that is in the 6, 7 and it becomes 14, 15. So that’s the way you got to think about it. Now, 5, 6, 7 is not acceptable to us, because first of all, it creates a lot of pension within our ranks. Our incentive compensation for our underwriter is based on as achieving a minimum of 8% ROE. If we don’t achieve that I think we run home with empty pockets, our wives that really upset about that. So at the end of the year there is culture here when we get to our underwriting that we got heat on an accepted basis certain target if we don’t hit it that’s when we go. Now to do the math we get – not utilizing our own capital we get. Well, 11% we get by utilizing our investment which is our own capital, but of course we get fees and we get profit commission through the backend, we just have created to our shareholders because there is not utilization of capital for that. I haven’t done the mark on 50 million, but if you want me to do it I can do it and I have done, give you the arithmetic, but you can probably do the arithmetic yourselves.
Charles Sebaski: That’s what I thought, I mean, regardless to the initial premise of 10% ROE being wrong and its mid-single digits, but when you see that conceptually whatever capital was supporting that to begin with is now free and clear, if it go on to capital management.
Dinos Iordanou: That’s correct.
Charles Sebaski: And the return that generated from 11% ownership is a magnitude higher relative to now that freed up capital, right, because…?
Dinos Iordanou: That’s the right way to think about it, yes. A - Mark Lyons Investment return, long term investment return leverage over a traditional insurer being realized.
Charles Sebaski: And so, then on that basis so in that construct how much business currently can you see to when you look at your book, if we look at this year I mean, what’s the potential obviously this changes in market pricing that can be seeded or is there a governor or a limit on in any given period how much business you can see to them?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. There is limitation on the basis of their capital base. When we see business to them they collateralized it for us on the expectancy. So in essence there is limitations from their point of view as to how much they can write based on their capital base, independent if he is cessions from us for things they write directly into the market themselves. And of course how much capacity they have or neither LOCs nor other collateral they have to put up depending where the business is emanating. So, but we seems this is a new company then he has quite a bit of capital. They have in excess of cash [ph] in capital. They got a size 10 shoe and a size three foot right now. So there is plenty of room for the foot to grow into the shoe.
Charles Sebaski: And outside of your return dynamics in the reinsurance book of mid single-digit ROE profile, is that really the only limiting factor for you in ceding business there or it just sort of this business is below our return threshold outside of that there’s no other, hey, we’re not going to do more than this or there’s what other factors might be?
Dinos Iordanou: There is three scenarios here, okay. And I’ll give you the scenarios. Let me start with a premise. We have an obligation. It’s a contractual obligation as a matter of fact I think I don’t know, a dozen or more of our employees are actually dual employees. They are employed by us and also they’re employed by Watford. Their portion of their salaries paid for them for activities that they do on their behalf. Now business comes to us. We underwrite it and we decide that it fits the Watford model, we put it there. Business originates from Watford. They fill in the market and then they use those employees and then say hey we sourced this, we got these phone calls directly, underwrite this piece of business for us. That can take two paths. One path is the client he might be European client will accept the Watford paper or it might be a U.S. client or and they say, we want Arch to issue and reinsure back to you. So those are three scenarios that happened. In the first one we determine the ROEs based on what we’ve seen. It doesn’t fit our book. It fits theirs, we will put it there. In the other two scenarios we got an obligation to what the deals on their behalf we work the deals. And in some cases when I say kind we have a little piece of this because – and depending on how much of that deal they want to give us we might even take it at all. Don’t forget Arch takes 15% of those deals through the backend for underwriting consistency, so when I generate some activity for Watford that it was originated and it was Watford paper not only I have 11% ownership in the company, but also I take a 15% quota share through the backend. So it’s not – it’s hard for you guys to look at all the components and even our reporting with the other sector sometimes it might be getting a big confusing to you, but at the end of the day I’m trying to explain to you all the scenarios and those are the three scenarios usually that happen on a day-to-day basis.
Mark Lyons: The only thing that I would add is a different cut of it by a line of business as oppose to the flow of business, Dinos has talked about that. And it’s been more decision of upfront, not fund return characteristics as much as preservation of capital to not put a lot of CAT business in there because you could get unlucky and have a cash call early and you want that compound interest on a fixed income strategy to have your building to work in compound. So if you have a big cash call early, you hurt the ability for that to happen 
Dinos Iordanou: And the longer the tail the better the advantage they have. So the construct of that book is not to feed it with a lot of short tail business, that’s not really where they have the advantage. The advantage is no longer tail lines. Low volatility, more predictable combined ratios longer tail. Hard to find, hard to do but that’s the premise.
Charles Sebaski: Thank you very much for the answers.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question from Meyer Shields – Meyer your line is now live. Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields: Sorry about that. Hi, two quick questions if I can. First of all I guess the corporate or other expenses were down about 30% year-over-year. Is that sort of decrease sustainable?
Dinos Iordanou: What I can tell you on corporate expense we’re not – I don’t like overhead and I’m not adding to it so I would say they probably be steady. I haven’t really focused on the delta this quarter to see if it was significant or not but I can tell you we’re keeping a very lien holding company staff. Mark you have any more detail on that.
Mark Lyons: Yes, on corporate expense if we are characterizing it at the same way – it was down around 13% to 15% and it was mostly driven by reduction in stock option expense. So that depends on what people do and that effectively not allocate exercise and so forth. So, I would say we continue to look to push those down, but I wouldn’t go crazy expecting a compounded benefit every quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that’s helpful. Does the opportunity exists none of their low premium volumes in the reinsurance segment to reduce the expenses there?
Dinos Iordanou: The expenses there in the MI bucket and that is a clean number. When internally we look at it, we have a different set of numbers but accounting requires you to report in a certain way so we report all the MI expenses under the MI sector and their other income comes clean of any expenses.
Meyer Shields: Perfect. Okay, thanks so much.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. A couple of questions, I guess starting with the mortgage side. When the accounting -- if and when the accounting changes, for the staggered transactions, will the bottom-line impact be vastly different on a quarterly basis? If you're accounting as insurance versus derivative?
Dinos Iordanou: No, it should be just more a explosion of a single line into a lot of lines. Written premiums, earned premium expense, acquisition cost, loss reserves, aid [ph] losses, but bottom line it ain’t going to change anything.
Jay Cohen: Okay, that’s good to know. And I guess the other question, within the mortgage segment you do have these other operating expenses, kind of moving up as you build out that business, when did they start to level off?
Dinos Iordanou: We’re in a steady state now on dollar expenditure. Our marketing team is fully deployed, there is no significant positions for us to fill. So right now is just for them to go out and execute in the market place. But the build up after we have brought the assets from the CMG and the assets from PMI it was to create these marketing team that we have which is approximately give or take a few reps of about 60 people. And we have reached that level now; we have filled every single key position.
Mark Lyons: So I would just add to that. Spending on what you are looking at quarter over quarter you – at Jay. Quarter over quarter you got the distortion because the first quarter of 2014 was only two months, not three months which I think. But on the serial point of view the one of the tweak for what Dino says to all the sales people now on board is there is a split of the expenses of the U.S. MI staff that’s cat and net to us versus what goes back to PMI. And that changes as a function of the work that’s done. So the simplest to think of is and it varies by function, controller ship and IT and so forth, but is a claim function. As claim inventory liquidates on that finite set of claims the dollars associated with the claim function would shrink and therefore Arch as opposed to PMI would absorb those. So that mixture changes overtime and that’s the only other tweak I would make to Dino’s comment, right.
Dinos Iordanou: But with this based on activity we have the ability to manage that, right. But the activity from us managing the PMI run offs so to speak it will diminish over the next three, four, five years and now it’s a question, do we need all that personnel and if we do we’ll keep them because we are building our business versus allocating all that goes back to PMI.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Perfect. The last question was with Watford Arch earned some fees for running, helping run Watford where does it show up in your reported results?
Dinos Iordanou: There’s more than one place, but most of them at this points in an offset to acquisition.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Acquisition in your reinsurance segment?
Dinos Iordanou: Correct, yes.
Jay Cohen: [Indiscernible] M&A some of it was right.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s right.
Mark Lyons: And don’t forget Jay, profit culminations are not in that yet, right.
Jay Cohen: Right. Got it.
Dinos Iordanou: You got to see that quick in first.
Jay Cohen: Perfect. Thanks for the answers.
Dinos Iordanou: You are welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Ian Gutterman of Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: Dinos, I think the souvlaki is going to all be gone; this call has gone so long here. 
Dinos Iordanou: No, no today on the menu is [Indiscernible] 
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I hope we’ll have some others in June.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes you will.
Mark Lyons: See Ian, we all learnt something.
Ian Gutterman: So, I guess my first question is, the other specialty reinsurance has been declining at a fairly noticeable pace the past few quarters. Could you give a little color on what specific lines in there are shrinking and maybe even what's left that remains, that's a big part of that line at this point?
Dinos Iordanou: Well Mark, you want to handle that?
Mark Lyons: Well let me just pull this something, okay.
Dinos Iordanou: The one obvious place is property cap which – and then we reduce significantly on the more or quarter shares overseas that’s another area. And then it will give you more granularity Mark.
Mark Lyons: Because as we – I think our reinsurance group is good at finding opportunistic opportunities. And you get them they hit a quarterly statement and they are really not renewable. So you may recall we had conversations of some relatively large premiums a year ago this quarter that were opportunistic in nature and those didn’t repeat. So and that’s where all those specialities are. There was also a bit of a fall off in some accident and health business. But I think predominantly you can – besides what Dino said you focus in on these opportunistic transactions that were unique to the market place at that time.
Ian Gutterman: Perfect, I just want to make sure on that. With the decrease in the CAT exposure and the short-tail exposure, can you give us a sense of how much your CAT load has come down on a model basis?
Dinos Iordanou: Well pretty material as you might guess.
Mark Lyons: Ian, do the calculation I haven’t done it. But go to the old PMLs and do the division between the new PML and the old and that will give you and indication as to what the –
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And I was wondering whether that would work or not.
Dinos Iordanou: I would say right now if I would take a guess it will be around 40 million a quarter of thereabout so it will be about, I would say instead of 200 plus it might be about 160.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, okay thank you.
Dinos Iordanou: But then listen, this is back of the envelope. I’m pretty sure on the back of the envelope, but there is no precision in that number.
Ian Gutterman: No that’s okay, I was just trying to get the ballpark, okay.
Mark Lyons: Might be 159.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly, point two. The other thing I was wondering on PML is can you give us a sense of how different, how much your gross PMLs come down relative to your net PML meaning how much of the PML reduction is there are the increased retro buying versus actually cutting the gross?
Dinos Iordanou: Well the gross came down a little bit. It was maybe in the order of about 5%, 6% they are about and then most of the other reduction is reduced writings and also retro session of buying.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, got it. And then my last thing before letting you get to meet bowles [ph] is…
Dinos Iordanou: Well [Indiscernible] there is no mid bowles in Greek language.
Ian Gutterman: I know, I can’t pronounce that Dinos, I’m not as good; I don’t have that dialect down yet. Just as far as how to think about excess capital, right. I mean obviously with much of us cat you should be able to write it a different premium and the surplus than you used to, right. So how shall we – is there a good metric to think about rule of the thumb for how to evaluate excess capital?
Dinos Iordanou: There is no rule of thumb. We run the SMP model of course, if you riding those cat the allocation to the cat business from a capital point of view is less. We factor that in into our excess capital calculation and then we make decisions of that. I – listen I got a guy [Indiscernible] he’s got to do some work at some point of time. I got to ask him to do something. So he does a lot for us.
Ian Gutterman: I mean if I were to just look at sort of the capital charge for your PML how much has come down and then say that’s one part and then the other part would obviously be the – between earnings and return of capital. Is that a fair way to look at it essentially?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes it is and also you got to look at the mortgage as we deploy more capital. Even though in the mortgage we are over capitalized already, it’s going to take us another, I don’t know six quarters maybe even longer to fill the shoe so.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, I guess what I'm dancing around; maybe I'll ask a little bit more directly -- it seems like excess capital is getting to be maybe, I have to go back to some of the times when it was really high, but it may be getting in the upper quartile of where it has been historically.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s up there, yes. But from a rating agency perspective to your play. Pretty close to every dollar we have a reduction in – as a dollar to excess capital.
Ian Gutterman: Well that’s kind of what I am getting at, okay. All great thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. You have no further questions. I would now like to turn the call over to Dinos for closing remark.
Dinos Iordanou: Well thank you all for listening and we are looking forward to the next quarter. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Lyons - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Charles Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Quarter Four 2014 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Laura and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants will be in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statement in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessment and assumptions on a subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statement in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to turn the call over to Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Please proceed.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you, Laura. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. We had an excellent fourth quarter in closing a very, very good year. In our history over the last 12 years, we had three years that we are in over $800 million of net income and this is one of them. Earnings were driven by excellent reported underwriting results and solid investment results. Net premium revenue grew by 7.5% as growth in our insurance and mortgage businesses more than offset a decline in reinsurance net writings. As a reminder, our U.S. direct mortgage business was acquired in the first quarter of 2014 and therefore the year-over-year comparison should be viewed in that light. On an operating basis, we’re in $1.15 per share for the quarter which produce an annualize return on equity of 10.4% for the 2014 fourth quarter versus 11.7% return in the fourth quarter of 2013. On a net income basis, Arch earned $1.60 per share this quarter, which corresponds to an annualize 14.5% return on equity. As we discussed in prior calls, starting shortly after the financial crisis, we have allocated a greater portion of investable assets in alternative categories, which includes all of our equity investments. Looking back over the past five years from 2010 to 2014, operating return on average equity has averaged 10% annually where our net income ROE has averaged 14%. This is a significant delta of 400 basis points over each year and roughly translates into an additional 190 million of annual income for each of the last five years. As I indicated earlier, our reported underwriting results in the fourth quarter were excellent as reflected by a combine ratio of 85.5% and were rated by low level catastrophe losses and continue favorable loss reserve development. Net investment income per share on a sequential basis increased for the quarter to $0.56 per share, up from $0.53 per share in the third quarter of 2014. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was essentially flat at 227 million compared to 224 million in the same period last year. Despite headwinds from foreign exchange the total return of the investment portfolio was 85 basis points for the quarter and 134 basis points if expressed in local currency. As you know, we maintain a natural hedge with our investments as we match our outstanding liabilities in the currency that exists with investments in the same currency. A book value per common share at December 31, 2014 was $45.58 per share, an increase of 3.5% sequentially and 14% annualize and 14.5% as it compares to the fourth quarter of 2013. With respect to capital management, we continue to have capital in excess of our targeted levels and in the fourth quarter 2014, we repurchased 3.6 million shares at an average price of $56.28 for a total cost of 202 million and have purchased an addition 70 million of our shares still for in the first quarter of 2015. We’ve increased M&A activity in the sector, we continue to evaluated opportunities such as acquisitions, business units, peoples and renewal rights transactions. As you know, we prefer to deploy our excess capital back into our business, but today these opportunities have not met our criteria. The insurance segment’s gross return grew by 9.8% and net return premium by a similar 9.6%. The growth emanated from our professional lines, excess and surplus casualty business including our contract binding unit and alternative markets and it was partially offset by decrease in construction in national accounts businesses. Mark will have more details on this later in the call. Most of our organic growth in coming from small accounts with low limit which should have lower volatility. On the other hand, competitive conditions in the property sector had negatively affected primary property rate and accordingly our U.S. premium volume in those lines. In the primary markets in which our insurance group participates, despite an increase competitive market place, we continue to maintain rate increases in most lines of business at approximately the same level as we have absorbed last quarter. On the reinsurance side of the business, as you might have heard on other calls from our competitors, we have seen a continuation of softening in pricing and broadening pressures on terms and conditions. From a premium production point of view, net return premium was down 6.5% in the quarter for the reinsurance group where gross premiums rose by nearly 5% with the growth in the segment primarily from businesses we produce on behalf of Watford Re. Our mortgage segment includes primary mortgage insurance within through Arch MI in the U.S. and reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk which is written globally as well as other risk sharing transactions. Net premium - net written premium in this segment decline sequentially in the fourth of 2014 to 53 million from 58 million in the prior quarter. As we discussed last quarter, some of our growth in the third quarter came from participation on single pay premium policies, these are loans where the mortgage insurance premium is paid up front. In the fourth quarter, we have seen increased competition in the single pay premium policies and as a result, we reduce our writing significantly. As in all of our units, underwriting discipline is the foundation that Arch was built on and we will continue to exercise that discipline in all of our segments. What is important to note is that our sales forces now fully staff and as a result of their efforts, we continue grain traction in the bad channel. As of December 31, we have approved more than 481 master policy applications from banks and more than 150 of these banks have already submit loans us for our approval. Of these master policies, 34 represent national accounts and the balance are regional banks. Of the top 25 mortgage originations for conforming mortgage sold to the GSCs with of course attach mortgage insurance, we now have approval on master policies with 19 of those 25 lenders. We continue see GSC risk-sharing transactions increasing in 2015 with GSC established goals for credit risk-sharing rising from 90 billion. This is national value of mortgage loans for each Fannie and Freddie in 2014 to 150 billion and a 120 billion for Fannie Freddie respectively in 2015, that’s a significant increase. Today on average, approximately 70% of the risk-sharing has been provided by the capital markets, although an increasing percentage of the risk pool has been allocated to the insurance and reinsurance markets in 2015. While care on accounting treatment requires us to use the derivative accounting for the GSC risk-sharing transactions, we expect these contracts to receive insurance accounting treatment on a perspective basis for all enforce and addition new transactions in the near future. Group wide on an expected basis, we believe the ROE on the business we underwrote this past year will produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 10% to 12%. As on a percentage valued basis, improvement in the insurance group and the addition of the mortgage segment approximately offset lower expected returns in the reinsurance segment. Before in turn it over to Mark, I would like also to give you our PMLs. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PML aggregates reflect business bound through January 1st, which the premium numbers indicated in our financial statements through December 31 and that the PMLs are reflected net of all reinsurance and retrocession we purchased. And so January 1st, 2015 our largest 250 year PMLs for a single event decreased significantly in the Northeast to 544 million or 9% of common shareholder’s equity while Gulf PMLs also decreased to $527 million and our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $419 million. Last quarter I said that was the lowest numbers as of that time, this quarter now brought us to even lower PML accumulation for the group. I will now turn it over to Mark to comment further in our financials and then we’ll come back and take your questions. Mark.
Mark Lyons: Thank you, Dinos and good morning everyone. As was true [ph] on last quarter’s call, my comments that follow today are on a pure Arch basis which excludes the other segment that being Watford Re unless otherwise noted. Furthermore, since the accounting definition of the word consolidated includes the results of Watford, I will not be using that term but instead will be the using the work core to refer to our combined segments of insurance, reinsurance and mortgage. This for me, it’s apples-to-apples comparison of Arch’s current results with prior periods. So moving on now with has been defined, the combined ratio this year quarter for our core businesses was 87.5% with 2.3 points of current accident year cat related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to the 2013 fourth combined ratio of 85.4% which reflected 2 point of cat related events. Losses recorded in the fourth quarter from 2014 catastrophic events, net of reinsurance recoverable and reinstatement premiums totaled 19.9 million primarily emanating from our reinsurance operations representing smaller events around the globe. The 2014 fourth quarter core combined ratio reflected 8.3 points of prior year net favorably development net of reinsurance related acquisition expenses compared to 7.9 points of prior period favorable on the same basis in the 2013 fourth quarter. This resulted a 93.5% current core accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for the fourth quarter 2014 compared to the 91.3% accident quarter combined ratio in the fourth quarter of 2013. In the insurance segment, the 2014 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats with 96.4% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 96.5% a year ago and also represents a sequential improvement from the 98.0 accident quarter combined ratio last quarter. The reinsurance segment, 2014 accident quarter combined ratio without cats was 87.3% compared to 84.9% in the 2013 fourth quarter, but this also represents a sequential improvement from the 90.6% combined ratio last quarter. As noted in prior quarters, the reinsurance segments results reflect changes in the mix of premiums earned including a lower contribution from property catastrophe business. The mortgage segment 2014 accident quarter combined ratio with 98.9% compared to 62.1 for the four quarter of 2013. This increase is predominantly driven by the substantial change in mix resulting from the January 2014 acquisition of our U.S. primary mortgage operations. The full accident year 2014 core combined ratio without cats was 94% even versus 91.3% for the full 2013 accident year. By segment, the insurance group’s full 2014 accident year was 96.3% versus 97.5% for the 2013 accident and the reinsurance group combined ratio for the full 2014 year was 90.7% versus 82.9% for the 2013 accident year. The insurance segment accounts for roughly 16% of the total net favorable development in the 2014 fourth quarter excluding the associated impact of acquisition expenses and this was primarily driven by shorter tailed lines from the 2007 to 2013 accident years. The reinsurance segment accounts for approximately 84% of the total net favorable development this quarter with approximately half of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed liens concentrated in the more recent underwriting years and about half due to net favorable development on longer-tailed lines primarily from the 2002 through 2006 and 2009 through 2011 underwriting years. Our core operations across the full 2014 calendar year experienced 307 million of net favorable development, net of reinsurance reinstatement premium as a related acquisition expenses which represents 8.8% combined ratio points versus 254 million of net favorable development last year for the 2013 calendar year which represent 8.1 combined ratio points. This full 2014 calendar year net favorable development was approximately split 15% reinsurance group and 85% in the reinsurance segment. Approximately 68% of our core 7.3 billion of total net reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses are IBNR as additional case reserves, which remains fairly consistent across both the reinsurance and insurance segments. The core expense ratio for the fourth quarter of 2014 was 34.7% versus the prior year’s comparative quarter expense ratio of 33.7 driven by an increase in the operating expense ratio partially offset by a decrease in the acquisition expense ratio. The increase in the operating expense ratio component continues to reflect the addition of our U.S. mortgage insurance operations which is operating at a higher expense ratio and so business hit to steady state, as well as the effect of incremental expenses due to certain platform expansions in both our reinsurance and insurance businesses. The insurance segment improved to a 32.4% expense ratio for the quarter compared to 33.9% a year ago primarily reflecting a lower net acquisition ratio driven mostly by a change in the accounting treatment of New York workers’ compensation surcharges and securing improves treaty seating commissions on quota share contract seated. The reinsurance segment expense ratio increased from 31.7% in the fourth quarter to - in the four quarter of 2013, the 32.5% this quarter, primarily due to a higher level of operating expenses supporting selected platform expansions. The ratio of net premium to gross premium, our core operations in the quarter was 75.2% versus 78.4% a year ago. The insurance segment had a virtually constant ration with 69.1%. The reinsurance segment net to gross ratio was 85.5% this quarter compared to 96% a year ago, primarily reflecting sessions to Watford Re as a reinsurer. Our U.S. insurance operations achieved a plus 3.3% effective renewal rate increase this quarter net of reinsurance. As commented on last quarter, the pricing environment is quite different for short-tailed lines versus long-tailed lines. Short-tailed lines of business had an effective 2% renewal rate decrease for the quarter compared to a 4% effective renewal rate increase for the longer-tailed lines both on the net of reinsurance basis. Rate increases on longer-tailed lines continue to be above our view of weighted loss trends. Looking more deeply some lines incurred rate reductions such as nearly 6% reduction in property and 3.5% reduction in our high capacity D&L lines while others enjoyed healthy increases such as 9% effective rate increase and our lower capacity D&L line, 10% increase in national account businesses, 6.5% rate increases in our contract binding book, 6% increases in our A&H or accident and health business and 4.5% rates increases in programs. Also certain lines continued our achievement of strong cumulative rate increases. So for example, our lower capacity D&L lines have now achieved 14 consecutive quarters of rate increase and have in fact secured double digit rate increase in 10 of those 14 consecutive quarters. The mortgage segment posted 100.6% combined ratio for the calendar quarter. The expense ratio is expected and as mentioned earlier, continues to be high as the operating ratio related to our U.S. primary operation will remain elevated into a proper scale as achieved. The net written premium of 52.7 million in the quarter is driven by the 25.3 million from our U.S. primary operation and 27.4 million of net written premium from our reinsurance mortgage operations including the 100% quota share PMIs 2009 to 2011 underwriting years as part of the acquisition of the CMG companies in the PMI platform. This reflects a lower sequential level of written premium on competitively bid single premium U.S. insurance as Dinos has already noted versus the 2014 serial quarter for the third quarter. At December 31st, 2014, our risk enforce for mortgage business equaled 10.1 billion which included 5.6 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operations, 4.4 billion to our world-wide reinsurance operations and 135 million through the risk-sharing transactions. Our primary U.S. mortgage operation down 1.4 billion of new insurance written during the quarter, which represents the aggregate of original principle balances of old loans receiving new coverage during the quarter. The weighted average cost for the U.S. primary portfolio remains strong at 733 and weighted average loan to value ratio held steady at 93.4%. No states risk enforce represents more than 10% of the portfolio and our U.S. primary mortgage insurance company is operating at an estimated 9.5 to 1 risk to capital ratio at year end 2014. The other segment which is effectively Watford Re reported 101.6 combined ratio for the quarter, nearly 91 million of that written premiums and 53.6 million of net earned premiums. As a reminder, these premiums as posted reflect 100% of the business assumed rather than simple Arch’s approximate 11% common share addressed. Our joint venture Gulf Re produced a 5 million loss for the quarter, due to an unusually high frequency of large technical risk losses coming from the Middle East. This is reflected as an income statement within the other income line. Effective October 1st, 2014, Arch Re to acquire completed ownership of Gulf Re and is also institute the loss portfolio transfer including an unknown premium reserve transfer and established an ongoing 90% quarter share agreement for new and renewal business. Final approval the acquisition terms is pending with the Dubai Financial Services Authority. The total return of our investment portfolio was a reported positive 85 bps in the 2014 fourth quarter reflecting positive returns in our equity, alternative investment and investment grade fixed income sectors partially offset by the impact of strengthen U.S. dollar on most of our foreign denominated investments. Excluding foreign exchange as Dinos mentioned, total return was a positive 134 bps in the 2014 fourth quarter and on a full 2014 calendar year basis, the total return was a positive 321 bps and excluding foreign exchange, return was a positive 426 bps led by our alternative and equity sectors. Our embedded pre-tax yield before expenses was 2.18% as of year-end compared to 2.21% at September 30th, while the duration of the portfolio lengthened slightly to 3.34 years from last quarter’s 3.28 years. Fixed income duration fluctuate due to technical investment decisions as opposed to long terms strategic shifts. The current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rates in the current yield environment. Reported net investment income for this was 72.6 million or $0.56 per share versus 72.2 million in the 2014 third quarter of $0.53 per share and versus 67.1 million or $0.49 per share in the 2013 fourth quarter. As always, we’re evaluating investment performance on a total return basis and not really by the geography of net investment income. Interest expense of 12.7 million has returned to the quarterly run rate after last quarter’s adjustment that we discuss for a certain loss portfolio transfer. Our effective tax rate and pre-tax operating income available to our shareholders for the fourth quarter of 2014 with an expense of 1.7% compared to an expense of 8.3% in the fourth quarter 2013. The full year of 2014 effective tax rate and pre-tax operating income was 2.4% versus 4.8% for calendar year 2013. Fluctuations and the effective tax rate can result from variability in the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Our capital was 7.03 billion at the end of this year, up 0.7% relative to September 30th and up 7.4% relative to year-end 2013. During this quarter, as Dinos mentioned, we purchased nearly 3.6 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately 202 million brining our full year repurchases to 454 million. These repurchases occurred during the third and fourth quarter since we repurchased no stock in the first half of 2014. Our repurchases during the year were accomplished had an approximate 1.25 X multiple to average book value. Furthermore, approximately 887 million remains under our existing buyback authorization at year-end 2014. These share repurchases in the quarter have the effective reducing book value per share by $0.29 and $0.59 for the entire year. Out debt-to-capital remains low at 12.8% and debt plus hybrids represents only 17.4% of our total capital which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. As Dinos already said, we continue to estimate having capital excess of our targeted position. Dinos has already commented on book value and changes in book value, so I don’t need to repeat that. So with these introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions,
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sativa [ph], JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning.
Dinos Iordanou: Good morning, Savita.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted your due on the recent consolidation in the industry and what are your thoughts on the implications of that from the competitive standpoint and do you feel the need of the bigger perhaps it sounds like $10 billion of new minimum?
Dinos Iordanou: Well first the consolidation I think is positive for the business. You eliminate some competitors, you creating larger enterprises and hopefully more responsible enterprises from pricing and risk taking point of view. So in all and all I think you know I view that as positive. There would be less what I would call desperate competitors doing things that they can be extremely competitive in the market. So on the size question, I don’t - if you retain a company you might have this advantages but I don’t know if 5 billion or 10 billion is the new norm. As far as we concern is quality that we are looking for not size, quality in underwriting talent and ability in upsize. We have an upsize as a company where our market cap is approaching a billion, we have over 7 billion of net capital. And for that reason, we are more focus to do things that make for Arch and our shareholders rather than focusing what size our companies.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then on mortgage insurance, could you update us on your long-term outlook for that business? Is it still reasonable to think it could be 15% of your earnings in five years particularly given some of your comments around some increased competition in particular lines?
Dinos Iordanou: Your first question, yes I think it can be 15 even maybe 20%. Don’t forget, we a global mortgage business, is not just the U.S. Primary MI, there is sharing transactions that they are coming from the GSCs. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, they are allocation a larger portion of that to the insurance, reinsurance market instead of just a capital market and also they are increasing their purchasing. These are - a lot of these transactions are their protection that Fannie and Freddie buys for their 60 to 80 LTV loans. We don’t require by law to mortgage insurance. In addition to that our penetration with the bank channel even though has been extremely good. I - we have signed 19 out of the top 25, but it takes time to start receiving and underwriting and binding that insurance with these channels. And we are more optimistic today that I was a year ago that not only the business is still very good despite some competition in one tiny segment of the business, it’s - the upfront paid single premium is not a huge part. Well the business is significant part but if there is competition there, we don’t need to - we don’t need to underwrite business that doesn’t fit our return characteristics and we go to other places. But overall I am very optimistic about what we have told our investors about the prospects of the mortgage business for Arch, it will be a significant part of our business even though it will take a few years to get to steady state.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks for the answers.
Dinos Iordanou: You are quite welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you. Just a couple more quick ones on the MI business, can you us what percentage or what’s the breakdown of the U.S. MI insurance enforce that’s either that single premium versus the typical monthly business?
Dinos Iordanou: I don’t have that number on top of my head but Mark kindly get the number and then we’ll give it you. Our guys in Watford [ph] will know that in a second and a half. I just don’t have it on top of my head.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay.
Mark Lyons: Yeah, we don’t have it right in front of us, so we can certainly get it.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Yeah, I mean and I guess when you think about like the base for thinking about your growth in that franchise, I would imagine is more the monthly business. How should we be thinking about the potential growth of new insurance written from here on, I mean given some of the master policy developments is some of your items just because aside from just a top line impact, that’s obviously going to have an impact on the operating leverage in that segment?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I’ll give you a macro answer to it. Everything points to what we originally said to you guys. We expect to be north of 10% market share and it will take us at least three years to get there and that has not change in our minds based on what we see. It took us about three quarters longer than I thought to close the transaction, so in that sense we lost at least six months maybe nine months from our original. I am patient guys, so I thought things closer that faster than they did, but dealing with a lot of different entities and constituencies, it took us longer to close. But I think we’re touching up on it, because I’ve been more optimistic as we have built the sales force, we are about 60 people nation-wide and also the reception that we have received from the originators in our centering the segment. So 19 out of top 25 is a big accomplishment in almost five quarters since we’ve been in operations. It will time as those mortgages come, because when you underwrite a mortgage, you do it and then you wait for all our premium to come in, it comes over the next six, seven years. And that’s why you see there is a little pressure on us now on the expense ratio and you know but at the end all the business we write is good business, we like the written characteristics of it and we patience with it because that’s the nature of the business.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Great, thanks.
Dinos Iordanou: I would just add to that, that outlook is depended on the view and what emerges on the macroeconomic front on construction building and new housing starts and originations and it goes. But you asked kind of a general question as well on macro, so about recent developments, one of which would be the FHA pricing for example and that may not be negative for the industry. I mean that’s overwhelmingly focused in a differential sense in lower fright and higher LTV quadrants if you will, which is more traditionally the FHA, we will house anyway.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, fair thank you and then just when thinking about the insurance, the insurance segment and kind of the growth that we saw in 2014 is impacted by - I think it was impacted by the spot of renewal right feel in the second quarter I mean which is not attributable amount. How should we think about that, should we be peeling that out as we look forward or should we be assuming that continues to be part of the premium base in four years and know how should we be think about premium trends excluding that transaction on a forward basis? Thank you.
Dinos Iordanou: I think on spot and those kinds of capital deals, I think you should be viewing that as resident and therefore inclusive on your view. On your relative comparisons you have to control for that could explains a lot of the difference. But remember there is a lot of big mess on those deals because of the way they are structured, where you write and you see the bottom rather than traditionally sit on the top on actually sitting in the bottom. So the premium stick at the ribs is 22%, 25%, 27% things of that nature. So the short answer is you should continue to view that I think as resident in the book of business going forward. Your second point, refresh me.
Michael Nannizzi: Just so we back that out and we think about the reminder of the book, how should we think about, are we thinking about an 8% to 10% sort of trajectory of the remaining businesses. Is that sustainable, I mean are you seeing enough business where you can continue to run that?
Mark Lyons: Well Michael, as you know we never give forward guidance on these things. However the part of a premium growth attributable to rate growth. As I commented on third party lines continues to have attraction there. It’s challenging in property which is why you see really across the enterprise property volume, usually property cash volume dropping really on both sides of the coin. So it could be a function of what we can do on our mix. I think we’ve demonstrated, we do a pretty good job of shifting and managing it. So but in term of what the markets give that’s what reactive, so I really can’t and I don’t think I am a quit to tell you whether would be 8% or 10% going forward.
Dinos Iordanou: You know our principle here is to underwrite business that meet written characteristics. And we don’t spend a lot of time thinking about, oh we got to grow by 5% or 10% or shrink by 5 or 10, it’s - my old boss says, Mr. Market is Mr. Market and he will tell what it is, hopefully we will make more decisions in operating in that market. So not knowing where our rates are going to go and now knowing what the competition might heat, you got all these transactions, the M&A activity usually in our business one plus one never recalls two. They are going to slices of bread and bread crumbs filling off the table, we’ll be there to pick it up, we’re not that you know that’s how I grew up. I was eating bread crumb when I grew up. So at the end of the day, it’s a hard question because we really don’t focus on it. But I can tell you, we like the primary insurance business. Yes, the market is more competitive. I don’t think we lost ground as you saw between the third and fourth quarter. Just a little bit on our first quarter numbers they are in but you know I get monthly reports and our first quarter was not as projected to be disappointing as some people were predicting, it just happen as we thought it was going to happen. So you can cook all that and then come up with your own projecting. And if you allow me, I have that number for you guys on the split between on the MI business, the single premium volume for the industry is about 13% of the total. So 87% is monthly and about 13% is upfront single premium.
Michael Nannizzi: That’s for the industry or for your…
Dinos Iordanou: For the industry, yeah we do a little in the single premium sector. As I said we do significantly in the fourth quarter because of the competitive pressures.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Great, thank you for the answer.
Dinos Iordanou: 13% of the business in general.
Mark Lyons: And Michael before we leave that point, I just - one think you can pretty much think about is that and we’ve being hopping on this for a while back to your insurance group question is that continued emphasis on mix towards smaller account limit business where you have more strength of price and strength of terms and conditions is continue. And if the continued high capacity commodity business continues - in its current pace that will continue to shrink.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Vinay Misquith from Evercore. Please proceed.
Vinay Misquith: Hi good afternoon. The first question, I don’t recall whether you mentioned about the January 1 renewals is to how you guys did?
Dinos Iordanou: No, I was making a comment a little bit the January 1 renewals. We didn’t see a significant change with the numbers we mention. Long-tailed lines rate increases in the two to four range and property continue to be losing ground in the 5% to 10%. We reduced significantly on the reinsurance property, property cat. You saw PLMs go down significantly. Volume wise, I think we did okay. Loss some volume here and there, we got some new business. But it’s early, we not because of our insurance group and also our reinsurance group participating in a lot of these small enterprises so to speak looking to underwrite the same kind of business our insurance group underwrites. Our business is more spread throughout the year and is not heavy January 1. But I was not disappointed with January 1.
Vinay Misquith: So but modestly down or be normal for us to expect, correct?
Dinos Iordanou: Yeah.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, second question is on the reinsurance margins, I mean the accident year combines have been coming and very strong, so is that because of now business mix as a towers transaction and some of the higher loss, should transaction go away and so should we be looking at the last two quarters average as the base for the future?
Mark Lyons: Well the improvement as you mentioned in the fourth quarter is clearly a function of mix. It’s - we have a lot of transactions that can come through, that can wait at one direction of the other. So it’s kind of hard to say whether the average of the last two is representative because that would exclude one-one business because that’s only the second half of last year, but it’s going to fluctuate and it’s going to be a function of mix. So I can tell you is that the ultimate projections of the same line of business in those two quarters really didn’t change, simple the mixture of the change to wait down the fourth quarter to be lower than the prior quarter.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, that’s helpful. And the mortgage insurance business, they pick up in the expense ratio, do you expect the dollar worth of expenses to stay at these levels for next year for ’15?
Dinos Iordanou: No, so in fact we expect expenses to coming down as we are building the book. Also we had an unusual expense for this quarter on one transaction. We had a reinsurance transaction in the mortgage space that we bound, the Sweden had an option to terminate and then we negotiated that option away and it comes in as additional acquisition expense in that negotiating. So is business that we like is that be very profitable for us. But in the quarter that you do the transaction, you take the hit on the expenses. So you are putting the expenses upfront. And then you are going on the premium although the next six, seven years, so likely not recurrent.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, that’s helpful and just one, so 50,000 food question. Dinos, there’s been transaction was recently sort of take under of a large reinsurer. Curious is to any of your thoughts as to why not been involved in that transaction at a low evaluation?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I mean we don’t usually sit there or worry about who is going to show us a transaction or not. That transaction it was negotiated by two parties, we have no knowledge of it. For whatever reason the reason thing we can be an attractive partner, but I think you go to ask them is to why they didn’t approach us. But all I can tell you that we will not approach.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, alright, thank you very much.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re quite welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny Asset Management. Please proceed.
Ian Gutterman: Thank you.
Dinos Iordanou: You must have done well, you meet in the middle of the pack, what is the back row stuff.
Ian Gutterman: My newest resolution was to shop earlier, so I only wanted to go there. My first question is, I am surprised to hear the big funds coming, I thought you grew up rich.
Dinos Iordanou: Listen, I grew up as a very poor kid, you know six siblings and my father was a cop, so not a big salary. But we made it.
Mark Lyons: I think this is lot, helpful with the term lumpy.
Ian Gutterman: So my first real question is, Mark I thought I heard you say that you were able to get insurance accounting going forward on this GSE which turn deals, is that correct?
Mark Lyons: The feeling is that is sooner than later self-details and finality to be worked out. But all antenna, vibrating antenna tell us that, that is probably going to be a 2015 of that.
Dinos Iordanou: But it’s 2015 and not end of 2015, probably this quarter late second quarter. There we work in the contracts to allow us to have insurance accounting on those contracts on a perspective basis.
Ian Gutterman: Right, right on a perspective, so related to that is I guess I am trying piece things together here. It looks like you started a new subsidiary thoughts more guarantee that seems like design for these transactions, is that correct, that’s like a purposes on that and?
Dinos Iordanou: Well is designed to have flexibility mostly to write more mortgage insurance that they come from originators you know banks and others might not really require by who have more insurance. These might be jumbo loan, there might be other transaction. But the goal is to use that entity to provide more product and more flexibility toolkit for what we do for all those originators.
Mark Lyons: And some of the rational that could be, it sounds like it’s packaged and sent on conforming loans to the GSC, this is stuff where the banks are having native capital requirements, so we could provide value.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Okay, I was wondering the complements, you are feeling that they need to setup this subsidiary where it was indicator faster growth potentially in that area and maybe the accounting as well, maybe curious that perhaps has been made on and so more this type of deals?
Dinos Iordanou: I mean these buyers are going to more sophisticated. I think credit risk is an issue. That entity has the higher credit rating in the business. And you know one sophisticated buyers of the product when they are buying protection for maybe the jumbo loans that they are not going to sell to the GSC et cetera that will make a difference. So that’s the avenue that we choose to go down to show the strength of the group in obtaining an entity that it has a higher financial rating that it will make a difference for sophisticated buyers of the product.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, interesting. And then my other question…
Dinos Iordanou: One other thing, I think one takeaway you should take - you should have with that whole insurance accounting thing is I think it shows a level of desire and commitment that they have for the GSCs toward the insurance and reinsurance sector that they are willing to invest the time and effort to and the listing for the preferences to the industry to have insurance accounting. And I mean they wouldn’t go through all this effort and time commitment if they didn’t view us as a longer term partner.
Ian Gutterman: That’s kind of I was getting answer, that’s good to hear. And just my other question is switching gears, reserve releases in reinsurance obviously I think you expressed a lot of comfort with reserves. Just within the last two years have been your highest years of reserve releases at least dollar wise I think in a history of the reinsurance company. And I guess I find little surprising just because I think the five years been sort of the first five years of the company’s formation and the last five years maybe been still very good and as good. So is there anymore color you can give us as far as…?
Dinos Iordanou: The only thing I can tell you is we have not changed dollar and we feel as confident about our reserve - our aggregate reserve position today as we felt a year ago two years ago, three years ago. So we let the number speak for themselves. I got a lot of quant in this company, I think pretty soon I’ll be worried that they are going to farm you, because I am the only guy who doesn’t have an actual royalty in the senior management. You know Grandisson, Papadopoulo, Mark Lyons, Dave and I were the two orphans without the actual royalty, but everybody else has one, so.
Mark Lyons: Yeah, but they doesn’t have an aeronautical engineering.
Ian Gutterman: I guess what I am wondering is has it been any shifts, maybe if you go back a few years ago is mostly say ’02 to ’08 years, has it shifted to where those have kind of run out of ’08 to ’11 or is that sort of classify markets to leasing a lot and just the more recent years on top of it or reaching your heights, I am just trying to get a sense of sort of mix?
Dinos Iordanou: Ian, I think it’s a reinsurance question. I think we commented that on prior quarter and you asked the full year question. The complexion of the releases on the U.S. based reinsurance operation or Bermuda based reinsurance operation has been towards looking hard at the longer-tailed lines from the earlier years. Going back to 2010, 2011, 2012 they were dominant by short-tailed lines and medium tailed lines. It’s longer-tailed enough for an insurance carrier, the reinsurance carrier with the late reporting and access a loss contracts and things of that nature, you got to wait longer and that we waited longer, you are starting to see some of this come down because the evidence is much more clear.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, that makes perfect sense. Alright, thank guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Kai Pan: Well, thank you. I just match to come behind Ian. Dinos, before I let you go for lunch I have three questions. Number one is on capital management, so you said there is less deals out there attractive and also your PML at very low level that your stock actually trading at upper end 1.3 time where you typically would like to buy below that. So how do you sort of what do you saw process here in terms of return to shareholders?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, we’ll look for deals if they make sense for us. We will look - we still believe that share buyback it’s an option and we also have the ability to do an extra on dividend if we choose to release some of the excess capital. To tell you the truth, right now based on the, I wouldn’t call it term loan but based on the heat of activity, all way see what I can predict what is - what might or might out come on way that makes sense for us. And patience has been a virgule in this company and we continue to have patience. Believe me we come and that demand is not ours, it’s shareholder’s and we got to find ways to get it back to them if we have access. But also we got very prudent and so we have a conservative balance sheet with plenty of financial flexibility. We have excess capital. If the right deal comes along that is helpful to creating value for our shareholder. We will look at it, if now we’ll look at share repurchases and we think that’s expensive then we look at extraordinary dividends.
Kai Pan: This is great. And then second question on the general renewal, some argue that if the larger reinsurer actually have favorable pricing in term of conditions, do you see that in the transaction you see?
Dinos Iordanou: No, I think the larger reinsurer is and he is not just larger, he is also the financial strength rating. We will get to look at the business and maybe get better sign lines. Occasionally, there might private transactions that they might get preferential terms but then that they are not preview to anybody. Like when we do a private transaction, we don’t go out and tell everybody what terms we got. And likewise when others do private transactions they don’t go advertising them. So but I do believe those occasionally happen in the business. If you come with significant capacity and willingness to more quickly and do a large deals you will do that. That was a case with us with [indiscernible] one big transaction we did. It was just us, nobody else and I thought we got pre-return. So Brookshaw does that Swisse Ammunic [ph] do that and they have their private deals. But I am not preview to so I can’t comment.
Kai Pan: Great, my last question, actually getting back to merger acquisition topic, you said strategically you have a size to competing the marketplace, but give where your stocks trading at versus some of your peers, would you be waiting to consider for financial reason to be creative to shareholder basically more on a financial basis?
Dinos Iordanou: We don’t like to do just purely financial transactions because in the long run that doesn’t create a lot of value. What creates a lot of value is what are you purchasing, the talent you are going to purchase, the ability to deploy that talent to write more business over the next five to ten year. In my view it’s not just what investment banks they do is, they come with their little books and they say, oh this is accretive. To me that’s financial engineering and doubt we do. At the end of the day, what am I buying, am I buying something that is - am I buying something that is going to create value over the long run or I am just going to get book down for two years and trying to get synergies and I try to do this and then my business is and the profitability of that business gone close out. It’s a lot of characteristics you got to look out, that’s why whom you buy, how you buy beyond the financials, how the two organizations can mess together. And believe me, I am not a fool, I know any transaction even if we do it or somebody else, you got be prepared to say one plus one is not going to be two, it’s going to be something less than that but potentially can be two and a half and three five years from today. And if I can see that, that’s a transaction I am going to do because at the end of the day that’s transformative and it allows us to grow the business and create value for shareholder. And you can look at it just from the financial engineering point of view. Maybe I not but that’s the way my brain works and at 65, I am not going to change it, right.
Kai Pan: Great, well thank you so much for all the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, thanks for keeping willing and talking my call. You know both in 2005 and 2011 arguably you earned your cost equity capital on those years whereas most companies in your peer group lost money. Given that in a year like 2014, you run 11% ROE, what do you think Arch’s results look like in a heavy, heavy catastrophe year? And what do you think happens the peer group, are your competitors taking risks right now that will make opportunities for Arch in the future?
Mark Lyons: Well, it’s hard to talk about the competitors because I don’t know what they are doing with their portfolios. I mean I can talk about mine, I can tell you on a heavy cut year, losses that going to be much more manageable because our PMLs have come down. I am not so sure all of my competitors there they haven’t done similar things we have. I think some of them who have been in the business for a long time and they are good underwriter, they have utilized what’s available in the marketplace because there is a new cap - a lot of new capital that came in that particular sector, the property cat sector. And there is - it’s purely an opinion. If you think that you’ll be positively arbitraging and you are going to improve your book, you are going to buy protection because you think that the economics are favorable to you. But you got to cognizant, I mean in years you buy protection sometimes you look like a fool too because if there is no cats, any price is a good price for those who sell it. On the other hand as Warren Buffett says you don’t really know who is naked until the tide goes out. And in our business, the tide goes out when you have a super cat and let’s raise it. Florida has been quite now sees Wilma. Wilma was 2005, I would never have predicted we would have 10 years of not cat activity in Florida. But one thing you could say and it’s not forward-looking but it’s looking backwards and making your judgments from there. Your ’05, ’08 and 2011 years because of the way cat is underwritten here and managed here, they were partial earning events for us, there was never any capital impairment issues, first thing. Second thing you heard Dinos’ report that in the current environment, we have our all-time lowest PML relative to equity. So we’re shrinking it, we showed in a tough cat years which is all your question is nothing really happens, we performed I think better than most peer groups because of that but that’s looking backwards not forward, but I think it’s instructive.
Josh Shanker: Okay, good luck and I’ll take to you again soon.
Dinos Iordanou: Thanks Josh. Hey Josh, you still there?
Josh Shanker: Yeah, I am here.
Dinos Iordanou: Yeah, just one think I wanted to know is we have a new exhibiter our financial supplement that we are calling the Shanker exhibit that deals with our effective tax rate because you are one of the guys that from that up last quarter given record. So if you go back and look at page 31 of the supplement it uses all information on the segments of page 11 of the supplement where it starts with that’s up you know which is our just core operations and rather than starting with consolidate with Watford in it. It starts with Arch’s core operations and layers on top of that the Watford contribution, so you can see how the effective tax rate calculated.
Mark Lyons: So Josh, we couldn’t name straight up to you, so we did next testing, we gave page up to you.
Josh Shanker: I always get nervous when people naming me, things definitely choosing not positive.
Mark Lyons: No, this is positive, this is positive.
Josh Shanker: Take care. Thanks.
Mark Lyons: Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from line of Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital markets. Please proceed.
Charles Sebaski: Hi thanks for holding up for me. I have a question about one on the insurance business and the E&S line. I am curious how much of the growth is due to the contract binding business? And what effect that business has on ROE versus combined ratio within the insurance segment?
Mark Lyons: Good question. First off within the E&S casualty section, all of that is attributable to the contract binding operation. When you compared 4Q to 4Q that premium virtually doubled just a little shy of doubling. So I think that gives you the magnitude and the contribution in that line. This is stable book of business, it’s got a high renewal rate of persistency attached to it, it’s a lesser volatility. Some of the growth though was due to some broadening, the limits may go up to 5 million where it may have been a lot of ones and threes, its’ got some broadest that has some non-cat property it, non-cat property. So it’s more rich filler offering and it’s also reducing at the same time some of the contract exposure that they originally started with. So I think it helps the volatility, it accounts for virtually all the growth in the E&S line and I think it will operate as a vales through dampening on the volatilities of the other lines at the insurance group.
Charles Sebaski: Does that run now at a higher steady state combined ratio because there was lack of volatility? I guess what I am trying to understand is has that grows the effect on the accident year combined ratio is going to forward should increase that at the same kind of ROE contribution?
Mark Lyons: But what normally happens in business of that type that usually get little more expensive to acquire it, so it’s higher and the loss ratio is lower on average in similar businesses, because it’s new to us for I think little more conservative, so we’re booking it at a level that time will tell what it is. So I think over time, it will perform than where it’s booked at this time. But in general rule, it say lower loss ratio to higher acquisition ratio.
Charles Sebaski: Okay and then on the reinsurance side, the growth in Asia Pacific in the quarter, just curious about what’s the business line right in there and is there any kind of change you know most of the PMLs on the U.S. basis, so just any kind of PML pickup with Asia, Japan?
Dinos Iordanou: It’s just a little bit of cat business but we don’t have big operations in Asia Pacific. It’s minuscule what we do.
Charles Sebaski: Okay, I thought in the quarter on a premium written basis that it’s picked up here somewhat to $70 million relative to 25 last year and just relative to what the quarter is that seem like a big piece of it?
Dinos Iordanou: That was the adjustment was buying all three 100%, so it’s a onetime event and we bought the 50%, we did it all and you into the purchase accounting and that’s what is all about. It’s no change in anything that we do and because Gulf Re in the Middle East all that is in the Asia Pacific region.
Mark Lyons: In rough term, think of that is roughly $52 million of impact in the quarter on a net writing basis. That was - that influx that Dinos talked about.
Charles Sebaski: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Two really quick questions; one, in general if the pricing level at Gulf Re comparable with legacy Arch?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, I think our reissued Gulf Re it was and that’s the reason we put a 100% of it is that it requires higher limits to operate, they write a lot of peg risk accounts for a small company was 50-60 million in revenue. The purchase of reinsurance it was totally disadvantages to us. In essence, we paid a lot of money to reinsurance with zero recoveries over the years. Finally we convinced to restructure to our other partners which we respect a lot because then now we can use our purchasing within Arch from a much bigger block of business, so that reinsurance of course is going to be down significantly. Gulf Re, when you look at our net results, they are not anything to write home about, but the gross results they want them back. So and I am not there to be producing for the reinsurance market. So as a standalone it didn’t make sense, it didn’t go over to a size that they can leverage the kind of capacity they need to have and buy cheap. They were buying excess of loss and believe we had tiny recoveries and over the years, we paid a lot of premium for that and we have the ability to restructure. Also I think they were trying to do more quarters here contracts where sometimes it make sense to may excess a loss, but in a company that you are trying to build volume, you looking for share and then even though the excess of loss might be a better structure and you can make more money, it doesn’t show a significant premium. So for that reason, we have make the changes. We send - before we did the purchasing of 100% for the unit, we send our teams and we looked at every single account under road et cetera and now they are coming under our underwriting authority of guidance with the same auditing teams that we have. So they become a kind of branch of ours in the Middle East. But the business we like, we got structure the reinsurance in a much better for than we used to.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that’s very helpful. And then very quickly Mark, you mentioned that there were some investment in platforms in terms of reinsurance, is that spend going to continue in the near term?
Mark Lyons: Well, the ones that have been done on the A&H platforms and some expansion in other distribution in A&H and the contract binding and so forth, if we find opportunities and now again what we did contract binding yes, that will happen whether it’s in the U.S. or other parts of the world. So it’s hard to say, but we are always looking and if we can find the pocked or some individuals who are great market following, we are going to pursue those.
Dinos Iordanou: And you see from the numbers, I think our Life Re accident and health reinsurance team now is I think tripling size in number of people and these to me there are long term of investments in personal and capabilities and the premium comes later. So I am not - when we find the talents that we’re going to hire it and then we look for them to grow the book overtime.
Meyer Shields: Okay, I must took into the technology expense, that’s very helpful.
Dinos Iordanou: No, no, no, there was some technology expense but it was - no, this is maybe when we spoke we can clear our language. This is mostly people.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect, thanks so much for answer.
Dinos Iordanou: Yeah,
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Please proceed.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, just a few quick here, so first Mark, new money yield versus book yield in investment portfolio, can see some pressure here what interest rates are?
Dinos Iordanou: I think we are close to rock bottom.
Mark Lyons: By the way I will congratulate you for being the caboose on the call today.
Brian Meredith: I know, I usually ends, I guess I get the replace. So that’s in your rock bottom. And then the last question, just curious, when you are setting your reserves, you loss right now, what’s kind of loss trend you kind of assuming and is that changed much over the last called year and then three years?
Dinos Iordanou: Yeah, it has changed a little bit. I think we still take a long term view on trend, we don’t just look at the last three or five years, we do a 10 year study or so forth. And let’s face it, you know trends have been benign now for quite a long time, so that stars coming line by line into our thinking, but it’s not something significant, it might be, I don’t know, I am guessing this because I haven’t set with the actualities to do via comparison what long term trend was by line of business five years ago versus now, but I think it should be down you know at least the point maybe even a little more than that.
Brian Meredith: Great, great, and then I guess is on that, so near term trend is obviously lower than kind of which you are putting up with respect to your kind of long term trend assumption when you are saying loss picks?
Mark Lyons: Yeah, I mean when you look forward you are making some level assumption line by line on what loss cost trend and what effect rate changes you have achieve and what you think you might reasonable achieve.
Brian Meredith: Got it, perfect.
Dinos Iordanou: The conservatism you know Brian that comes in the way we price business et cetera, it comes from two places, it comes with your assumptions on trend, are you truthful to it or not jump and say trend is zero negative some people think in some lines. And the other thing is what you knew money invested are using the risk free rate and you are willing to price your business with 1%, 1.5%, 2% return on new money invested and then see what the projection tell you. So that’s where that conservatism comes. Other than that you know like everybody else, we knock door, we fund broker who we kiss them on both chick, we love to see more business and we try to write as much as we can.
Mark Lyons: And Brian, Dinos’s point about line of business, I mean just an example some products you don’t care where it is like product liability it’s we don’t know where the claims are going to be brought versus where they are manufactured, that’s always good anyway. So our national view on that may make more sense worker’s compensation as the obvious local one going to take local that trends into account, local hospital cost, physician trends and think of that nature. Plus we’re only talking severity, they are frequency, it’s really the pure premium that matter are the total cost trend. And comp historically has been showing decreases in frequency, there was a blip in the California I think for a year or two, but it is returned. And generally, our actuaries within the loss rating models and pricing model, I assume the negatives to be flat. So it’s - the Dinos’s point is kind of longer term view but it take in flow.
Brian Meredith: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. I’d now like to turn the call over to Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, thank you all for bearing with us, we went a little over time, but it’s right. We get overtime paid here. And looking forward to see you next quarter and have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for joining today’s conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance & Investment Committee and President of Arch Capital Group (US) Inc Mark D. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Ryan J. Byrnes - Langen McAlenney Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P. Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. Before the company gets started with this update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'll now turn the conference over to your host for today, to Dinos Iordanou and Mark Lyons. Gentlemen, you may begin
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Francis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We had another excellent quarter with all of our units performing well from an underwriting perspective. Earnings was solid and were driven by excellent reported underwriting results. Our premium revenue grew by 2.5% on a net basis for the third quarter 2014 over the same period in 2013. Growth in insurance and mortgage business more than offset a decline in reinsurance net writings. On an operating basis, we earned $1.05 per share for the quarter, which produced an annualized return on equity of approximately 10% for the 2014 third quarter versus a 12% return on an operating basis in the third quarter of 2013. On a net income basis, Arch earned $1.64 per share this quarter, which corresponds to an annualized return of 15% as foreign exchange and realized gains enhance our net results. Our reported underwriting results in the third quarter were excellent as reflected by a combined ratio of 88% and were aided by a low level of catastrophic losses and favorable prior year loss reserve development. Net investment income per share on a sequential basis was flat in the quarter at $0.53 per share. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $319 million comparing very favorably to $238 million in the same period last year. The total return of the investment portfolio was a negative 51 basis points for the quarter, inclusive of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and 21 basis points in local currency terms. Our book value per common share at September 30, 2014 was essentially flat at $44.04 per share increasing by 0.7% sequentially and 15% relative to the third quarter of 2013. In the quarter, we reinstituted our open market share repurchases and spent $252 million in the third quarter. In addition, we have spent an additional $89 million from October 1 through October 29 for a total of $341 million for the last 4 months. The insurance segment's gross written premium grew by 6.4% and net written premium grew by 7.4%. That growth emanated from the following divisions: programs, travel and accident, E&S binding authority and construction and national accounts business. Most of our organic growth is coming from small accounts with low limits, which should have lower volatility. On the other hand, competitive conditions in the property sector have negatively affected primary property rates and accordingly, our premium volume in those lines. In the primary markets, in which our Insurance Group participates, we continue to obtain rate increases in most lines of business, albeit slightly below the levels that we observed last quarter. Mark will give you more color on this later on. On the reinsurance side of the business, we have seen a continuation of softening in terms and conditions that we noted in prior quarters. From a production point of view, net written premium was down 16% in the quarter for the reinsurance group, primarily as a result of a nonrecurring large NM [ph] premium portfolio, which, as we described in the prior call, was booked in the third quarter of 2013, and is not recurring in 2014. Gross premiums rose in the reinsurance segment by nearly 5% with the growth in the segment arising from business we produced for Watford Re. Adjusting for the reduction of the NM [ph] premium portfolio from last year and the business produced for Watford Re, reinsurance premiums would have declined by approximately 6% in the quarter if you compare like quarter-to-quarter Our mortgage segment includes primary mortgage insurance written through Arch MI in the United States and reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk, which is written globally, including the U.S., as well as other risk-sharing and structure mortgage business. As you may recall, our mortgage insurance business in the U.S. serves 2 major markets, credit unions and banks and other mortgage lenders. Net written premium for the third quarter of 2014 was approximately $58 million, of which $32 million was written by Arch MI U.S. who tenders to the credit unions, banks and other mortgage lenders. As we discussed in prior calls, Arch MI has a dominant position in the credit union sector and is in the process of building out its client base with bank lenders. This past quarter, a substantial amount of the growth came from single paid premiums. These are loans where the mortgage insurance premium is paid up front. As of today, we have approved more than 400 master policy applications from banks, and more than 100 of these banks have submitted loans for our approval. Of these approvals, 29 represent national accounts and the balance are regional banks. We define national accounts as the top 100 producers of mortgages. Of the top 25 originators, we have approvals from 15 of them. Group wide, on an expected basis, we believe the ROE on the business we underwrote this year will produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 10% to 12%. As on a present value basis, improvements in the Insurance Group and the addition of the mortgage segment were more than offset by lower expected returns in the reinsurance segment. Before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to discuss our PMLs. As usual, I would like to point out that our cap PML aggregates reflect business bound through October 1, while the premium numbers included in our financial statements are through September 30, and that the PMLs are reflected net of more reinsurance and retrocessions. As of October 1, 2014, our largest 250-year PMLs for a single event decreased slightly in the Northeast to $658 million, or 11% of common shareholders' equity, while Gulf PMLs also decreased slightly to $608 million. Our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $451 million. I will now turn it over to Mark to comment further on our financial results and as customary, after Mark concludes his remarks, we will take your questions. Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Great. Thank you, Dinos, and good morning. Before we get started, I'd like to just say a few words to define how I'm going to speak about things for the balance of the call, so just bear with me on this. First, as a reminder, the financial supplement shows consolidated financial statements that include our other segments, which is Watford Re, as well as providing other financials that excludes the other segment, and those are footnoted as such on each page of the supplement. Furthermore, within the segment information of the supplement, we have provided a subtotal of Arch's core segments, that is insurance, reinsurance and mortgage without Watford Re, and have also separately provided Watford Re's results posted alongside in order to arrive at an Arch consolidated segments income statement view. The investment information section of the supplement, however, is completely shown excluding the other segment. So my comments to follow today are on a pure Arch basis, which excludes the other segment unless otherwise noted. For further clarity, although today's discussion will exclude Watford result as a segment, however, when Watford is used as a reinsurer by any one of our core segments, those sessions are reflected in Arch's underwriting results. Furthermore, since the definition of the word consolidated includes the results of Watford, I will not be using that term, the term consolidated. Instead, just be aware that my comments refer to our core segments of business, insurance, reinsurance and mortgage combined as just discussed. This permits an apples-to-apples comparison with Arch's results a year ago. Okay. Moving on with that defined, the combined ratio for this quarter was 88.5% with 1.6 points of current accident year cat-related events net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to the 2013 third quarter combined ratio of 86.1%, which reflected 2.5 points of cat-related events. Losses from 2014 catastrophic events net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums totaled $14.2 million, primarily emanating from European storm Ella and Midwestern U.S. tornado activity. The 2014 third quarter combined ratio also reflected 8 points even of prior year net favorable development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 8.2 points of prior period favorable development on the same basis in the 2013 third quarter. This results in a 94.9% current accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, for the third quarter of 2014 compared to 91.8% accident quarter combined ratio in the third quarter of 2013. In the insurance segment, the 2014 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 98% even compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 97.1% a year ago. This increase was primarily attributable to certain larger attritional losses emanating from our European operations and in particular, mostly from the aviation war line of business. These large attritional losses account for 170 basis points more of net earned premiums in the third quarter of 2014, than a large attritional loss in the corresponding quarter of 2013. The reinsurance segment 2014 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 90.6% compared to 94.8% in the 2013 third quarter but represents a sequential improvement from the 92.1% combined ratio last quarter. As noted in prior quarters, the reinsurance segments results reflect changes in the mix of premiums earned, including a lower contributions from property catastrophe business. The insurance segment accounts this quarter for roughly 16% of the total favorable development, excluding the associated impacts on the acquisition expenses, and this was primarily driven by shorter-tailed lines from the 2006 through 2012 accident years. The reinsurance segment accounts for approximately 83% of the total favorable development in the 2014 third quarter, again, also excluding the associated impact on acquisition expenses. With approximately 40% of that due to net favorable development on shorter-tailed lines concentrated in the more recent underwriting years, roughly 8% was attributable to medium-tailed lines based throughout many underwriting years and about 49% due to net favorable development of longer-tailed lines, primarily from the 2002 through 2010 underwriting years. The mortgage segment accounted for approximately 1% of the total favorable development in the quarter, stemming mainly from our U.S. primary operations concentrated in 2009 and prior. As has been consistent in the past, approximately 69% of our core $7.2 billion of total net reserves for losses and LAE, our IBNR or additional case reserves, which as I've mentioned has been consistent across time and across the main reinsurance and insurance segments. The expense ratio for the third quarter of 2014 was 33.5% versus the prior year's comparative quarter expense ratio of 32.4%. The increase in the operating expense ratio reflects the addition of our U.S. mortgage insurance operations, which is operating at a higher expense ratio until business hits a steady state as well as the effect of incremental expense due to certain platform expansions in both our reinsurance and insurance businesses. The insurance segment improved to a 31.7% expense ratio compared to 33.1% a year ago, primarily reflecting a lower net acquisition ratio driven mostly by materially improved 3D ceding commissions. The reinsurance segment expense ratio increased from 30.7% in the third quarter of 2013 to 32.6% this quarter, primarily due to a higher level of operating expenses and by higher ceding commissions incurred. On -- our U.S. insurance operations achieved a 2 point -- a positive 2.6% effective renewal rate increase this quarter net of reinsurance. A key point that can get lost in the averages is how different the pricing environment is for short-tailed versus longer-tailed lines. Our short-tailed lines of business had an effective 3.5% renewal rate decrease for the quarter compared to a 4% effective renewal rate increase for the longer-tailed lines both on a net of reinsurance basis. These longer-tailed line rate increases continued to be above our view of weighted loss cost trends. Looking more deeply, some lines incurred rate reduction, such as nearly 8% in property and 4% in high capacity D&O and others enjoyed healthy increases such as plus 10% in our lower capacity D&O lines, 7.5% increase in contract binding and nearly 6.5% increase in excess workers' compensation. Also certain lines continued their momentum of achieving strong cumulative increases. For example, our admitted loss sensitive businesses, as well as our lower capacity D&O lines have achieved 13 consecutive quarters of rate increases. The private not-for-profit D&O unit has in fact, secured double-digit increases for 9 of those 13 consecutive quarters. The ratio of net premium to gross premium in the quarter was 75.5% versus 80.9% a year ago. The insurance segment had a 74.2% ratio compared to 73.5% a year earlier. This quarter's Insurance segment net to gross became 76% when the impact of the Sparta renewal rights transaction discussion discussed on last quarter's call is removed. This continues to show the insurance segment's emphasis on rating smaller lesser volatile business and keeping more of it net as a result. In the reinsurance segment, the net-to-gross ratio was 75.8% in the 2014 third quarter compared to 94.6% a year ago, primarily reflecting sessions to Watford Re as a reinsurer and other third-party retro purchases protecting the property book. The mortgage segment posted an 86.6% combined ratio for the quarter. The expense ratio, as expected and as indicated earlier, continues to be high as the operating ratio relating to our U.S. primary operations will remain elevated until proper scale is achieved. The net written premium of $58.5 million in the quarter is driven, as Dinos noted, by $32 million from our U.S. primary operations and $26.5 million of net written premium from our reinsurance mortgage operations, which includes the 100% quarter share of PMI's 2009, 2011 underwriting years as part of the acquisition of the CMG companies and the PMI platform. At September 30, 2014, our risk-in-force of $10.1 billion includes $5.5 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operation, $4.5 billion through worldwide reinsurance operations and $136 million through our risk-sharing transactions. It's important to note that U.S. operations utilize policy-specific covered ratios to determine risk-in-force from insurance in-force figures. As you may recall, insurance in-force represents the aggregate amount of the individual loans insured, while risk-in-force incorporates the insurance coverage percentage. Outside the U.S., we followed market practice to estimate risk-in-force on a similar basis, while for risk-sharing transactions, risk-in-force reflects our percentage participations with inbound layers, as well as the impact of contract limits. That is, risk-in-force on risk-sharing transactions does not exceed the contractual limits of liability involved. Our primary U.S. mortgage insurance operation down just shy of $2 billion of new insurance written during the quarter, which represent the aggregate of original principal balances of all loans receiving coverage during the quarter. The weighted average FICO score for the U.S. primary portfolio remains strong at 733 and the weighted average loan-to-value ratio held steady at 93.4%. No states risk-in-force represents more than 10% of the portfolio and our U.S. primary mortgage insurance company is operating at an estimated 9.1:1 risk-to-capital ratio as of September 30, 2014. The other segment i.e. Watford Re, reported a 100.2% combined ratio for the quarter on nearly $100 million of net written premium and $34.8 million of net earned premiums. As a reminder, these premiums reflect 100% of the business assumed, rather than simply Arch's approximate 11% common share interest due to the variable interest entity accounting election. Our joint venture Gulf Re produced the $7.8 million loss for the quarter due to an unusually high frequency of large technical risk losses stemming from the Middle East. This is reflected on the income statement within the other income line. The total return on our investment portfolio, as Dinos noted, was a reported negative 51 bps in the 2014 third quarter, reflecting negative returns in our fixed income and equity sectors along with the impact of the strengthened U.S. dollar on our foreign denominated investments, while our alternative investment portfolio continued to perform well. Excluding foreign exchange, total return was a positive 21 bps in the 2014 third quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis ending September 30, the total return has been a positive 3.30% and excluding foreign exchange, the return has been a positive 3.76%. Our embedded pretax book yield before expenses was 2.21% as of September 30, 2014 compared to 2.175% at serially, at June 30, while the duration of the portfolio lengthened slightly to 3.28 years from last quarter's 3.14 years. Fixed income duration can fluctuate due to tactical investment decisions as opposed to long-term strategic shifts. The current duration continues to reflect our conservative decision on interest rates in the current yield environment. Reported net investment income in the 2014 third quarter was $72.2 million or $0.53 per share versus $72.5 million in the 2014, second quarter, which was also $0.53 per share and $66.1 million or $0.49 per share in the corresponding quarter in 2013. As always, we evaluate investment performance on a total return basis and not merely by the geography of net investment income. Interest expense for the quarter was $4.2 million, which is a significant reduction from the last 2 quarters. This reduction is due to a favorable adjustment involving a certain loss portfolio transfer entered into effective January 2013. This deposit accounting transaction had a downward reevaluation in the quarter of the underlying ultimate loss, which resulted in an $8.2 million reduction in interest expense. The run rate interest expense, which includes approximately $12 million from Arch's senior notes and a variable amount of Arch's revolving credit borrowings and some other items is expected to be approximately $13 million per quarter for the foreseeable future. However, reevaluation of the underlying ultimate loss attributable to this [Audio Gap] used to give us significant financial flexibility. We also continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted capital full position. Book value per share, as Dinos noted, was $44.04, up 0.7% relative to June 30, up 10.6% relative to year end 2013, and up nearly 15% relative to 1 year ago at September 30, 2013. This change in book value per share this quarter primarily reflects the company's continued strong underwriting performance offset by unrealized losses on investments. So with these introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] That question will come from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The first question is on the buyback. It looks like you saw buyback actually in a big way in more than a year. I just wonder what changed your thought process on that? Is that less opportunity for organic or acquisition growth, or do you find yourself, prices are more attractive now?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it's a good question. Let me give you the flavor and the decision-making process that we go through. Our excess capital was building rapidly and at the same time because of the environment we have in the property cat area with additional capital coming in et cetera, it caused us to reduce our exposure into that sector. Usually, we don't buy shares back in the third quarter because of the potential storm activity but with $450 million PML in Florida, that risk was a lot more manageable for us. So it cleared the way for us to look at our excess capital and also look at the prospects of us deploying the capital in the business. We are not as optimistic in finding transactions for us that are reasonable for our shareholders. We had a few that we attempted and we were in the mix. None of them materialized being conservative in our approach of acquiring business. And if I'm not able to deploy the capital into the business, then the next option is to returning to shareholders, and that's the thought process we went through, and we decided to initiate the buybacks even in the third quarter, which is not a normal activity for us for the reasons that I just mentioned. Plus we felt the price that we were buying the shares, it was pretty attractive in reinvesting in our business.
Mark D. Lyons: And I would just add to that Kai. Following up on Dinos' very last point, from a valuation and attractiveness standpoint, we bought these back at $125% of book value. So -- and you heard Dinos earlier in his comments talk about our forward look of our underwriting years, accounting years but underwriting years being 10% to 12%, so the arithmetic works.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And so if the current condition persists, in terms of both of your stock price as well as the prospects of the business, would you fear to say that you can return 100% of your operating earnings? And would that be a catch-up in the fourth quarter, in particular to match up the first half of the year?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, that's not an unreasonable assumption.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's great. Then I just want to struggle with this question. If you look back last 10 years, your combined ratio averaged about 91%. Yet, your ROE is about 16%, and this year, your combined ratio is actually pretty good 87%, yet, ROE is low double digits. I just wonder -- I mean, you mention you probably play an important part of that but just -- is the current environment even with this pretty solid combined ratio, that you will be able to only achieve like a low double-digit ROE. Is that the prospects at least in the near term?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. You're doing comparisons without making adjustments for the E. There is periods of time that our shareholders equity is in the right place, so in essence, we don't have much excess capital and there is periods of time for different reasons that the equity we have is about or what we need to run the business. Of course, when you have that, it affects your -- the ROE because the R is the same and the E is a larger number. It is going to give you a smaller percentage on that. It's management's responsibility, and I'll take that one as my responsibility, as the CEO to make sure that we have a good balance between capital needed, the protection we need to have excess capital for various reasons that we explained in many of our prior calls and take the excess, excess capital and return it. And that was the activity you saw in the third quarter potentially continuing in the fourth quarter et cetera. So when you look at ROE, you also got to look at the capital at the same time, and then you can make those comparisons about the quality of the business that we generate. We're happy with the quality of the business that we generate. Unfortunately, in a competitive market environment, especially in the reinsurance side, we don't think we're going to have as much of it as we would like.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just clarify on that? Is that your 10% to 12% current ROE expect -- sort of expectation, is that on allocated capital or on the sort of your -- sort of what's currently inside your balance sheet?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's on allocated capital, and we allocate capital to the business units at 2 notches above our financial rating. Our financial rating is A+, and we go to AA in the models to allocate the capital to the units.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a few questions on the MI business. Can you talk a little bit about how much of that NIW, the $1 billion that didn't come through the credit union was through the bank flow channel?
Constantine P. Iordanou: There was quite a bit for the bank channel, but it was on what we call prepaid single premium revenue and you're focusing just on the U.S. primary MI or the global?
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I'm sorry to interrupt. No. I was thinking U.S. MI primary business, how much of that, the $1 billion that isn't the credit union business would fall into that sort of flow business, flow bank channel?
Constantine P. Iordanou: The flow bank channel is still at its infancy. It was about, I would say, 10%, 15% of the total. The other 85%, it was single premium prepaid MI.
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Great. And then as far as that bank channel is concerned, I mean as you continue to sort of scale up and you've mentioned that you have relations with the large banks, how do you see that progressing? And when you think about like a target market share and kind of where you are now, what sort of glide path do you anticipate to get there?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it's -- I'm an impatient guy. So if you ask for my perspective. [Audio Gap]
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: if I have one. And again, I apologize. Just couldn't -- I can't hear. In terms of capital that you've allocated to that business do you anticipate sending more capital down to the MI, or do you feel like at this point with that 9.1:1 that you're at a comfortable place to pace the growth that you expect for the foreseeable future?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay. At 9.1 we're probably the most conservative from a capital point of view from any one of our competitors in that space, and I don't anticipate sending more capital to MI until it's needed. We're not going to get through the steady-state with PMIers for quite a bit of time. Mark, do you want to elaborate on that.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. It's -- the wildcard is the PMIers and that market place is dynamic too -- similar to the PNC side. It depends what the demand turns out to be, and we'll do it at that time but it could be that we need to put some additional capital over the next few years, but we have to see what materializes here.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Vinay Misquith from Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: First question is on the reinsurance side. Looking at the accident year loss ratio, cat about 58% for the reinsurance division. That's lower than the 60%, 61% you got in the first half of the year. Is the business mix change, that's the removal of the Tower's reinsurance premium is having a positive impact on your loss ratios?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, and yes. But I'll give it to Mark who'll give you more details. Yes. We did book that at a higher loss ratio and the mix is changing, but the mix change is actually goes a little bit of against us because we're not having as much cat business, which usually the expected loss ratio, it's in the 40s. You have less of that, so there is a mix change. But Mark, do you want to add more color to it.
Mark D. Lyons: Sure. Vinay, I seem you're talking on an accident quarter basis?
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes, correct.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, other to reiterate, I think you've heard us talk about mix every quarter and how mix can affect things, and I think this is a great quarter of how mix has done that, not just by line of businesses but by the operations within the reinsurance group. We always talk about the treaty side and the property cat side but we have a very profitable property facultative side, that really had outstanding results this quarter and helped with that loss ratio.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So we shouldn't take this quarter's number as a new run rate for the future?
Mark D. Lyons: It's coming down to mix. I hate to do the forecast that you're asking for. So it'll depend on what materializes, and the reason I say that is because the property facultative book is not cat-dependent. They don't lead with cat. They pick it up in some more risks, but they're really looking for attritional underwriting, so -- which they're very good at. So their results are not going to be impacted by what you're reading in headlines on cat business.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And on the primary insurance, both a similar question. Now was the -- were large losses about 1.7 points that you have currently?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the large losses emanate from the world risk book. You know what they are. You got the unlucky Malaysian Airlines hit twice and then you have Tripoli. And now for that specific book, it was much more a loss ratio point, but for the entire insurance group, I think the effect is how much, Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. Total was about 3.3 loss ratio points of worldwide premium.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Right.
Mark D. Lyons: And today, it was 1.6 at the corresponding quarter last time was similarly valued attritional loss sizes. So the difference between the 2 is 170 basis points of net earned premium that I referred to in my comments.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And what -- I mean, it's -- you can never tell, but these things happen. I mean you get unusual losses occasionally. We don't view these recurring but what I don't know in this world if you -- you could. If they continue to recall, we're going to reevaluate our underwriting posture.
Mark D. Lyons: That's in a -- taken from 10,000 feet up. I mean, this is a clear example to me of a large attritional loss.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Man-made.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. Smoothing, if you will, because this is a cat cover at the end of the day, and you're going to go 10 years of 5% and 6% loss ratios and there's going to be a 500% loss ratio moment that is going to return back to 5% or 6% loss ratio point. So take it from that perspective, you don't really view that as a recurring item.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Right. Fair enough. So if I take that out of the numbers, the accident year loss ratio x cat and the PNC primary insurance business, was around 64.6 this quarter. And looking at the year ago quarter, it was 64.0. So you're seeing a slight uptick in the loss ratio? Was that business mix? Because I thought that there was some margin improvement coming through the book.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, there is some business mix, but we don't evaluate our businesses on loss ratio alone and then look independently at expense ratio, and then look independently at the duration aspect and the investment income side. It's all in totality. That's what return is. So you can't really look at a loss ratio without looking at the outstanding improvement that they've gotten on ceding commissions, which finds its way through the net acquisition ratio, and by the way, it earns its way in. So that's on a forward sense, because that's already baked and written, those ceding commission improvements are going to continue to be baked in firstly, and secondly, not every treaty renews at the same time. Those treaties are renewed at periodic points throughout the year, so additional gains are possible.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And of course, the duration of liabilities and investment income associate is part of the mix when we make a total return determination. And you're not going to view high excess workers' comp with very, very long duration the same way you're going to do E&S property who has no durations.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. And this quarter, the acquisition expense ratio went down, and the primary insurance division was that because of ceding commissions? And should we expect that to continue for the future?
Mark D. Lyons: That's the point I was really making. You can't see it but the direct commissions paid up front really didn't change appreciably at all, so that whole balance is mostly, I can't say exclusively, mostly driven by the increase in the ceding commissions.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just want to follow-up on the buyback. It's a nice surprise to see the buybacks coming in the quarter and then following through the fourth quarter. I believe there's a comment saying that buybacks could be equivalent to annual operating earnings, but I just want to make sure, before people start building that into their models that -- I just wanted to confirm whether that's sensitive to things like valuation, market opportunities and anything else?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's all in the mix, Jay. I mean, we -- I think we can chew gum and walk at the same time. So -- we don't make a decision and that decision is permanent without looking at the environment. We look at our share price, we look at prospects, work when it got deployed, capital, we look at the business opportunities, et cetera. We look at our excess capital and how big that amount is, and then we make judgments. And beyond that, we make also judgment in not only how much we need to return to our shareholders but in what form we want to return it. So it's not only share buybacks. If our share price gets to where it's appropriately priced in the marketplace, we might then do a dividend. So we take all that into consideration
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Question on the mortgage business. You guys suggested that a lot of the premium, some of the premium came from the single premium transactions. I'm just not as familiar with the mortgage business. So can you describe what exactly those are? And will the accounting and earned bases be different because they were single premium transactions?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, Jay. For clarification, yes, that will be the case. To the extent that they are single bullet, they will be earned over the ratable life. Think of it that way. And to the extent that they are monthly, they'll come in and as written and earned really...
Constantine P. Iordanou: On a monthly basis.
Mark D. Lyons: A monthly basis. So you're going to build up on a premium reserve on the single bullets.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Do you guys care which form it comes in? Does it matter to you?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, and no. It depends on the price at the end of the day. Single premium usually is not as attractive to us because it's competitively bid et cetera. On the other hand, depending where the mortgage cycle is and interest rates, if you get a reduction in mortgage rates and you have a significant amount of refinancing going, then that's an attractive product because [Audio Gap]
Operator: And next question in line comes from the line of Ryan Byrnes from Janney.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: The call has been kind of breaking up a bunch, so I'm not quite sure what we were just talking about. I was wondering if we could get, it also broke up earlier when we were talking about interest expense, the pressure from the loss portfolio transfer from January 2013. I just wanted to see how we should think about that going forward. I think you may have answered it but the call broke up.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay, well, Mark will take it. Yes.
Mark D. Lyons: Actually Ryan, we really -- there hadn't been a question on that, so you didn't miss anything. The $8.2 million that we reflected in our comments and in the earnings release is a portfolio transfer that was effective January 2013 on basically, losses from 2000 to 2012. It was reevaluated subsequent to that, and it was a reduction in the ultimate losses, and the accounting requires that you go back and retrospectively look at it as if it has always had that view. So you should think of the $8.2 million since it was recorded as a reduction in interest expense as an outlier and that piece is not recurrent, unless we decide in the future to have another valuation, which changes the ultimate liability. Assuming that there's no future changes to it, all you're going to see in future income statements is the accretion associated with that liability over its expected payout period.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And how often do you -- you do a deep dive on that piece?
Mark D. Lyons: It's periodic. It could change, it could be semiannual. It could be -- it depends on what we're observing in the underlying information and the data.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Langen McAlenney: Okay, great. And then I apologize if this has been discussed as well, but the growth at Watford was very strong in the quarter, probably better than that most of us were anticipating. Just wanted to get your thoughts there on how close were you guys getting to a run rate there.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we don't really know, because I can't predict the future. There has been a lot of interest on the facility and the facility competes in the marketplace. And at the end of the day, we've been pleasantly surprised about its acceptance, so far. If it continues, if -- it continues, we can get to a steady state within 2 years instead of 3.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Langen McAlenney: And again just remind us, what kind of underwriting leverage that vehicle can get, obviously, thinking that it gets a little more aggressive on the investment portfolio side.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I think it's a question you got to ask them, et cetera, but I'll give you my flavor. I think on a company with $1.2 billion of unencumbered capital, you can go into the $500 million, $600 million worth of premium written 0.5 to 1, and be extremely safe and pretty conservative with that. And that's what I would call steady state, and it might take a couple of years to get there.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Don has already cascaded me a little bit but I don't know my accounting very well. I wonder if you can help me understand how the Watford noncontrolling dividends and that contributions work at the bottom of the P&L.
Mark D. Lyons: Sure, sure. It's a good question because it gets a little murky. I mean you can tell by my opening comments that we got to phrase things in a certain way. Here's what I think you're missing, Josh, is that in any company, the common shareholders are going to be basically subsidizing the preferred costs. So there always deducted before, you have net income available to common shareholders. So think of it as -- we're looking at it as what's available to Watford's common shareholders and then you got to make the next step on what's available to Arch's common shareholders. So you're effectively going to have at the 100% level down because of consolidation whats their net income, round one. Round two, then is the further deduction for the preferreds. Okay. And then you're at the point where you're taking the controlling interest into new account, which is roughly 11% and 89%. So we need to take out 89% so that we're left with the 11%. But since you already subtracted the preferreds to begin with, you're implicitly doing at 11%, 89% on these preferreds when you make that adjustment. I know this sounds a little confusing but suffice it to say, those adjustments, the $10.3 million that's there is the combination of the preferred costs and the net income split back 11%, 89%.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So the preferred dividend of $4.9 million is included in the $10.3 million?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Or is net of the $10.3 million, or is net of? So like maybe was there a Arch's share of Watford. . .
Mark D. Lyons: Arithmetically, forget conceptual for a minute. Arithmetically, the $6.6 million, which was the net income at the 100% level in combination with the $4.9 million on the preferred that lump together. If you take 89% of that, comes to the $10.3 million, which is a sign reversal because we're undoing it. So you're left with $1.2 million of net income available to Arch after taking out noncontrolling interest.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I think that after -- I think about it for 20 minutes, I'll understand it perfectly.
Mark D. Lyons: It took me 20 minutes. Don't worry about it.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The other thing that I've done wrong apparently is I've also miscalculate the operating tax rate. It seems to me that you add about $158 million of pretax operating income before dividends, and after I make those adjustments for the preferred dividend, the dividends to Watford and Arch's stake in Watford, I'm still at about $158 million but operating income was $142 million after tax, which seems like you had a big tax bill on the operating side of the P&L, but maybe I'm wrong about that.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. I can't figure out how you got there, quite frankly, right as I said...
Constantine P. Iordanou: But we know what our tax rate is.
Mark D. Lyons: We know where our tax rate is. We're at 2.5% on pretax operating.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Of course, operating tax rate versus group tax rate.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. That real differential is the difference between 2.5 and 2.8 on net income versus pretax operating. So maybe we can have a cycle, I guess, but I'm kind of -- I don't know what you did.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That just shows I should go back to school.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Just call Mark and then go through it.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Ian Gutterman.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: I guess my first one, Mark, do you have the spread of how much of the Watford premium, gross premium in the quarter was essentially Arch source business you did to them versus third-party business from...
Mark D. Lyons: We really never talk about that explicitly. What I can tell you is that it continues to build momentum, and we're happy with where it is. And this vehicle is really set up to be third-party reinsurance. So over time, this is going to continue to be growing towards being Watford dominant.
Constantine P. Iordanou: I'm surprised that being so smart, you can't figure it out. It's in the numbers.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: I think I figured it out but I just want to...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay. All right. If you figure it out, if you see gross versus net and then the 15%, all that we do is reverse engineering and you figure it out.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Okay. But I was just trying to confirm my math. but I will take...
Mark D. Lyons: Okay. All right. I guess -- by the way, your math is going to be predicated on fundamental assumptions that may not be true in the future, but I'll wait till the future quarter for that.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: All right, all right. The other question on that is there is picked up somewhere and I can't remember who is the Insider, or some place else there suggesting that they're going to hit -- Watford is going to hit $400 million by the end of the year, do you have any comment on that, or?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I believe what the article said it was that on an underwriting year basis, there is $400 million. So that doesn't mean by the end of the year, another quarter so. But it points to you that it's going to be approximately $100 million a quarter for 4 quarters.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Okay, great. Any thoughts on the satellite, the NASA loss the other day? Is that a industry event, or is that not have much...
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's $200 million or something. So the only thing I know I'm not on it, so I'm okay.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Perfect, perfect. And then my last one, this is where the audio cut out a little bit so I might have missed a part of this. But back to the single premium MI, I guess just to understand that a little bit. Is that -- essentially is that kind of a bulk business and not GSE bulk but it's essentially bulk from the banks, or is this stuff you're writing?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. It's an originator. It's an originator. We will take maybe 1 or 2 weeks of production and put it out, and it says give me a price for you to write the mortgage insurance on this block. Here is all the underlying loans that we have, and we're going to prepay it up front, single premium instead of month. And a lot of this sometimes is paid by the bulk because they include it into their -- into the price of the mortgage and sometimes it is paid by the lender.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Okay. And is this just sort of something that makes sense given where you are building out the company that it's a good way sort of get premiums on the books quickly to offset some of the expenses, and probably over time as you get more flow, or is this?
Constantine P. Iordanou: We don't think it as such. The way we think about the mortgage business is that you have flow business, you have this single premium business, you have other transactions we're doing in the reinsurance, the stacker and transactions, et cetera. So we don't -- we're not trying to -- when we look at the entire marketplace and if we like a transaction, we go after it. And we don't have a preconceived notion. We have to have 3 of these and 2 of that and 5 of these. That's not the way we operate. You know us better than that.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Okay, okay. Just checking, and then just my last clarification on that topic. Mark, I think when there is a question about how this flow through the accounting. I understand the earned part honestly but on the written, it sounded like you said this still flows over 12 months. I guess, what I thought it was -- I think was single premium written. The written would've all hit this quarter to be earned over 12 months.
Mark D. Lyons: A single is hit all-in-one accounting period and then earned over the ratable life.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Ratable life, not 1 year. It goes...
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Got you. Okay. But the point is from a written basis, it's more up front than traditional MI that, that comes into the written 1/12 each month?
Constantine P. Iordanou: That's correct. The rest of it is monthly and is earned. It's written and earned all in the same month.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Last question on the mortgage insurance side. Is the expense ratio different from the single premium business, the acquisition expense I mean?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, I don't know if it's different. So you have your personnel, your underwriters, you got a fixed base of expenses. So at the end of the day, it is what it is. If you write it and you book it up front, you still have to service it over 6, 7 years. So I haven't thought of it as, is expense ratio difference between a flow business versus that.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And coming back to the insurance segment, I think you've started talking about some of the small account business where you're growing being less volatile. Does that cost anything in terms of the anticipated underwriting margin?
Mark D. Lyons: Actually no. I mean, it's not that it's lesser volatile, as Dinos pointed out before. It -- as a general rule, it comes with a lower loss ratio and a higher acquisition cost.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for his closing remarks.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Francis. Thanks everybody for bearing with us and we looking forward to talking to you [Audio Gap]

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance & Investment Committee and President of Arch Capital Group (US) Inc Mark D. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P. Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Towanda, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mark Lyons. Please proceed.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Towanda, and good morning everybody, and thank you for joining us today. We had an excellent second quarter and first half of 2014 from both an underwriting and investment perspective. We believe that our diversified approach and the construction of our book of business over the past 12 years has functioned well in many various market environments. This balanced approach has been a hallmark of Arch from inception, and is designed to allow us to achieve appropriate returns in many market environments. Earnings was solid and were driven by excellent reported underwriting results and our premium revenue grew by approximately 13.5% on a net basis, driven by our insurance and mortgage segments. On an operating basis, we earned $1.17 per share for the quarter, which produced an annualized return on equity of 11% for the 2014 second quarter, which was slightly higher than the ROE reported in the same quarter last year. On a net income basis, Arch earned $1.48 per share this quarter, which corresponds to an annualized 14% return on equity. Our reported underwriting results in the second quarter were excellent as reflected by a combined ratio of 86% and were aided by a low level of catastrophe losses and favorable loss reserve development. We also benefited from an improved accident year performance in our U.S. Insurance Group, which was offset by an increase in the accident year combined ratio of the reinsurance group. As we discussed last quarter, we expected the reinsurance combine ratio to rise on a year-over-year basis as a result of changing its mix of business. The rise in the combined ratio reflects the fact that the reinsurance group is writing less property and property cat business, which has a lower expected loss ratio than liability business. And secondly, as we have found additional pockets of casualty and professional liability business that meet our return requirements. Because of the long duration of this business, we believe it will produce good economic returns over time even in today's low interest rate environment. Net investment income per share on a sequential basis increased 10% in the quarter to $0.53 per share, primarily as a result of a fund distribution, which Mark Lyons will get into in more depth in a minute. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $254 million compared to $183 million in the same period last year. The total return of the investment portfolio was 180 basis points for the quarter, inclusive of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Our book value per common share at June 30, 2014, rose to $43.73 per share, increasing by 5.3% sequentially and 18.8% relative to the second quarter of 2013. The insurance segment's net written premium grew by approximately 15% on a net basis with alternative markets, E&S casualty and travel accident lines generating most of the increase. The alternative markets growth came predominantly from a renewal rights transaction. Most of our organic growth is coming from small accounts with low limits, which should have lower volatility, as well as from our loss-sensitive E&O [ph] businesses. On the other hand, competitive conditions in the property reinsurance sector have negatively affected primary property rates. And our property growth has been flat. In the primary markets, in which our Insurance Group participate, we continue to obtain rate increases above loss trend, albeit slightly below the levels that we observed last quarter. We continue to see our best opportunities in some sectors of the E&S market and in our binding authority and program business. In these areas, we have seen improved pricing and a gain in exposure units. On the reinsurance side of the business, we have seen a continuation of softening in terms and conditions that we noted in prior quarters. As you may have heard on other calls, the property cat area remains under pressure, primarily due to the alternative capacity that has entered that market. From a production point of view, net written premium was essentially flat in the quarter for the reinsurance group over the same period of 2013. Although on a gross basis, the reinsurance segment grew by nearly 10%. Almost all of the growth in the segment was from business produced for Watford Re. Our mortgage segment includes primary mortgage insurance written through Arch MI in the U.S. and other MI internationally. Reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk, which is written globally, as well as other risk-sharing and structure mortgage businesses. As you may know, our mortgage insurance business in the U.S. serves 2 major markets: one, the credit union market; and two, banks and other mortgage lenders. Net written premium in the second quarter of 2014 was approximately $50 million, of which $25 million was written by Arch MI U.S. As we discussed on prior calls, Arch MI has a dominant position in the credit union sector and is in the process of building out its client base with the bank channel lenders. As of June 30, 2014, we have approved 222 master policy applications from banks. Of these approvals, 20 represent national accounts and the balance are regional accounts. This represents an increase of 14 in national accounts and 175 in regional accounts as compared to Q1 2014. Of the top 25 originators, we have 11 approvals so far. Of course, approvals are the first step in the process. It takes time to integrate systems, and then get into the banks rotations in order to receive new mortgage insurance policies. Group wide, on an expected basis, we continue to believe the ROE on the business we underwrote this year will produce an underwriting year [ph] ROE in the range of 11% to 13%. As on a present value basis, improvement in the Insurance Group and the addition of the mortgage segment offsets lower expected returns in the reinsurance segment. Before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to discuss our PMLs. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PML aggregates reflect business bond through July 1, while the premium numbers included in our financial statements through June 30, and that the PMLs are reflected net of reinsurance and all retrocessions. As of July 1, 2014, our largest 250-year PMLs for a single event decreased to $674 million in the Northeast or 11% of common shareholders' equity, where Gulf PMLs also decreased to $623 million. Our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $426 million, the lowest level in memory. I will now turn it over to Mark to comment further on our financial results. Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Great. Thank you, Dinos, and good morning. Firstly, I'd like to reemphasize that last quarter we made some changes to our reporting format primarily by adding 2 new segments in addition to our 2 prior segments, which were insurance and reinsurance. The new segments are mortgage business and the Other segment. The mortgage business, as Dinos has commented on, encompasses both insurance and reinsurance across U.S. and international operations, includes any risk-sharing transactions with the GSEs or banks, will also be reflected here. Previous to last quarter, mortgage insurance, reinsurance and risk-sharing transactions were reported within the reinsurance segment, but that is no longer the case, and we have provided apples-to-apples comparatives, so you can properly reference prior periods. The second new segment called Other continues to solely reflect Watford Re results at this time. Unlike our other segments, Watford Re operates through a management team that is independent from Arch. It also has a distinct and separate investment portfolio and investment strategy. Therefore, the Other segment presents Watford Re's results inclusive of its investment performance. Also as a reminder, although Arch only holds an approximate 11% minority interest in the common shares of Watford Re, we have consolidated 100% of their results on a line-by-line basis and Arch's consolidated financial statements with a requisite offset reported as noncontrolling interest. We have consolidated Watford not due to our percentage ownership but due to the GAAP accounting rules for variable interest, annuities or VIEs. The financial supplement shows consolidated financial statements that include the Other segment, which is I said is Watford Re, as well as providing other financial information that excludes the other segment. And those are footnoted as such on each page of the supplement to help your ease on analysis. Furthermore, within the segment information of the supplement, we have provided a subtotal of Arch's core segments without Watford Re and have also additionally provided Watford Re's results posted alongside to arrive at Arch's consolidated segment view. These permit views within and without the influence of Watford Re. The investment information of the supplement, however, is completely shown excluding the other segment. So my comments that follow today are on a pure Arch basis, which excludes the other segment, unless otherwise noted. So beginning in that vein, the consolidated combined ratio for the quarter was 86.2% with 1.8 points of current accident year cat-related events net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2013 second quarter combined ratio of 87.4%, which reflected 4.8 points of cat-related events. Losses from 2014 second quarter cat events net of those above items totaled $16.5 million, primarily emanating from Midwest tornadoes, the April Chilean earthquake and other small miscellaneous catastrophes. The 2014 second quarter consolidated combined ratio also reflected 9.4 points of prior year net favorable development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses compared to 9.1 points of prior period favorable development on the same basis in the 2013 second quarter. This resulted in 93.8% current accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, for this quarter compared to 91.7% of an accident year combined ratio for the second quarter of 2013. The 2014 accident year combined ratio, excluding cat for the reinsurance segment, was 92.1% compared to 82.1% in the corresponding quarter last year. In the insurance segment, the 2014 accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, was 95.8% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 98.6% a year ago. Approximately 78% of the net favorable development in the quarter, excluding the associated impact on acquisition expenses, which from the reinsurance segment, with approximately 54% of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines concentrated in more recent underwriting years. Furthermore, roughly 60% of reinsurance segment net favorable development was attributable to medium tailed lines spaced throughout many underwriting years and about 40% due to net favorable development on longer tailed lines, primarily from the 2002 through 2007 underwriting years, the youngest of which is 90 months in age. The remaining 22% of the net favorable development on consolidated basis was attributable to the insurance segment and was primarily driven by short-tailed lines from the 2008 through 2013 accident years. Similarly to prior periods, approximately 69% of our consolidated $7.3 billion of total net reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses are IBNR or additional case reserves, which continues to be a fairly consistent ratio across both the insurance and reinsurance segments. On a consolidated basis, the expense ratio for the second quarter of 2014 was 32.8% versus the prior year's comparative quarter of 32.2% expense ratio. The marginal increase in the operating expense ratio component reflects the addition of our U.S. mortgage insurance operations and incremental expenses due to certain platform expansions of both our reinsurance and insurance businesses, partially offset by a higher level of net premiums earned. Our U.S. insurance operations achieved a 2.5% effective net rate increase this quarter, which was slightly above our view of weighted loss cost trends. This average effective rate change reflects rate reductions in some units such as nearly an 8% reduction in property businesses and a 3% reduction in D&O financial institutions businesses and healthy increases of nearly 10% in our private not-for-profit D&O line, 7.5% in E&S casualty and approximately 5% in both construction and excess workers comp. As always, we make capital allocation decisions based upon our view of the absolute returns and not relative improvements alone. For example, although our insurance property businesses did not experience margin expansion this quarter, our deal was that this line is still producing acceptable net returns for our shareholders. The ratio of net premiums to gross premium in the quarter, on a consolidated basis, was 73.2% versus 77.9% a year ago. In the reinsurance segment, the net to gross as 83.1% this quarter compared to 91% a year ago, primarily reflecting sessions to Watford Re and more retro purchases protecting their property book. The insurance segment had a 67.9% net to gross ratio compared to 71.3% a year earlier. This decrease net retention predominantly reflects the impact of new alternative market accounts added during the quarter following a renewal rates agreement entered into with Sparta insurance. This agreement added nearly $93 million of gross written premium, but only $25 million on a net written basis due to inherent captive sessions [ph]. The worldwide Insurance Group net to gross ratio would have been 72.9% without the Sparta impact, which is in line with last year's comparative quarter. The mortgage business posted an 85% even combined ratio for the quarter. The expense ratio, as expected, continues to be high as front-ended operating expenses, acquired through the CMG PMI acquisition outpace premium production until proper scale was achieved. The net written premium increase of approximately $32 million in the quarter is driven by our new U.S. primary operation, mostly via the credit union channel and from 100% quarter share of PMI's 2009 to 2011 underwriting years as part of the acquisition of CMG and PMI's platform. At June 30, 2014, we run risk for $10 billion of risk-in-force, split $5.3 billion from our U.S. mortgage insurance operation, $4.6 billion to worldwide reinsurance operations and $139 million for resharing transactions. It's important to note that U.S. operations utilize policy-specific coverage ratios to determine risk-in-force from insurance in-force figures. As you may recall, insurance in-force represent the aggregate amount of the individual loans insured. Outside the U.S., we've followed market practice to estimate risk-in-force on a similar basis while for risk-sharing transaction, risk-in-force reflects our percentage participations within bound layers, as well as the impact of contract limits. That is, risk-in-force on risk-sharing transactions does not exceed the contractual limits of liability involved. The other segment being Watford Re, reported 108% even combined ratio for the quarter and $51.8 million of net written premiums and $13 million of net earned premiums. As stated earlier, these premiums reflect 100% of the business assumed rather than simply Arch's approximate 11% common share interest. The total return on our investment portfolio was a reported 180 basis points in the 2014 second quarter, driven primarily by strong equity and alternative investment performance, along with improved returns on both investment and noninvestment-grade fixed income sectors. Excluding foreign exchange, total return was 163 bps during the quarter. It's worth noting that equities and alternative investments account for roughly 15% of invested assets as of June 30, 2014, which is virtually identical to its proportion 1 year ago and amounts to $2.2 billion. This allocation on a portfolio basis, we believe, have the potential to ameliorate future impacts of fixed income securities from rising interest rates and widening credit spreads. Our embedded pretax book yield before expenses was 2.17% as of June 30, compared to 2.27% at March 31, 2014. While the duration of the portfolio is short and slightly to 3.14 years from last quarter's 3.24 years and 3.04-year durations from June 30 a year ago. The current duration continues to reflect our conservative position on interest rates in this current yield environment. Reported net investment income in the 2014 second quarter was $72.5 million or $0.53 per share versus $67 million in the 2014 first quarter or $0.49 per share and versus $68.4 million or $0.50 per share in the 2013 second quarter. The increase this quarter is primarily due to a $4.1 million interest distribution from 1 alternative investment fund. Such distributions are extremely lumpy and should not be viewed as a run rate change. Our effective tax rate on pretax operating income for the second quarter of 2014 was an expense of 3.6% compared to an expense of 3.3% in the second quarter of 2013. Approximately $1.4 million or 80 basis points of the company's second quarter tax expenses associated with a catch up of the first quarter to this higher effective rate. Additionally, we have 30 basis points of discrete tax items within the annualized 3.6% rate mentioned earlier. Fluctuations in the effective tax rate can result for variability in the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction, along with forecast variances for the last 6 months of the 2014 year. Our total capital was $7.13 billion at the end of this quarter, up 5% relative to March 31, 2014, and up 8.9% relative to yearend 2013. During this quarter, we did not repurchase any shares under our buyback authorization. Our debt-to-capital ratio remains low at 12.6% and debt plus hybrids represents only 17.2% of our total capital, which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. We also continued to estimate having capital on excess of our targeted capital division. Book value per share was $43.73 at June 30, 2014, up 5.3% versus March 31, up 9.8% relative to yearend 2013 and up nearly 19% relative to 1 year ago at June 30, 2013. This change in book value per share this quarter primarily reflects the company's strong, continued strong underwriting performance, as evidenced by the 30% increase in underwriting income relative to the second quarter of 2013. So with these introductory comments, we're now pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mark, I want to touch base, first, on the normalized growth rate in the insurance segment. If my math is right, if I take into account the one-time nature of the Sparta transaction, it looks like normalized top line growth was around 8% on a gross basis and 10% on a net basis, is that as...
Mark D. Lyons: That sounds right.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Do you -- is that a pretty reasonable run rate going forward, or could that have been elevated by some other factors?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, when you look at the sources coming from contract-binding businesses, coming from program businesses, it's pay off of investments that were done recently in contract-binding operation. Some E&S [ph] casualty business has been strengthened through accumulative rate changes. So I would say, yes, you could view that as an ongoing item. However, if rates start to fall off in unit casualty, for example, of course, we're going to make other decisions.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. It's always, Jay, it's always subject to what the market will give us. We're very, very diligent in monitoring pricing as we do. And at the end of the day, if conditions remain as such, and they don't deteriorate, yes, that will be appropriate. But surprises happen either way. So sometimes, it's not always predictable where the market is going to go.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. And then on the mortgage insurance operations, could you discuss what you feel the impact or perhaps even the benefit of the new proposed capital rules for mortgage insurers will be for Arch, given that your business is essentially fresh capital as opposed to your competitors, which are largely dealing with legacy issues?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, clearly, the higher capital requirements. For once, there is 2 issues: One is, we were required to capitalize the unit to begin with, in essence, to gain the approvals, and we are waiting for us to generate the revenue to fit into the capital requirement. So, in essence, maybe we got a size 10 shoe and a size 3 foot right now and we got a long way to go to fill it. So for the short term, I think it's a great advantage for us. Over time, I think, the higher capital requirements will require some adjustment in pricing because everybody is going to be looking for appropriate returns. But I don't know how the market is going to react to that. And also, it might affect the fees that the GSEs -- they're charging. So it's not defined on rule, it's a proposed rule, I hear in comment. But from our perspective, I think it's positive. It puts the MI business in more solid financial footing with more capital requirements. And in essence, it might create more demand for new capital like ours in the marketplace. So we view it as a positive event for us.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And my follow-up to that is, what do you feel the normalized return on equity in the MI business once it gets to steady state [ph] for Arch taking -- if the new rules are, in fact, adopted?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it's still, I believe, in the 15-plus range based on the macroeconomic condition that we are experiencing. Delinquencies are going down and the average loss per delinquent loan has improved from a year ago. But you can't expect that to continue forever. So the environment is good, but in some sectors, when you really get into the details especially on the high LTV and low FICO score area, the new capital requirements, it will require price increases in order for returns to be achieved. So we'll see how the market reacts to that, but that's the way we see it.
Mark D. Lyons: Jay, I would also add to Dinos' comments that we are not wholly a U.S. primary mortgage operation. Although reinsurance group is in the U.S. and beyond, that is the primary side having an Irish operation, plus with these risk-sharing transactions, which reported in the segment as the amalgamation of all those things. So I think as Dinos pointed out in his opening comments of our -- the way we diversify, we continue to do that and thinking even though it's a new line of business for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith with Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the mortgage insurance business, just trying to model the numbers out near term. We have seen the combined ratios the past couple of quarters in the low 80s. Is that what you expect going forward next year? Or do you expect that to come down a little bit?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It will come down not a little bit, more than a little bit. Don't forget, we have a startup cost issue with a significant sales force that we have created and no revenue to go against that sales force. Even though -- and I share the numbers in my opening remarks as to how many contracts we have or how many banks, et cetera, that activity is not going to stop producing premium revenue until the fourth quarter, first, second quarter of next year. It's a tedious, laborious effort. You have to integrate systems, you got to get on their rotation, and then once you get on their rotation, you start receiving accounts and premium. So in the meantime, we probably -- we have finished the buildout of our sales force. And our sales force is some 50-plus people for the bank channel. Of course, the credit union channel, our sales force is rented through a contractual agreement for CUNA Mutual. So all that expense, it's in these numbers, and we expect those numbers to improve significantly next year when there is premium attached to it. Mark, you want to add more detail on that?
Mark D. Lyons: I have nothing to add.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So just looking at the loss ratio, it was 30% this quarter, about 21%, 22% last quarter. I mean, was there a one-time spike this quarter for any reason?
Mark D. Lyons: I believe it's just more a function of mix of business between all the sources we talked about before. Outside of risk-sharing because risk-sharing isn't accounted for in an insurance principle's way. It's derivative accounting. But it's as simple as that, Vinay.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. But the bottom line is that we expect maybe slightly lower than, say, the high 70s or sort of it combined next year on this business.
Mark D. Lyons: Not unreasonable.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Not unreasonable, even better than that, yes.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. Right. From your words to God's ears. Okay, great.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. I mean, that's what we get paid to work towards. So we do go to church, but also, we work hard, too.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The second question is on the cat business. I mean, Dinos, I think your company is the only -- like one of the few companies that have actually cut back significantly on cat reinsurance. Now the level of cutback is significant, 46% this quarter, I think, year-to-date about down 40%. How do you view some people's arguments that you can buy retro and therefore, you can arbitrage, and therefore, you should write the business on your own balance sheet?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, that approach is not totally foreign to us. As I share those numbers with you, we did try to do quite a bit of that, of maintaining our relationship with our reinsurance customers, and then retrocede some through the purchase of retrocessional covers for us. And that's an approach that even some of our competitors are following. So when you look at our numbers, it's not always obvious to you that we cut a lot of our market relationships. We try to maintain as much of that depending as to how advantageous it was for us to maintain that relationship and by retrocession. So in essence, on an expected basis, we still have the same return characteristics. Believe me, if I can write as much cat business as I wrote a year ago and not affect return, I would have done it. But we -- our reinsurance team and our cat teams in Bermuda, I think, they're one of the best groups in the business. And I spent a lot of time with them, but we have utilized the same approach as some others. We maintain bigger gross lines, and then we retroceded out because we believe the price on the retrocessions, it was advantageous to us.
Mark D. Lyons: And Vinay, I would also add because our diversified platform on the Insurance Group side because of that softening. As I said being [ph] provider or a purchaser, they're taking maximum advantage of this, helping their net economics much more dramatically than their gross economics.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. That's helpful. And just to clarify, so on the property cat, you're saying that despite the purchase of retrocessional, your -- the profitability is still lower this year than it would be last year, correct?
Constantine P. Iordanou: ? Well, you can't take 15-or-so rate off the table and expect the same profitability. Now the profitability is not the same across every part of the curve. And when we buy retrocessional cover, sometimes it's lazier to be to in where we believe is the least appropriately priced segment on the curve, probability distribution. So -- and like I said, half the guys we got working on our cat team are smarter than me. So I -- and I have a lot of confidence in them and they have a track record of 12 years of doing extremely well. So even though I spend a lot of time with them, most of the time, they're educating me, and I like the education I get.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, but I'm just looking at the loss ratio decline or deterioration on the reinsurance business, and there's all sort of things you are talking about. It just seems it is sizable. Can you break down the components business mix, higher or lower price on reinsurance, or can you give us more color into understanding it?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I'll give you the high level and Mark or maybe on follow-up with Don, I'll give you more detail. But the basis is, you take the cat business and the expected -- combined ratio in that business is South of 80, and you're replacing some of that volume with liability business that we -- at least will reserve early on in the 100 to 105, that's 20, 25 points difference in comparing combined ratio. So once you take in big chunks, and you saw our property, property cat premium went down by some 40%, and you're replacing that with -- on an economic basis still very acceptable business because with the duration of liabilities, you're still going to earn double-digit returns, but on a combined ratio, that business we're booking at 100, thereabouts. That mix change is what's causing for us the current accident year to be booking at the levels that we have. Mark, do you want to?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, I mean, it is mixed. Dinos is right. It's right on point. But I would want to reemphasize and I get lost in the sauce with Dinos just differentiated between combined ratio and return. 1.5-year duration business versus a 4.5-year duration business even allows the interest rates -- has a different economic outcome characteristics than that clearly. The other thing I would just mention is you guys have placing bets on -- between companies about what their reserving policy is and how conservative they are. I think our track record speaks for itself. We've mentioned that our 2013 reserve position from the views of outside actuarial firms was stronger in the end of 2013 and was in the end of 2012. So you draw your own conclusions, but we're happy with where we're booking it, and it's mix and it's also our -- we believe our level of conservatism. The longer tailed line it is, the more you get different kinds of risk associated with it, you get legal theory risks, you got all kinds of different risks that manifest itself, so we have to reflect those in our initial aspects.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And thinking forward into the coming quarters or years, is the 2Q '14 results a reasonable way to think about where loss ratio is given the new mix of business or is the evolution going to continue?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, if the mix doesn't change, it's a reasonable place to be. But what a lot of people haven't really caught up with us, and hopefully, I hope the competition never does, is that we navigate, and we try to go where we believe we can find business with the proper returns. And sometimes, our shifts, the zigging and zagging, is severe. I remember when we started Arch, Paul Ingrey once told me that, "I don't care how big you get as a company as we're growing, but I hope we're not going to lose the agility of navigating like a BT boat instead of an aircraft carrier". And that's been our strategy, it's not just getting in and out of certain things but going from large accounts to small accounts and all that. And we try to react very, very quickly, and we don't worry too much about these optics that, "Oh, my reinsurance combined ratio on a current accident year is going to go up by 10%." That doesn't tell you absolutely nothing. Is that business that you ride acceptable on a total return over time or not, that's the key issue, and that's where all of our guys are focusing on. And then we let the accounting take -- and then we explain the accounting later on. But believe me, our guys are not going to write business that are not in the double-digit expected return, including the investment income component.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Makes sense. And I think I mis-asked my question. I guess, what I'm interested in is the relationship between premium earned and premium written, given what has been earned through in 2Q '14. Does that represent the book of written business that you guys think you are going to earn through over the next 9 months?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, it has to ship somewhat. I mean, to the extent -- we're still getting earned premium from property cat business. It's now been 40% reduced from the prior comparative quarter. So I don't think you're going to hit a steady-state until closer to 4Q.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a quick question on the capital management side. Looks like you took a pause in buybacks in recent quarters and to focus on the MI acquisition, as well as some other initiatives. Now with that behind you, largely, and you still have excess capital and your price book probably coming down from the level we have seen earlier. Are you sort of like -- how do you think about your priorities in terms of capital management?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, nothing has changed in our philosophy. Excess capital belongs to shareholders. Eventually, we'll find a way to get it back to them. Where our share price is today, probably share buybacks make a lot of sense. The only thing that is in our minds, we're still in the hurricane season. Usually, we'd like to be a bit conservative around that part of the season. But because you can't predict if you're going to have a storm or not, and you might need to write some big checks. Absent of that, I think is an appropriate time for us based on what you describe for us to buy back shares. But we'll make that decision in due time and due consideration based on those parameters. We still have a big authorization, we do have excess capital, but we've got the rest of the year to worry about. Right now, when I go to church and I light a candle is not to have a cat.
Mark D. Lyons: Just don't go into the confessional.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: All right. Since -- then if there's no big cats, so what's your view on the general like property cat pricing? I just wonder, are we closer to the floor? How much more you can take that your return on the business well below your target returns?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I think that business, especially on some parts of the curve, they have been pushed below double digit. I think some of that business is being priced at a high-single digit return. And at least from our perspective, as gray-hair old underwriters being in the cat business and pricing it with an expected return of 8%, 9% or 10% is insanity. I don't -- that's what we are, but I don't know where it's going to go. I mean, if I was that smart, I'll be a lot wealthier. It's -- I don't know what the competition is going to do. There is new capital that is coming in, that 8%, 9%, 10% returns are very acceptable to them on an expected basis. So if you ask me to guess, I'll probably say we're getting very close to some people that are going to say, "Hey, this thing has gone far enough." But I've been surprised in my career as to how cheap reinsurance can get sometimes. I've seen reinsurance get priced at negative ROEs many times. We just -- I just hope we're smart enough that we'll never going to do it and I have confidence in our guys that they are smart enough, as far as I'm concerned, that they're not going to get there ever.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Byrnes with Janney Capital.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just also wanted to -- also in the reinsurance, and also, I guess, the insurance as well, but where -- the impact that rates that are having on the underlying loss ratio. I know there's some business mix shift especially in the reinsurance segment. But are rates having any impact on the underlying loss ratio right now as well?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Go ahead, Mark.
Mark D. Lyons: I think on -- it has to, and it has to do it on both sides. But we think -- meaning insurance and reinsurance, but we think that weighting factor that we talked about is a waiting of loss ratios that reflect the marketplace realities of some -- with rate increases, some with rate decreases. So we don't do this in bulk, we do this line-by-line with a view of where we think it's going. So on the insurance side and the reinsurance side, we think those reflect exactly the market environments we're living in.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just one other quick numbers one. The impact of Sparta in the quarter on the insurance side, is that -- it should that be a one-time or should that be -- should that have elevated premiums flow through in the third and fourth quarter, and I guess, first quarter next year as well?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, it's a good question. It's roughly -- it's going to be North of $100 million annualized. It's not even, it doesn't -- I think second quarter is the thickest quarter.
Constantine P. Iordanou: $100 million gross.
Mark D. Lyons: $100 million gross. Sorry, yes.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's probably north of $100 million gross, about $33 million [ph], $35 million [ph] net, so assuming that we take everything or the clients because we have to make some adjustments to the pricing and there is a client on the other side that might say yes or no to our adjustments, right? But don't forget, a lot of these clients, they're paying predominantly through these round of captives most of their own losses. That's why you're funding and the excess is only a component, about 25% of the premium gross to net, there about it. So if you're going to do comparisons, I think because we're an A+ carrier and Sparta was going into runoff, I think a lot of the accounts cancel and rewrote just to get on our books. So I would think that's more of a one-time adjustment. Of course, all these premium is renewable next year, and it's going to get again on our books a year from today. But there are not going to be a lot of renewals in the third and fourth quarter because account that they had renewals in the third, fourth quarter even in the first quarter, they truncated their placements by cutting off the prior, and then renewing fresh with us in a much better and stronger paper.
Mark D. Lyons: But on an annualized basis, right, there's going to quarterly fluctuations. It's reasonable to assume that we'd be maybe $120-ish million [ph] gross and $30 million [ph] net, something like that, $30 million [ph], $35 million [ph] net. So the quarterly breakdown isn't smooth, but if you think of it annualized, then I think that's proper.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Just one quick follow-up on the other segment. Once Watford ramps up, how should we think about, I guess, the longer term combined ratio ranges?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Combined ratio for whom? For us or Watford?
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: For Watford and you. I mean, you get the fees, but for them [ph]. I guess, the question I'm trying to ask is, is the business being ceded to them similar to what you would have put on your balance sheet otherwise?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. The business that we price on their behalf and we put on their books goes through the same underwriting scrutiny that we were doing. The only difference between what we do versus what we would do for Watford, Watford has a higher return on the float. So investment income and fee business [ph] to a particular deal will be higher. And so, some deals even though from an underwriting perspective, quality of risks, selection of risks, et cetera, it would be still acceptable. You might not make the cut with Arch because we're applying risk-free rate of returns, it will be acceptable for Watford because the investment income component is more advantageous. That's the only difference between the 2. We still have an expectation over time when we get into a steady-state environment that the Watford Re business, it will be sub-100 combined ratio, probably in the mid-90s, that's what I'm talking. We try to get it in the mid-90s.
Mark D. Lyons: And let me just add because Dinos' comments were driven mostly towards the loss ratio as opposed to expense ratio. And the componentry there between AC [ph] and acquisition and OpEx is still different. They're going to be thinner on OpEx and thicker on AC. But again, mix is a big deal here, so the line of business is the difference, quarter share versus XOL, is difference on any given quarter, how those things mix in? So as they grow, you got some benefit on OpEx for scale benefits, but it won't be enormous. So quarter-by-quarter, it's really a function of what's written and what the acquisition is associated with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: I guess, my first question is on the action [ph] ROE, the 11% to 13% you mentioned. I think in the past, when you've given that number, usually the reinsurance has been above whatever the overall number was and the insurance has been below. Is that still the case? Or given the changes in the relative marketplaces, are they now even? Is insurance above reinsurance? I'm just curious how that's going.
Constantine P. Iordanou: On an underwriting year basis, they're getting closer, I think they're about equal. Don't forget, my reinsurance guys don't like to write unprofitable business, but they are accepting -- in the past, they wouldn't accept anything that was South of 15%. Now, they're accepting business at 10%, 11%, 12% ROE. Of course, this is unallocated capital. We allocate capital on every deal, and that's the way they see. The Insurance Group never had the volatility, but also the opportunity to price business at 20% ROE. You get that on reinsurance, you don't get that on insurance. So the reinsurance group fluctuates from 10% to 15% and thereabouts. I think inception to date, our Insurance Group has produced like 14% ROE inception to date, meaning 12 years. So directly to your question, I haven't done the calculated now. It will be bothering me, so I'm going to do it next week. But I would think they're about the same and -- the mortgage business, once you get to steady state, it would be better than that.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Of course. Of course. You can probably guess part of the reason I was asking is a couple of competitors talked about ROEs and reinsurance being single digit now, so -- or being willing to accept single-digit business. I'm just curious how far you felt it had fallen.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Even if I wanted, my guys won't to it.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Exactly, exactly.
Mark D. Lyons: One other clarification, we just saw on the quarter that net written, which future net earned is -- was a 15% growth in the insurance group and flat in the reinsurance group. So as the core margins continue to expand on an earned basis from the Insurance Group, and they make up a higher percentage of the total net earned premium, the arithmetic is going to work.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, you got to understand. Our reinsurance team is the same. These are all Paul Ingrey guys. And believe me, whatever he has done, it was like -- they're all brainwashed. They believe in the philosophy, they practice it. And it has been a great thing for the group over the last 12 years. They had one of -- maybe the top teacher in the business if not the top -- one of the top teachers. We get the benefit. I'm not going to do anything to change that. They look at accounts. They see where they're going. They cut back lines. They switch to different lines. They have a methodology and the numbers speak for themselves.
Mark D. Lyons: And again, remember, we are on both sides of the mirror with the diversified platform. The Insurance Group has a lot of treaties now with ceding commissions that begin with a 3, and that's going to find its way through, as net premiums are earned.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Absolutely, absolutely. The other part obviously you said the MI will be above once it ramps up. I guess, the only concern I had on the MI with the new proposed rules is, it seems the business will be more post pro-cyclical, right, that if we start having delinquencies, the capital charges start spiking up. And I am not necessarily saying if we have an '08 again, hopefully we never see that again. But if we have any kind of downturn, it becomes a lower ROE business than we would have thought. Does that change your sort of long-term outlook? And I'm not saying that's still not attractive but it's a little bit less attractive than when you got into it when you have rules that make it pro [ph] cyclical into a downturn?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, I think it's as attractive as we made. We thought about these issues even when we're making the decision. The big lesson in MI is no different than any lesson in accepting risk. When you throw out underwriting standards, as the MI fraternity throughout in '05, '06, '07, you're looking for trouble. And I can do the same with the DNO, I can do the same with private passenger or throw away [ph] and I can do the same with any line of business. Once you throw out your underwriting guidelines, now, your volume and your production, it will be significantly affected if you maintain discipline. What we have been telling both the regulators and the other investors is, we got into this with the idea that we will be disciplined, no different approach to underwriting MI that we underwrite any other line of business. Now yes, you're absolutely correct. Sometimes, even though you're very disciplined in the quality of the loans you're going to underwrite, the FICO scores, et cetera, macroeconomic conditions will change some of the other drivers like delinquencies and all that. But then, it doesn't mean that you make a decision to get into a particular line of business for just 1 or 2 or 5 years, you look at it over the prospect of it at least 10-year period of time and doesn't make sense or not, still makes a lot of sense for us. And we believe we have the right management to manage it in a prudent way over the future. That's our opinion, and we still believe it's an attractive place for us to be.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Okay, good point. And then just last one before lunch, on Watford real quick. Mark, tell me if I'm doing this math right, it looks like out of this $55 million of gross, about $15 million was sort of new business, third-party new business, if you will, and about $40 million was ceded from Arch's books. Is that about right?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, you're kind of in the ballpark, maybe a little more external.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, no. There is more external, but sometimes we are in the front of it.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Well, that's what I was kind of getting at. So your front -- yes, that's what I'm trying to figure out is how much...
Constantine P. Iordanou: For some deals, and we get a fee and we get -- and also we get 150% collateral behind it. So we do have some agreements that we view when we put our paper out that are beneficial to both of us, them and thus. And for certain clients, we do that. But of course, it increases the cost and then sometimes it doesn't make the deal go through. But in some cases, it does. But they're starting to sell just purely their own paper. Because if you're going to get the best economics for a client, you get the best economics when you buy Watford Re paper.
Mark D. Lyons: And Ian, I think the big takeaway is that, for those increased market acceptance, the flow of business is strong and getting stronger, and it's across more varied lines of business, and that's exactly what you hope for.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: That is what I was wondering. What it was -- was the third party flow in line with what you thought or were you finding you are having to write more business on the Arch paper and cede it out the back door to get acceptance?
Mark D. Lyons: We're happy where it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: One quick question, Mark. Did the Florida business or the alternative markets business overall have material impact on the acquisition expense ratio in insurance?
Mark D. Lyons: Let me think about that. It's only $24 million, $25 million of net written, but the ceded is, by definition was another 70 million of ceded. So I can give you a better answer off to the side and comment on it, but I would think it would be a marginal impact on the net acquisition ratio, in the tenths.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. I'll follow-up with that. And then, Dinos when you talk about 11% to 13% underwriting year returns, are those at the level that you're booking the reserves initially? Or how you're actually expect this to play out over time?
Constantine P. Iordanou: We booked the reserves a little more conservative than -- our philosophy on reserves is that you price something let's say has 3- to 4-year duration. The original setting up of IBNR is at the pricing level where we priced it. Any bad results that emerged in the first 3, 4 years we let go through, we don't adjust the IBNR independent -- so any unusual large loss that might come through, we just book it immediately, we don't adjust IBNR. And then we relook at everything usually depending on the duration of the business, 3, 4 years out, and then we'd make judgments at that point in time. So that's been our reserving philosophy. So when you get in the 11% to 13%, and the reason we have 11% to 13% is you can't be precise on an underwriting year as to how well it's going to behave. It's too many moving parts, trend might change on you, et cetera. But that's the philosophy that we have and the allocation of the capital to that calculation is we do it as we allocate capital to the operating unit, and we use the S&P model 2 notches above our A+ rating, and that's the way we allocate capital to the operating unit. So -- and because we are a total return shop and I don't -- maybe I should be putting on exhibit in our releases. Even though operating ROEs smoother and ROE, total ROE is -- it can be volatile depending on realized capital gains, et cetera, you will find out that for the last, probably 3 years or so, that our returns, they've been better than our operating returns from an ROE point of view. And Don can give you those statistics because we keep them and we have them.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thank you and thanks, everybody, for bearing with us, and we're looking forward to seeing you next quarter. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou - Chairman, President and CEO Mark Lyons - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Equities John Hall - Wells Fargo Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Meredith - UBS Ian Gutterman - BAM  
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statement in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessment and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.   Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statement in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Please proceed
Dinos Iordanou: Well, thanks Glenn. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. We had an excellent first quarter from an underwriting perspective and we were also successfully launching two strategic initiatives this past quarter, we entered the U.S. direct mortgage insurance market place and also became a reinsurance manager for our pool of Watford Re. I will comment further on this initiative shortly, but first let me share a few observations on the quarter. Earnings were solid and were driven by excellent reported underwriting results aided by low catastrophe activity. On a consolidated basis, our premium revenue grew by approximately 11% on a gross written basis and nearly 12% on a net written basis. Although we were -- a few noteworthy items which I will get to in a minute. On an operating basis, we earned $1.20 per share for the quarter, which produce an annualized return on equity of 12.1% for the first quarter of 2014 compared to 12.9% for the same quarter in 2013. On a net income basis earned a $30 per share this quarter which corresponds to an annual rate of 13% return on equity. Our reported underwriting results in the first quarter were excellent as reflected by a combined ratio of 84.7% and were aided by low level of capacity losses and favorable loss reserve development. We also benefited from improved accident year performance in our U.S. reinsurance group, which was more than offset or by an increased in the accident year combined ratio in the reinsurance group. It is worth noting that there were three components to the increase in reinsurance groups accident year combined ratio. In the first place the mix of business changed, with the group writing less property cat business, which has the lower expected loss ratio. And secondly our reinsurance grew over the past 12 months found more casualty and professional liability business both in the U.S. and internationally, which met our return threshold. And third because some of this casualty business we underwrote has a longer duration, which should produce excellent economic returns, we follow our historical practice of reserving very long-tail business at a more conservative level. The longer the tail, the more conservative is a loss pay and historically this approach has worked very well for us. So, no need for us to change that methodology and we chose not to. Net investment income per share on a sequential basis was flat in the quarter at $0.49 per share. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was approximately $200 million a bit less than the $205 million from the same period last year. The total return on the investment portfolio was 100 basis points for the quarter inclusive of fluctuation in foreign exchange rates. Our book value per common share at March 31, 2014, rose to $41.53 increasing by 4.3% sequentially and 10.3% relative to first quarter of a year ago. Now, let me return to the strategic initiatives I mentioned earlier. As you know, we along with Highbridge Principal Strategies a subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Company launch a newly form multi-line reinsure what we in late March with $1.1 billion of initial capital. Arch invested approximately 11% of the common equity and we’ll serve as the Watford Re reinsurance manager. Mark will go into more detail on the accounting and for Watford, when he gets to his prepared remarks. Despite the late start in the first quarter, Watford Re was only formed in the last few days of the quarter, Arch seeded $32.2 million of premiums to Watford Re. We believe that this new venture will benefit shareholders of both Arch and Watford Re. our mortgage segment includes primarily mortgage insurance, we sell through Arch mine in the U.S. and internationally the reinsurance treaties covering mortgage risk which is written globally as well as other risk bearing and structural mortgage business. Our mortgage business in the U.S. serves two major markets, credit unions and banks and other mortgage lenders. Arch U.S. MI represents about 40% of their $43.3 million of net written premium in the first quarter of 2014, most of which is attributed to the credit union sector. As we have discussed on prior calls in the banking sector, we continue to build our client base. As of last week, we have had received over a 100 master policy applications from banks of which 98 have been approved, 13 of these approvals represented national accounts and the rest are regional or local banks. The number of master policies is increasing each month with March approvals doubled February’s rate and April running at 2.5 times the March rate. Of course, approvals on the first step in this process, it takes time to integrate systems and then get into the banks with patience in order to receive new mortgage insurance policies. Our sales force is working hard on this and they are intended to achieve their sales targets all the time. In the primary markets, in which our insurance group participates we continue to obtain rate increases above most trends slightly above the levels that we observed last quarter. In our U.S. insurance operations we achieved rate increases in the quarter that provided the 120 basis points of expected margin improvement which was better than the last quarter. We continue to see a best opportunities in some sectors of the E&S market and binding authority and program businesses. In these areas, we’ve been steady, we have seen steady improvements in pricing and steady gain in exposure units which contributed to our solid growth in the first quarter although we did observe the large account casualty and professional liability guarantee course segments coming under more pricing pressure in the first quarter of 2014. We currently remain a minor player in these sectors. On the reinsurance side of the business, we have seen a continuation of softening in terms and conditions that we noted in our prior quarter’s remarks. As you’ve heard on other calls the property cat area remains under pressure primarily due to the alternative capacity that has entered the market. For the first quarter we experienced approximately a 15% reduction in property cat rates on a gross basis. Also as we reported on the last quarter’s call, cedents are aggressively requesting additional ceding commission on quota share contracts of between 2% and 4% and reinsurance buyers continue to shift business to excess of loss treaties. Let me remind you again, since we fall within insurance and reinsurance enterprise, should we experience pain in our insurance segment, we tend to benefit from the improvement in terms of on our insurance operations as we are significant buyers of reinsurance. From a production point of view, gross return premium in the reinsurance segment grew by 14.8% over the same period last year to two significant treaties returned in 2013 on a risk attaching basis as well as some new international casualty treaties. Net written premium increased just 5% over the same period due to additional retro-purchases and our sessions to Watford Re. The insurance segment grew premium by 6% on a gross basis and 8% on a net basis. Most of our growth is coming from no limit accounts and our loss sensitive business which is national accounts and constructions, mostly return on large deductible loss-sensitive basis. Group wide on an expected basis, we continue to believe the ROE in the business we underwrote this quarter will produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 11% to 13% with ROE improvements in the insurance group results offset by deterioration in the reinsurance group primarily due to lower cat rates. The higher reserving rates for the casualty business in the current accident year will not affect the underwriting ROE at ultimate in our reinsurance business. Before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to discuss our PMLs. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PML aggregates reflect business balance bound through April 1st while the premium numbers included in our financial statements are through March 31st and that the PMLs are reflected net of reinsurance purchases and retro sessions. As of April 1, 2014 our 250 year PMLs for a single event decreased to $705 million in the Northeast for 11% of common shareholders equity. This is the lowest level I think I believe in our history while Gulf PMLs also decreased to $624 million. Our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $488 million. We know that these reductions reflect a change in catastrophe models from RMS version 11 to version 13 as well as opportunistic retro session purchases that we chose to buy. I will now it over to Mark to comment further on our financial returns and results. And after his prepared comments we will entertain your questions. Mark?
Mark Lyons: Great. Thank you, Dinos and good morning. As you’ve noticed by now, we have made some changes to our reporting format. We added two new segments in addition to our prior insurance and reinsurance segment as well as modified some line of business definitions. The new segments are mortgage business and the colorfully named other segment. The mortgage business segment in composes both insurance and reinsurance across U.S. and international operations and additionally any risk-sharing transactions with the GSEs or banks will be contained here. Previously mortgage insurance, reinsurance and risk-sharing transaction results were reported within the reinsurance segment, but that is no longer the case and we’ve provided apples-to-apples comparatives so you can profitably reference prior period. The second new segment called other, currently reflects the Watford Re results, which is a new Bermudian Class 4 reinsurer with an A minus A.M. Best rating and as Dinos said, 1.13 billion in total capital. Arch acts as Watford’s underwriting manager, while Highbridge is a subsidiary of JP Morgan, manages Watford’s investments. Even though Arch only holds an 11% minority interest in the common shares of Watford Re along with some warrants, we have consolidated 100% of their results in Arch’s financial statement with a requisite offset reported as non- controlling interest. We’ve consolidated Watford not due to our percentage ownership, but due to the accounting rules of variable interest entities or VIE. Therefore Arch’s consolidated statements not reflect Watford’s assets, liabilities, cash flows, revenues and other income statement items at a gross 100% level with a corresponding approximate 89% non-controlling interest removed as a single line offset where appropriate. Unlike other segments, Watford has its own operations and accordingly has its own assets, investment strategy and management. We will present Watford results inclusive of its investment performance. The other change we made within our financial presentation is our definition of grouping of products within the insurance segment. Some lines are broken out more finely than before whereas others are combined with previously provided lines. In both cases, groupings were made with an eye towards our line of management accountability in conjunction with materiality levels. Now, I’ll proceed the report on our financial results for the quarter. At this point, the financial results of ACGL, with or without Watford Re are not materially different from each other since Watford only had 2.2 million of net earned premium. Over time however as Watford Re grows, they will become more significant and I will make some comments that include or exclude their results as appropriate in the future quarters. The only comment of significance this quarter is to point out that ACGL’s cash increased approximately $1.1 billion. This is predominantly due to the capital rates for Watford Re in late March and that Arch is consolidating Watford. For this quarter, I will make financial comments that include Watford, since they don’t move the needle at this time. The consolidated combined ratio for this quarter was 84.7%, with six-tenths of a point of current accident year cat events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2013 first quarter combined ratio of 84.6%, which reflected 1.5% of cat-related events. Cat losses occurring in the 2014 first quarter represented $5.5 million net of reinsurance of recoverable and reinstatement premiums, emanating from various events. The 2014 first quarter consolidated combined ratio also reflected 9.5 points of prior year net favorable development, compared to 7.1 points of prior period favorable development in the 2013 first quarter. 86% of this net favorable development was from the reinsurance segment, with nearly 75% of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines, primarily stated with the more recent underwriting years. Approximately 20% of the reinsurance segment’s favorable development was attributable to longer-tailed lines, mostly emanating from the older 2003 to 2005 underwriting years. The remaining 5% of the Reinsurance segment’s net favorable development was attributable to medium-tailed lines throughout many underwriting years. The Insurance Group accounted for 14% of the aggregate net favorable development, which was almost entirely driven by short-tailed lines in recent accident years. Similar to prior periods, approximately 68% of our total net reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses, a $7.2 billion are IBNR or additional case reserves, which is fairly consistent ratio across both the Reinsurance and Insurance segments over time. Therefore the current accident quarter consolidated combined ratio excluding cats for the first quarter was 93.6% compared to 90.2% accident quarter combined ratio in the first quarter 2003. In the Reinsurance segment as Dinos has already commented on the 2014 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 92.6% compared to 79.7% in the corresponding quarter in 2013, and 85% in the 2013 fourth quarter serially. The Reinsurance segment’s result this quarter reflected reduction in property cat writings on a gross basis with additional record sectional support as well along with an increase of casualty business driven by a large U.S. professional liability treaty as an European excess of loss contracts. In the insurance segment the 2014 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats improved to 94.8% compared to 97.9% a year ago, showing continued improvement in margin expansion that has been aided by the lesser valuable smaller accounts strategy implemented over the last half years. Also on a consolidated basis, the ratio of net premium to gross premium in the quarter was 82.2% versus 81.9 a year ago. In the Reinsurance segment the net to gross ratio is 85.9% in this quarter compared to 93.8% a year ago primarily due to the changing mix of business on a written basis, and the increased use of the large professional covers as previously mentioned. The insurance segment had a 74.7% net to growth ratio compared to 73.2% a year ago, as a function of the lesser volatility businesses as they continue to expand upon. The consolidated expense ratio of 34.0% this quarter is 2.5 points higher than the 31.5 expense ratio reported in the first quarter of 2013. This is largely driven by increase in acquisition expenses in the Reinsurance segment along with the operating expenses related to our U.S. primary mortgage insurance operation. The insurance segment expense ratio was flat with the first quarter of 2013. As we expect pricing levels the U.S. insurance operation as Dinos mentioned, achieved a net 120 basis point margin expansion in the quarter, or a corresponding quarter of 2013, larger expansion to as a reminder, as we reported represents the excess of written effective rate increases over estimated loss trends, margin expansion continues in our program casualty and construction and national accounts business while contracting slightly in healthcare and property. We are continuing to see a lower level of loss cost inflation, but are approaching lease trends cautiously. Our new mortgages business segments posted an 81.3% calendar combined ratio for the quarter, expenses ratio was 59.4% as largely driven by front ended operating expenses assumed during the CMG, PMI acquisition such as staff and infrastructure to support the acquisition of premium for the bank channel of our new U.S. primary mortgage operation. The increase in net written premium is $17.5 million this quarter is driven by premium gains from our new U.S. primary operation, mostly via the credit union side as Dinos mentioned and by assume premium emanating from 100% reported share of PMI’s 2009 to 2011 underwriting years as part of the aggregate acquisition of those platforms. Although reinsurance business added $25 million of net written premium offset by approximately $11 million reduction from one reinsurance stream. At March 31, 2014 we held $5.3 billion of risk in-force from our primary U.S. operations and additional $5.5 billion to our mortgage reinsurance and risk-sharing operations. Risk in-force is a standard measure of exposure in the mortgage insurance industry, that generally represents approximately 25% of the total aggregate loan values. It is this risk in-force figure and forms the bases for capital ratios leads by the GSE’s regulators and rating agencies. This segment also experienced $1.2 million of net favorable development this quarter which represents approximately three combined ratio points. This net favorable development mostly emanated from order of report years that had better than expected emergence. The other segment currently contains the results of Watford Re. As I discussed previously Watford Re was consolidated into Arch’s financial statements at 100% level, therefore the $32.2 million of net written premium, written by Watford this quarter represents 100% of all the business they assumed and not just Arch’s 11% current share interest. Adjustments for the non-controlling interest are made in the single adjustment line to net income rather than each line on the income statement balance sheet or cash flow statement. Watford Re reported a 151.8% calendar combined ratio on a small net premium basis $2.2 million certain startup expenses associated with the formation of Watford were also reflected and these should be reviewed as non-recurring. Reported net investment income in the quarter was $0.49 per share substantially unchanged from the 2013 first quarter of $0.48 a share. Our embedded free tax put yield before expenses was 2.27% as of March 31st, compared to 2.38% at prior year-end. The duration of the portfolio increased this quarter to 3.24 years from 2.62 years as of year-end. The total return on the portfolio was 100 basis points in the quarter with non-investment grade, fixed income, equities and alternatives augmenting returns on our core investment grade income portfolio. Excluding foreign exchange total return was marginally different at 102 basis points in the quarter. The effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income for the first quarter of 2014 was an expense of 1.7% versus an identical expense of 1.7% in the first quarter of 2013. As always fluctuation in the effective tax rate, that result from variability in relative mix of income or loss reported like jurisdiction. Arch’s total capital was $6.8 billion at the end of this quarter, compared to $5.7 billion at the end of 2013 first quarter and $6.5 billion at year-end 2013. The $1.1 billion increased in total capital from a year ago is primarily driven by the $500 million debt raised in December 2013 plus approximately $600 million of retain earnings over the last four quarters. Our capital structure now at March 31st is comprised the 13.2% debt, 4.8% preferred and 82% even of common equity. At the end of this quarter, we continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted capital position. And Dinos has just mentioned book value per share as a reminder increased 4.3% in the first quarter up to $41.53, which is also 10% -- 10.3% higher than a year ago. The growth in book value this quarter is driven by the company’s continued strong underwriting results. With these introductory comments, we’re now pleased to take your questions.
Dinos Iordanou:  So Glen, we’re ready for the questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes the line of Amit Kumar, Macquarie. Please proceed.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Equities:  Thanks and good morning, and congrats on another strong quarter.
Dinos Iordanou:  Thanks Amit and good morning to you and everybody else by the way.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Equities:  Just two quick questions. The first question is, goes back to your comment on capital and I guess declining PMLs and your two new initiatives. I was just wondering, how should we, maybe can you update your views on potential acquisition opportunities in the marketplace versus what you are building out right now. Does your view change if something presents itself? Or are you more focused on MI and Watford Re right now?
Dinos Iordanou:  Multiple questions. Let me start with, we’re always focused intensely on everything that we want. I don’t care, if it’s insurance or reinsurance, the MI or Watford. So, that focus is always going to be there, but it doesn’t preclude us from also looking forward on other opportunities. Your question about M&A activity, yes we are willing to look at opportunities presented in the marketplace. But still I prefer way is to build versus buy, we find that from a lot of different perspectives to be more attractive. Culturally, we better selection or at least the selection of people that we believe culturally fit with us et cetera. So and there are some of those opportunities that we are pursuing now globally that will fit into the category. And of course we will not say no to a potential acquisition if it fits our characteristics. It is specialty business that does it fit with our D&A is the underwriting pasture past and going forward a good fit with us because maybe I am very bias to culture within a company. And one thing that I am extremely careful is not to change the culture that we have within Arch. I am not saying it is better or worse than anybody else, but it is what it is and it seems we have had very good performance over 12 years following that philosophy I am kind of the guardian on it. So with more of a difficult company to come to an agreement on an M&A opportunity because of all these issues.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Equities: Got it. That’s actually very helpful. The only other question I have is on your MI platform. First of all and may be this is the numbers question, but some other MI players and again I am new to this give sales metrics in terms of new insurance written et cetera, would that be in the Q or how should we sort of think about the sales metrics?
Dinos Iordanou: Well we’re going to be reporting that in our Q and eventually don’t forget this is our first attempt on MI disclosure. And as I said in last quarter we’re looking also from input as to what is going to help you as I know is viewing our business. So any suggestions you have or what kind of information that will be helpful to you to see, get with Don Watson, which is the head of our Investor Relations. And then if we find it appropriate, we’ll improve disclosure in our press releases and supplemental data.
Mark Lyons:  But the overall approach of that is that we’ll provide by at least as much as what’s standard in the industry.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Equities: Got it that’s very helpful. And I guess related to that and this is my final question. Any update on your views on the MI market? I guess my understanding that there have been some players who have attributed a slowdown, I guess to the cold weather in Q1 and there is some discussion I guess in that market place regarding the housing recovery, any update would be helpful on the marketplace? Thanks.
Dinos Iordanou:  Well, first a little bit of a shameful plug on our people. If you go on our website, we bought mortgage insurance, published as a quarterly newsletter which gets into a lot of these macro issues. And I will encourage you instead of taking everybody’s time, to get on the website, go to Arch MI and look at the quarterly views that we have on the macro issues within the Mortgage Insurance page. It is clear that in the first quarter refis have been reduced significantly, on the basis that interest rates, mortgage interest rates have gone up and I believe if you look at it from inside mortgage finance I think the reduction in refis would like 63% in the first quarter. Having said that, the persistency there is no refis goes up on the existing business. So because a mortgage that gets refilled, you are losing the premium if you was already at cover mortgage to a new one that we are going to get under the refi. We are not projecting at least in the data that we have a significant change in volume on our credit union business, but we expect some slowdown over the year because new originations are down and refis that a way down. Now the more difficult question for us, once that what is going to take three, four quarters for you guys to get a flavor of, it’s our penetration in the bank channel because we are early on in the process, we are signing these master agreement, we are starting to receive business but it’s a lengthy process; you’ve got to go through the process of filing and getting approvals on the master agreement then the systems linkage has to be there and then you are starting to get on there with patience to start receiving that business. Mark anything else?
Mark Lyons: Yes. I would just add, Dinos really has just outlined kind of the staggered approval process and I think that supplement that has affected the industry is dominated by monthly not single premiums. So even when you get the approval to business flow takes a while to build because of the monthly nature of the premium lenders.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Equities: All right. Thanks for those answers.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Hall with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Good morning, Dinos, Mark and the rest of the Arch team.
Mark Lyons:  Good morning.
Dinos Iordanou: Hi, John.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Hi, there. I’ve got questions related to I guess the shifting business mix in the combined ratio in the reinsurance segment?
Dinos Iordanou:  Right.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Have we sort of reached a steady state, where by the mix shift has occurred and the migration up in the combined ratio is (inaudible) expenses aside. We’ve sort of hit where we’re going to be on a going forward basis?
Dinos Iordanou:  I’d say that’s a tough question, because I got to understand, the mix that we’re going to have going forward. I would say probably because of a bit of conservatism we took on some of the business we will that had very long duration. And I’m not talking about four, five year duration, this is business that it will have maybe 7, 10 and some of it even beyond that duration. We’re always very cautious when we price that business and also when we reserve that business. Because you confirm yourself early on and we try not to. If you saw where our reserve releases came from casualty in the reinsurance sector, they came from the ‘03, ‘04, ‘05 year. So that tells you, it was a same philosophy we had then that he, let’s not celebrate early on very long term duration business. So, not knowing, what kind of contracts, I’m going to see in the future, I would tell you that, we have reached that, if the mix is exactly the same next quarter. In all probability that would be probably down 5 or 6 loss ratio points, if we go back to more of a normal mix that we had in prior quarters. So, it’s a very difficult question to answer, unless you have a scenario as to what we’re going to write and what type of business going forward. But, Mark, do you want to add a few points on that spend more time on that analyzing and …?
Mark Lyons: Yes, I’d be happy to do. So, I think first thing I got two points to make, I think the first one is that, you really got to look not as much quarter to quarter, but perhaps what year-to-year would be like. I mean the first quarter big as 79.7% last year, that was really an 82% for the year and fourth quarter and this is like 84% or so something. So, it’s a little bit of an artificial movement. But I think what’s more important and I think it’s telling that since I changed job from the insurance group over and had a chance to really dig into the reinsurance group in this position. If you look backwards either, this is emanating out of the U.S. or from reinsurance operations, not only was it an outstanding job of underwriting. It was an outstanding job of reserving. And if you look now versus then, it’s the same chief actuaries, it’s the same management of the segment, it’s virtually the same, as a holding company, which is what we’re talking about here. So, it’s one thing for a company to say, we haven’t changed anything on the reserve methodology, it’s different to say that compoundably so it’s the same individuals involved with regards to consistency. And I think that’s an important point.
Dinos Iordanou: And John, accident year in one quarter especially the most recent quarter is a self grading exam. Self grading exams to something that it has more than let’s say five year duration is in full paradise. At the end of the day, look at me five years from today and you see how well we’ve done on that business. Now, it makes it difficult for you guys to estimate and I understand. But I think the historical performance which is where Mark is pointing you, might give you an indication of the culture and also the methodologies that we go through in making these long-term reserve decisions that we have to make.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: I appreciate that. Thank you, Dinos. And I guess the profit characteristics, can you talk about the target ROE and ROE you’re achieving here, I guess there is a greater portion of the most recent quarter’s business attributable to investment earnings?
Dinos Iordanou: That’s correct. When you write a very long tail line of business, there is a few of these, we have treaties that we have booked at 110 combined, we have treaties that we booked 115 combined depending on very long duration of liabilities. And you are going to earn the adequate return because the investment income is going to come over many years. So, when you take those cash flow metrics and value them back and then you look at it from that perspective, and that’s why I made that comment the 11 to 13 on an underwriting year basis, because that’s the [states] that usually make all of our decisions. When we bring all the cash flows, we want something, it’s going to be revenues and expenses going out and claims going out over a long period of time, we bring it all back to that underwriting year and then we make that determination, what is the expected return, and that’s what guides us. I mean that’s been the methodology, not only from a pricing point of view but also from a reserving point of view. So, and usually we’ll start reflecting some of that depending on the longevity of the business, maybe four, five years out, we take another look at, we’re not going touch it for four, five years, because it’s too early. You’ve got to allow that data to come in, you get more confidence and you say, hi maybe my reserves are little higher than they should have been. And the beauty of our reserves, nobody has fixed their hands in your pocket and takes some money out. It’s in our bank accounts, the running interest and dividends on our behalf. And at the end of the day when you recognize them in your financial statements, it becomes data driven, but data driven from our perspective needs some conservatism here.
Mark Lyons: And John, one of the key principles in any part of the market cycles that we’ve operated on is that we’re driven by the economics of the dealer transaction, not the accounting of it. And I think the best example of that would excess workers’ compensation which is more, the green light decision, I’ll add more than function of the interest rates, more than they [underwrite] pricing in some cases, because it’s 16 to 18 year duration business. So it’s super sensitive to changes in interest rates and is dominated by the investment return. So and that will book [clearly] that might be booking at 120 or 130 even in the good market, but it will be a killer on a return basis.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: I appreciate that. I just have one point clarification, in your prepared comments Dinos, you mentioned that rate in primary market was above loss trend, but you didn’t mention what that number was, I was wondering if you could share that.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, we said a 120 bps you know in improvement; in the last quarter, we said it was 80 bps. I think the rate increase on average I think in the last quarter was 3.8%; this quarter, I think it was 4.0%, so 20 bps came just from that. And there is a little bit of a trend improvement. But when it comes to trend improvements, we are very, very, very hot bunch of guys to convince. We are always -- we look at it, we look at the improvement but we don’t factor it a lot on our published numbers until work from Missouri, it quadruple itself, but I can tell you, I look at a lot of these indications I think we actually see, they see a lot of mayhem there. I don’t know they like it or hate but I am the only actuary in the room usually and they are all around me. But a lot of our indications the positive, the trend indications better than expected and more importantly, we do an analysis on actual versus expected, we got these curves and then we try to see what expected most as we expect from more the underwriting years for the quarter and how much has come in and those have been extremely good, especially this quarter. But one quarter can always fool you, but we have consistency in looking at actual versus expected and being very, very positive.
John Hall - Wells Fargo: Great. Thank you very much, Dinos.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Let me just ask if I can just on the reinsurance, was there anything unusual, I mean in this quarter about the profitability of that book or I realized the year-over-year is different because of mix, but just standalone this quarter, anything unusual about where the profitability came in?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. The only thing unusual is that we expect less to hit from the property cat from two points of you. One is less volume, because -- and second probably a little less I will read, because of the rate reduction, we’re not happy about it. But there is -- even the best management teams can fight Mr. market, Mr. market is going against that in that particular segment. So that’s the only thing unusual. Everything else is as normal as anything. We look at transactions, we look at potential profitability long-term, we don’t [clear] it is short tail, medium tail, very long tail, as long as you make the return characteristics, we do it. And as Mark said we don’t really pay too much attention on the accounting.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got it
Mark Lyons: Just to add one thing there. I think there is one that [attends] your question. No, there was no underlying influx of paid claims, reported incurred claims, frequency or severity that would have caused this and cause to move that but no, there was nothing of that kind.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs:  Great, thank. And I guess, I mean if we were to isolate the cat reinsurance book, what impact would the pricing that we have seen have on the attrition loss ratio? And, all else equal, would you expect that the attritional loss ratio in that book, given pricing is now higher?
Dinos Iordanou:  Well, listen putting volume a side, because the recent reduction in volume, because it force us to buy more retro, we felt it was advantageous for us to buy retro. The cost of capital of some of our retro providers is lower than ours. So, essence, they allowed us to buy that and what we think on an expected basis, a good price. So putting aside volume, we also believe that based on our old calculations, the ROE projections, expectation on our cat book has gone down by 2 to 3 points. So, if we brought on a net basis, we had let’s say 15% to 16% ROE last year, this year it will be more like 12% to 13% ROE.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs:  Got it. So, just overall, I mean your book aside, I mean it’s probably why you are shrinking and then the expectation would be as if pricing continues to recede in property cat business, but margins should fall, attritional loss ratios should rise. That would be the logical outcome.
Dinos Iordanou:  Well, in the cat business is, it’s based upon you don’t have the event 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs:  Right. 
Dinos Iordanou:  It’s not going to show up. Let me remind you guys, we had very little exposure in Japan. We saw Japanese rates that were ridiculously low, we didn’t participate. Our P&L in Japan before the quake was $75 million and it was from international programs that we couldn’t even avoid, we didn’t have much of Japanese only quake, but that was extremely well when that event happen because at the end of the day even will look foolish for 10 years there is no quake there is no losses so any premium you wrote became profit. We were proven right 10 years later. So I have a lot of confidence in our cat teams. I think we have great analytical team there and great underwriting team and I don’t want, one area that I don’t put my two sense in and I usually I like two in a lot of areas in the cat area because I think those guys are better than me, I wish I can get as good as they are. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs:  Great, thanks. And then metrics on the MI book, risk to cap, maybe different from other carriers just given the way you run that business, a breakout of primary to risk-sharing and reinsurance that -- and then some demographic data on the profile of the book. Vintage, for example, would be helpful. And then, just last one on -- a numbers question. What were the startup costs in the quarter, just so we can try to think about what the business should run at, excluding those costs that hit the first quarter? Thanks.
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, I think it was roughly $2.6 million plus there was some unusual ones and you can see in our presentation and we have like other expense. I am sorry that was… you’re talking… well I am sorry, I am sorry, MI start up cost.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs:  VMI, yes sorry about that yes. 
Dinos Iordanou: Well what we have VMI start up cost and we have a sales force that came on board ahead of that transaction and we’ve been experiencing that. So and we have a lot of expenses in the first quarter from the sales force which had no corresponding revenue attributed to it, because don’t forget, we got two sales forces, one which is the existing business, which is (inaudible) employees working on our behalf that they distribute to the credit union channel and then our own sales force who is trying to penetrate the bank channel and other mortgage originators. And so all that and we can get you a number, I haven’t added it all up, but I’ll get Mark Lyons and then we’ll try to figure that number out, we haven’t…
Mark Lyons:  So one thing you need to understand about the totality of how is work is that there is a like a shared services agreement, that goes on that verify quarter on what services, what performed, so we had everybody on the old PMI onto our payrolls system now if there was offset associated with various classes of work, accounting work, IT work, claims handling work and so forth that is measured in those metrics is becoming what that percentage allocation is. So overtime there will be a shift, where it’s going to be more resident in Arch, right now, a lot of that is still pushed off as a credit, against it, but it really varies by quarter. So understandably it’s going to be little hard for you to see through that that’s a little (inaudible) but that’s the dominant driver of the OpEx from quarter-to-quarter.
Dinos Iordanou:  But the one area you can focus that eventually is, I think we got about 40 people in the sales force all that is going to be of course, I mean we are not going to share that because we are building right, we are building, we have the sales force, the sales force is our expense. We don’t -- we are expensing it, as we go with salaries and benefit et cetera and the revenue is going to come down the line. There is no early insignificant amount of revenue coming from the bank channel in the first quarter, it will be starting to show up in the second, third and fourth quarter I don’t know to what magnitude it depends how effective we are, but we want to build out those stage.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs:  Got it. Maybe a better way to ask it is, once you reach scale and once you kind of reach critical mass, where do you think the acquisition and/or operating expenses should run into? -- run to?
Mark Lyons:  Again it’s hard to ask, hard to answer, but it’s three years or more out, now for the entire segment now, it should be in the 20 area, that doesn’t mean every unit within the mortgage business run through that. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs:  I understand, okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith, Evercore. Please proceed.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners:  Hi, good afternoon.
Dinos Iordanou:  Hi, Vinay.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners:  Well, the first question, just wanted to clarify on the reinsurance operations. So about a 93 accident year ex-cat, that is the normalized -- I mean, that is the new norm, correct? Is that the way that we should think about that?
Dinos Iordanou:  No, that’s not the new norm. I said it might be 5 or 6 points up.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners:  So this quarter was 5 or 6 points higher than the normally you’re saying?
Dinos Iordanou:  Assuming no change, so I guess that you heard my comments, right. Assuming no change in the mix. If I right a lot of very long tail business, because I continue to find opportunities there and buying those contracts it might still be another quarter 92, 93. But if I go back to more of a traditional mix, you will probably be at least 5 or 6 points lower than that. And Mark just went through the evolution of this, it didn’t come overnight. In the past, we were below 80, there has been some deterioration to that, we will always reflect, because of additional costs exceeding commissions and then there is some deterioration to that, because of change of mix less short tail, as a percentage of the total that has low accident year loss ratio on an expected basis. So I would say mid-80s is more of a number. But let me caution everybody, it will depend on our mix.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: Sure. Okay. That’s helpful. The second question was on the MI business. I thought that -- I mean, you said that it would take about maybe two or three years to really gather steam and contribute to the bottom line. It seems that, even the new acquisition, that is actually having a small positive impact on the bottom line this quarter. Just curious as to whether you think that impact is going to increase even in the near term.
Dinos Iordanou:  Again, it will depend as we start getting more business, how do we do with this book, target transactions. So, it’s hard to predict right? But don’t forget, even though it’s positive, and it’s good news, I think it’s positive faster than we thought right? We didn’t expect to have a positive earnings, especially with front loaded expenses on this first quarter. The ROE associated with it is not yet acceptable to us, long-term it’s going to be much better. But a lot of the other indicators, we’re very, very pleased with, especially on the existing on the book that we have for credit union business. First quarter numbers was the delinquency rates are coming down and they are coming down significantly. And new delinquency rates in the quarter, they were down by 24.7%, that’s a significant number. The average cost per claim in one quarter was down by almost 20% from an average of 48,000 at year end to 38,000 at March end. So, there is a lot of positive, on the existing and this is I’m only talking about U.S. MI and I’m only talking about what we do with the credit union business.  So, there is a lot of positive indications, because that is an existing book, we have it, we own the old and we own the current and we’re going to own the future. So, those indications (inaudible). It is a good segment to be and with very acceptable profitability.
Mark Lyons: And [Vinay] I would suggest simply just think of it like this, the U.S. MI operations versus I’ll say everything else, reinsurance operations and everything else has comparably outstanding loss ratios. The primary business has the drag of expense that we just talked about because the (inaudible) where the reinsurance transactions being up.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: Right, right. Okay, that’s helpful. And the $6.7 million from the 100% quarter share from BMI so will that record every quarter or is that still one-time to you?
Dinos Iordanou: No, it’s quarter or year over quarter. That’s the business that’s really on the books and usual this business takes I don’t know 6, 7 years to run-off right. So this is business they wrote in right before they went into receive a shift that would be ‘09 to ‘11. So I mean it’s going to there is declining revenue coming overtime because some of the -- the mortgages are big air off of that is those are they achieved more than 78% loan to value and the mortgagee decides to interrupt insurance refi that they drop off otherwise sale when the mortgage gets satisfied, but usually a tail on these about 6, 7 years so it would go out until ‘16, ‘17 a take in tenants as the midpoint of this.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Dinos Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley:  So first on the investment side the duration is standing from 2.6 to 3.2 is that related to now that sort of you have longer duration liability basically on the reinsurance side?
Dinos Iordanou:  Yes, a little bit of that a combination also where we believe with at least our investment people believe where interest rates with a new Fed Chairman might or might not go. Duration for us usually gets conservative, we think that there is eminent rise of interest rates, we don’t see that yet, at least for the next year or so based on statements they made, so make that adjustment and also we always match duration of reserve liabilities with assets covering those.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley:  And so would we expect with the higher duration than at the higher like you mentioned yields?
Mark Lyons:  Could you ask that again?
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley:  We see longer duration of your investment book, is that the average…?
Mark Lyons:  See I don’t think it’s going to move the needle, we have got $14 plus billion of investible assets, a few 100 million won’t move the needle that much. So…
Dinos Iordanou:  And it’s also what’s the -- the U curve going to be quarter-over-quarter flattened out in the quarter just passed maybe a little more and different to where you were.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Okay, then second question on Watford Re, besides sort of your minority interest in the operations and what other economic benefits for Arch in term of receiving commission or the others?
Dinos Iordanou: It is what we put in our -- we get paid for that activity upfront as managers of reinsurance and then we have a performance suite that we get at the end on underwriting performance, (inaudible) program. So that’s the benefit that we get is an organization for that business that goes there.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: In terms of accounting where are those sort of booked in your income statement?
Mark Lyons: Yes, acquisition.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Okay, okay. Lastly it is on the capital management, now you have the MI and Watford Re behind you and the stock is trading 1.4 times booked probably a little bit past your threshold. And at the same time you still have access capital. So what is your prefer way to deploy that access capital and have you considered like a dividend?
Dinos Iordanou: Our preferred way is to deploy it in our business. And there is a few opportunities that we are still looking at. So that hasn’t changed. I haven’t given it a lot of floor that we are going to do a dividend or share repurchases because right now we are focused on the opportunities rather than, how to return capital to investors. And let’s say they are paying us to find the opportunities, and I am spending a lot of time and all of our people are looking at new opportunities and there is quite a few out there in the market.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Thank you so much for the answers.
Dinos Iordanou:  You quite welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Byrnes, Janney Capital. Please proceed.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: Great, thanks for taking my questions guys. Quickly on the Watford segment. How long should that take to get to scale, because again thinking from a reinsurance standpoint, you think it should be able to get an underwriting premium dollars in a fairly quick manner?
Dinos Iordanou:  I would say maybe three years or so. It’s going to take at least two maybe three is to get the scale. I mean it depends on a lot of things market conditions et cetera what the opportunities. But we don’t force things, we’re going to go. Our obligation to them is to be prudent underwriting managers, that’s what we got higher to be use that techniques that we have been using for Arch and look for the opportunities for them. And if it take two years, fine; if it takes three years, it’s fine. And as Highbridge is going to focus on the investment returns, so I think they have the same approach, they have a long-term approach.
Mark Lyons:  Remember, this year is already just a nine month here.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: I’m sorry, just because that it was closed in…
Dinos Iordanou:  (Inaudible).
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: Yes, sure. Thanks very much. And then this is my last question on the increased retro purchases for the procat book. It clearly had looks like it had an impact on your one and two 50 PMLs. But just wanted to see where in the risk curve, you’re trying to, you’re seeking this efficiency, it certainly seems like, is there 1 to 2, 50 levels. But you want to see how far lower that dose?
Dinos Iordanou:  Well, I’ll give you the 40,000 foot view to this, because it’s a little more complicated than that. But we try to maintain the customer relationships that we have. There is more tendency, because capacity is plentiful and available for a lot of the buyers who want you to play across the placement. So, they don’t want you to pick and chose layers et cetera. As usually, we don’t like to be down on the frequency area, we believe that this is a high rate on line areas that also have a lot more exposure from a frequency expectation. So that’s where we buy most of our overall retro. So, on the front end of the curve, we buy more retro. We don’t like to be at the tail end of the curve. So even on a direct basis, we don’t bring in that business, we’d not pay to put a lot of PMLs or a lot of capacity on 2% or 3% rate on line business. We try to avoid that. Yes. So that’s a general principle of our thought process. And with that, that’s where cat teams go and buy the retro sessions.
Ryan Byrnes - Janney Capital: Okay, great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields, KBW. Please proceed.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette: Hi, everyone, thanks for sticking around for the late questions. Two quick one if I can. One, when we look at the other segment, I guess I would have expected the income available to Arch to be about 11% of total but coming a little bit less, I am wondering what I am missing here.
Mark Lyons: Well it’s not exactly 11%, it’s within spitting distance of 11%. So I am not sure exactly what you’re looking at because it’s there.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette: I guess what I am thinking and maybe this is [recounting] of it, but since you’ve got 11% annual collecting fees, the net impact should translate into higher percentage?
Mark Lyons: Right. And part of it is geography because this is Watford Re, the fees that we earned don’t go to Watford Re, they go to Arch.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette: Okay, got it. That makes sense.
Dinos Iordanou: So it’s going to be in our numbers, right?
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette: Right. But maybe in the other segment showing above?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, the other segment is only going to be the investment and that will be pari passu with any other investor in Watford Re. Fees and/or profit commission because of our performances, underwriting managers or Highbridge, investor managers and all that is not going to be on this line.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette: Okay. That’s in the acquisition…
Mark Lyons: So, we did set the price, because you’re looking at the 100% numbers and you’ve got the niche line of account at a 100% and then there is one line that’s amalgamation of all the impact that 89% subtraction. So, we don’t make the rules, we got to follow them.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette: Yes, absolutely understood. With regard to, just a follow-up on (inaudible) question before, I understand that the flatter yield curve limits the benefits of the increasing duration, but then why increase duration in the quarter?
Dinos Iordanou: It’s for our belief as to where the yield curve is and is going. We didn’t -- we elongated by almost half year in duration. Our approach to duration is that we match liabilities on the reserves, this way we don’t take any risk there. When we borrow funds, right, we try to have the cost of those funds on the spread. So in that sense (inaudible) borrowing 500 million that pushes us to increase duration a bit and then we use the shareholders capital to very duration up and down depending on how we view where the prospects and where the yield curve going to go. That’s the combination of all three principles in one. And like I said before, that’s what pushed us, our investment people to move duration to the level that we have.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette:  Okay. Thank you very much.
Dinos Iordanou:  You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. I guess a question on Watford. the premiums that you seeded Watford, is that basically a mirror image of your whole book, or were they around the particular lines that were seeded?
Dinos Iordanou:  No, it’s -- to simplify, it was a few transaction, some of it mirrors what we have, some of it doesn’t, but don’t forget Watford was in business. And some of it -- think of it as at least for the first quarter we [warehouse] something that they might have written direct themselves. And then we seeded it back to them, we are the underwriting managers so we said this will take Watford, we didn’t want to lose time and wait for them until they were in business, so we might have bound a piece of business put it on Arch and then we see it to them, when they were up and running.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That’s helpful and then….
Dinos Iordanou:  You are not going to see a 100% sessions from Arch to Watford in future quarters, what you are going to see is, it’s going to be some sessions from Arch because we still receiving to a lot of reinsurance Watford being one of them, and also you want to see a lot of deals that Watford will write direct. And also…
Mark Lyons:  Back to the whole underlying theory area it, although this property cat that maybe there as a piece of the overall portfolio and all likely there is always going to be a lesser percentage then what Arch would have and they are for a longer duration on the liability stream of Watford versus the average of Arch.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  And in the casualty business, you will see -- or I should say, they will write at the end of the day, do you think that will be a lot different than the casualty business that you have or -- they seem to have some similarities to it.  
Dinos Iordanou:  They are going to have, it’s the same underwriting standards right, we view their advantage is I think we can assume a bit of higher investment year, and so that will always and I don’t know transaction-by-transaction, but it might push you to maybe little longer duration in liabilities type of business because that’s where their advantage becomes greater, but only time will tell as we see the transactions either for us and the Watford come in and then our underwriting people apply our standards to come up to expected ROE and see where it fit.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Yeah, that makes sense. Thanks a lot.
Dinos Iordanou:  You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Please proceed.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Thanks. Two questions here for you. First, in the mortgage insurance operations, where do you guys stand in getting on the platforms of large national banks?
Dinos Iordanou:  We’ve got 13 already out of the top 40.
Brian Meredith - UBS: But what about the big three a lot that comes from?
Dinos Iordanou:  Well, we’re selling the process, I don’t know exactly where we are and I don’t know with the top three in your mind are. But we’re not going to comment on specific relationships that we have. But believe me, our goal is to be in all top 40 all the time and we’re working hard to get approval from all over.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay. Great. And I guess my second question for you, Dinos, is I am just curious -- so increasing in casualty reinsurance business, although you listed the people in the market and they are talking about higher ceding commissions and a lot of capacity there, I am just trying to understand why is all of a sudden the casualty reinsurance business that much more attractive? Is it because interest rates are up, call it, 100 basis points.
Dinos Iordanou:  No, listen you got to look at it transaction-by-transaction, there is always displacement in places. Four years ago, five years ago, it was the more mortal XoL in France because everybody was with growing et cetera. So, we look at these opportunities, we don’t like to talk much about it, as to where, because if I found a little vein, with a little bowl in it and I’m digging into it to, I don’t want every competitor to know what it is and then they go and they mess up the market.  So, you guys trust, we got the underwriting skills to do that or you don’t. And I trust our people and when they find the opportunities and we look at economics, if it fits we do it. And we don’t really but as Mark said, we don’t really care that much about the calendar year accounting issues, because you can’t make a decision to buy your reinsurance underwriter on calendar year numbers.  You got to understand policy year and you got to understand that their underwriting your performance and do you trust that, they will do a job in making those determinations.
Mark. Lyons:  Hey, Brian, I think you should think of it as a collection of well sought out transactions, rather than sector bets.
Dinos Iordanou:  Well said Mark. You see, you’re much smarter than I am. 
Brian Meredith - UBS: Thanks. 
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman, BAM. Please proceed.
Ian Gutterman - BAM:  Hi, good afternoon. 
Dinos Iordanou:  Hey, Ian you are between me and my (inaudible) sandwich 
Ian Gutterman - BAM:  I know it’s getting cold. So, you know, I am not as smart as Mark either, so I am still confused on the reinsurance. I guess I don’t understand why it should be so variable quarter to quarter. If we are looking at written ratios, I can get that. But the earned should be a reflection of what you have written over the last year or so. And I would think that is reasonably baked in for the next couple of quarters of what this mix change is, given casualties have been growing a lot the past few quarters and cat has been shrinking, I particular want to know for the next couple of quarters what it should be so why it might be supposed locked Q2 versus Q1?
Dinos Iordanou: Well don’t forget you had Q1 versus Q1 of a year ago as Mark said that thing was inching up alone as we worked those transactions, and some of these transactions we wrote in the third and fourth quarter so they’re inching up if the earnings are coming through. So your statement is absolutely correct, but also you’ve got to go back and see the sequential movement that we have done. The only change to that is what we’ve done in the first quarter and mostly in our European business which was not as part of what it was coming from the third and fourth quarter last year. And don’t forget if you go and look at our statements and what we have reported we talked about some of these transactions, they had a higher combined ratio on an expected basis, but very good return characteristics over time.
Ian Gutterman - BAM: Okay. So if the written patterns stay consistent with the last few quarters, then if I am understanding right, we will see the exit years increased year-over-year but not as much as the first quarter but sequentially be reasonably similar to this quarter and did the rest of it comes through from higher investment income because you’re going to longer tail is that fair?
Mark Lyons:  That’s correct.
Dinos Iordanou: And you might reverse itself and go the other way depending if those transactions get renew or not as when you get to the expiration.
Mark Lyons: I think one thing we probably do and that is we try to take maximum awareness of what the market gives us and it changes from quarter-to-quarter, what it allows and what it gives us.
Ian Gutterman - BAM: No, I agree to that, I get that underwritten I just want to make sure what’s the most (inaudible) thing they earned.
Dinos Iordanou: No, no, no you are absolutely, you are right on to it, but that’s why the comparison year-over-year sometimes Scott will be supplemented by also the sequential change quarter-over-quarter.
Ian Gutterman - BAM:  Exactly, got it.
Dinos Iordanou:  Quarter-after-quarter, right.
Ian Gutterman - BAM:  Got it and then on the mortgage insurance business, I guess two questions there. One from just the publicly available rate filings everyone has, it looks like you guys are priced lower than the market, a is that accurate and b, sort of what’s the thought behind that, does that just need your way to get to established or something else?
Dinos Iordanou:  The statement you made is incorrect.
Ian Gutterman - BAM:  Okay.
Dinos Iordanou:  I have the table with our competitors and we are right on, there is not even a (inaudible) out of a table that is, it has one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, 16 cells, right. We are slightly lower in only one and not with all, right. And in everything else, I think we’re right in line with everybody else.
Ian Gutterman - BAM:  Got it. I’ve to take another look at that. I am still learning this stuff.
Dinos Iordanou:  It’s, I have Arch compared to (inaudible) General, SN and NMI. And we have the grade, I mean the grade I was recurring to is the right cohort and when you look at the right cohort there is one, only one cell that we slightly cheap, every of the cell is exactly the same as everybody else.
Ian Gutterman - BAM: Got it, Okay.
Mark Lyons: Supplier pay cell as opposed to the lender pace.
Dinos Iordanou: Right.
Ian Gutterman - BAM: Okay, got it, and then just my last one, the stackers that you have written through, how does that show up, was that it was not in the commentary of the premium dues, that was in the premium this quarter does that show up somewhere else because it’s derivatives for or how does that work?
Mark Lyons: Ian it doesn’t, we have gained it because of the way the loss side works. The loss severity is referential to the tables, has nothing to do within those characteristics of declined itself. So we viewed it as the derivative. So you are not going to see it anywhere in premium. Instead it’s closer to market-to-market impact each quarter and it finds itself into, okay, yes, it’s an acquisition expense.
Ian Gutterman - BAM: Okay, so where do we see that, so is that kind of an operating income, I am just trying to figure out how to think about where that will show up in my model base with an operating income line or is it just..?
Mark Lyons: It’s an acquisitions stand, so it’s in underwriting. 
Dinos Iordanou: It will affect the underwriting combined ratio but it’s in the acquisitions of expense.
Ian Gutterman - BAM: Okay, okay. But it is in that mortgage insurance…..go ahead.
Dinos Iordanou: It is a derivative. So at the end of the day it’s going to be income, you know.
Ian Gutterman - BAM: Got it, okay. And is that because of the derivatives, might be volatile based on what’s going on with industry as such or is that reasonably [compatible]?
Dinos Iordanou: No, it’s a derivative because if you look at these transactions a portion of the static transactions is done the cash market, that sold as bonds, right and those trades on a daily basis and then you’ve got a market to that. So depends what that happens right, how those bonds will trade, it will tell you, you can write a (inaudible) transaction that over the long period of time we’ll give you positive returns, but maybe in the first or second or third quarter depending where the cash transaction trades, you might take a loss in the first year.
Ian Gutterman - BAM: I’m sorry, terrific. Okay, got it. Okay so as that becomes material on this call that out of if you have any of that one?
Dinos Iordanou:  Right. We expect that to be positive, we expect it to be. But and don’t forget it is going to come over six or seven years, so you (inaudible).
Ian Gutterman - BAM: Got it. Okay, thank you enjoy your lunch.
Dinos Iordanou: You want to pay for it.
Ian Gutterman - BAM: We’ll see maybe next time.
Dinos Iordanou:  Okay. Thanks Ian.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I will now turn the call over to. Mr. Iordanou and Mr. Lyons for closing remarks.
Dinos Iordanou: All right. Thanks Glen. Thank you, everybody for attending, we are looking forward to speaking to you on our next quarter. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great weekend.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance & Investment Committee and President of Arch Capital Group (US) Inc Mark D. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Crystal Lu Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC Mark A. Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2013 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dominique, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assumptions and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historic facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Please proceed.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thanks, Dominique. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We had an excellent fourth quarter, which capped off a very good year. And also, we were very pleased that 2 weeks ago, we finally closed on the CMG and PMI transactions. I will comment further on these acquisitions shortly, but first, let me share a few observations on our fourth quarter. Earnings were solid and were driven by excellent reported underwriting results. On a consolidated basis, our premium revenue grew by approximately 17% on a gross written basis and 22% on a net written basis. Although there were a few noteworthy items that I will get to in a few minutes. On an operating basis, we earned $1.12 per share for the quarter, which produced an annualized return of equity of 11.7% for the fourth quarter. For the entire year, operating income was $4.39 per share, which also represented an 11.7% return on equity. On a net income basis, Arch earned $5.07 per share, which corresponds to a 13.5% return on equity, which is excellent in a year where investment returns on our fixed income assets were challenged. Our reported underwriting results in the fourth quarter were excellent as reflected by a combined ratio of 85.3% and were aided by better-than-expected performance on catastrophe business, favorable loss reserve development and improved accident year performance in our Insurance Group operations, primarily due to rate increases that we have seen over the last 8 quarters and we are earning now. The underwriting returns for the entire year were also excellent at 85.9% combined ratio. Net investment income per share on a sequential basis was flat for the quarter at $0.49 per share. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $224 million, a $34 million increase from the same period a year ago. The total return of the investment portfolio was 97 basis points for the quarter and 128 basis points for the full year 2013, inclusive of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Our book value per common share at December 31, 2013 rose to $39.82, increasing by 3.9% sequentially and 10% relative to December 31, 2013. In the primary markets, which our insurance operations participate, we continue to obtain rate increases above loss trend. Although, I have to say, in the fourth quarter, they moderated somewhat relative to the third quarter. In our U.S. insurance operations, we achieved rate increases in the quarter that provides 80 basis points of expected margin improvements, which was approximately half of what we experienced in 2013 third quarter. Our U.S. insurance operations represent approximately 80% of our premium volume in that sector. We continue to see our best opportunities in some sectors of the E&S market, and in our binding authority and program business, which are predominantly small accounts. In these areas, we have seen steady improvement in pricing and a steady gain in exposure units, which contributed to our solid growth in the fourth quarter in the Insurance Group. On the reinsurance side of the business, we have seen a continuation of softening in terms and conditions that we noted in prior quarters. First, the property cat area is under pressure, primarily due to the alternative capacity that has entered the market. For January 1 business, we experienced approximately a 15% reduction in rates on a gross basis. Also, as we reported on last quarter's call, cedents are aggressively requesting additional ceding commissions on quota share contracts and reinsurance buyers continue to shift business to excess of loss treaties, in combination with request for further rate reductions. These conditions create an environment of increased risk to reinsurance for potential negative arbitrage. Since we're both an insurance and reinsurance enterprise, should we experience some pain in our reinsurance segment, we stand to benefit from the improvement in terms on our insurance operations, there we're significant buyer of reinsurance. From a production point of view, net written premiums in the reinsurance segment grew by 36%. The increase in the reinsurance segment stems primarily from two 2 significant treaties, including a large and premium transfer, along with premium growth in the mortgage space, which, in this quarter, is included in the reinsurance segment results. The insurance segment grew premium by 11.5% on a gross written basis and 14% on a net written basis. Growth in the U.S. operations offset a strategic reduction in professional indemnity contracts in our international operations. Most of the business we write in national accounts and the construction segment are on a loss-deductible loss-sensitive basis. The guarantee cost large account capacity market continues to be unattractive to us. Groupwide, on an expected basis, we continue to believe the ROE on the business we underwrote this year will produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 11% to 13%, with a slight improvement in the Insurance Group results, offset by a slight deterioration in the reinsurance group due to lower cat rates. As I indicated in my opening remarks, we're very pleased that we have entered the U.S. mortgage insurance market through the purchase of CMG and PMI. As you may know, CMG has been in the business of providing mortgage insurance on a continuous basis since 1994 with approximately $100 million of annual premium volume, catering exclusively to the credit union marketplace. The access to these marketplace is done through CUNA Mutual employees, who under a 7-year service agreement with us, will continue to mortgage insurance products to these clients on our behalf. Our objective is to expand our penetration in this sector, and we believe that this operation will benefit from the financial strength of Arch, which should further enhance our ability to better serve these clients. As to the lenders channels previously serviced by the PMI operations, we have nearly concluded the build-out of our national sales management infrastructure with 75% of our national sales managers already on staff and working hard. This team will focus their sales and activity on the top 40 mortgage originators and will complement our regional and area sales management teams that would cater to regional and smaller banks. This hiring activity took place over the past couple of quarters and was an advanced investment by us in important personnel. These proactive steps should enable us to accelerate our sales activity by at least one quarter. Of course, some of the costs related to these actions were already reflected in our 2013 operating results. Beginning with the 2014 first quarter, we will be reporting the mortgage segment as a third business segment and for prior-year comparisons, we will also give you the quarterly performance of our mortgage activities going back to 2013. Before I turn it over to Mark, I would like to also discuss our PMLs. As usual, I would like to point out that our cat PML aggregates reflect business bound through January 1, while the premium numbers included in our financial statements are through December 31 and, that the PMLs are reflected net of all reinsurance and retro sessions. As of January 1, 2014, our largest 250-year PML for a single event decreased slightly to $801 million in the Northeast, representing approximately 15% of common equity shareholders, while the Gulf PMLs also decreased to $670 million and our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $566 million. With that, I will turn it over to Mark, to comment further on our financial results. And then after Mark, we will entertain your questions. Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Great. Thank you, Dinos, and good morning, everyone. I have a bit of a cold, so hopefully, you guys, will bear with me. The consolidated combined ratio for this quarter was 85.3%, with 2 points of current accident year cat-related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2012 fourth quarter combined ratio of 112.4%, which reflected 25.8 points of cat-related events. Cat losses occurring in the 2013 fourth quarter represented $16.8 million net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums, mostly due to the Illinois tornado and other smaller events. The 2013 fourth quarter consolidated combined ratio also reflected 7.9 points of prior year net favorable development, compared to 7 points of prior period favorable development in the 2012 fourth quarter. Over 90% of this net favorable development in the quarter was from the reinsurance segment, with approximately 60% of that due to net favorable development on longer-tailed lines spread relatively evenly over many underwriting years, but particularly in the 2003 to 2007 underwriting years. The remaining 40% of the reinsurance segment's net favorable development was attributable to shorter-tailed lines associated with the more recent underwriting years. The remaining aggregate 10% of favorable development in the quarter was emanated from the insurance segment and was mainly driven by shorter-tailed lines, predominantly from the more recent accident years. Similar to prior periods, approximately 69% of our total net reserves were losses and loss adjustment expense of $7.1 billion are IBNR or additional case reserves, which is a fairly consistent ratio across both the reinsurance and insurance segments over time. The insurance segment accounts for 63% of the total loss and LAE reserves as of year end 2013. Therefore, reflecting those, the current accident year -- accident quarter consolidated combined ratio excluding cats for the fourth quarter was 91.2% compared to 93.6% in the fourth quarter of 2012. On a year-to-date consolidated basis, the 2013 calendar year produced the 85.9% combined ratio on a reported basis, compared to 95.4% for 2012, resulting in a $309 million improvement in underwriting income, and primarily reflecting the lower level of catastrophic activity compared to 2012. The 2013 full year expense ratio increased by 50 basis points, which is driven by a 60-bp increase in the acquisition expense ratio, offset by a 10-point improvement in the operating expense ratio, relative to full calendar year 2012. The 2012 year, as you may recall, already had its operating expense ratio improved by 50 basis points over the prior year 2011. The full accident year 2013 combined ratio, excluding cats, was 91.3% compared to the accident year 2012's full year combined ratio, excluding cats of 94%, which represents a 270-basis-point improvement. Overall, on a consolidated basis, the full 2013 year saw $327 million of gross written premium growth or 8.5% and roughly $300 million or almost 10% on a net basis. The insurance segment grew net written premiums by nearly 7% and the reinsurance segment by 14% for the full year of 2013. Also, on a consolidated basis, the ratio of net premium to gross premium in the 2013 fourth quarter was 78.4%, compared to 75.3% a year ago. In the reinsurance segment, the net-to-gross ratio was 96.2% in the quarter compared to 92.3% a year ago, primarily due to change in mix of business on a written basis. The insurance segment has 69.2% net-to-gross ratio, compared to 67.7% a year ago, predominantly as a result of that ongoing strategy to grow lesser volatile, smaller account businesses and reduce our exposure in the higher severity businesses. In the reinsurance segment, the 2013 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 84.0% compared to 83.9% in the corresponding quarter a year ago. The reinsurance segment's result this quarter reflects changes in the mix of business on a net-written basis, with a higher contribution from casualty and other specialty at a lower relative contribution from property cat marine and aviation than the fourth quarter of 2012. The casualty growth primarily reflects one large professional lines treaty, which Dinos has mentioned, which included an underwritten premium transfer, that is reflected as a onetime written premium increase in addition to ongoing subject new and rental business. The full 12-month accident year combined ratio, excluding cats for the reinsurance segment, was 82.2%, compared to 83.3% for the full 2012 accident year, which represents 110-basis-point improvement. In the insurance segment, the 2013 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 96.4%, compared to 100.4% a year ago. The fourth quarter of 2013 showed a 60-bp reduction in the expense ratio with the acquisition expense ratio increasing by 50 bps, which was more than offset by 110-basis-point reduction in the operating expense ratio. The full 12-month 2013 accident year combined ratio, excluding cats for the insurance segment, was 97.4% compared to 107 -- 100.7% combined ratio for the full 2012 accident year, a 330-basis-point improvement. As a respect to pricing levels, the U.S. insurance operations achieved a 3.8% weighted average effective rate increase on a gross-written basis for the fourth quarter, which produced an additional margin expansion of 80 basis points over the fourth quarter of 2012. These figures represent the excess of written effective rate increases over estimated loss trends and provide continuing evidence of additional margin expansion, although the degree of expansion is shrinking. Margin expansion continued in our program: casualty, excess workers' compensation and A&H businesses, while contracting marginally in health care surety and some executive assurance units. It's important to note that these are gross effective rate changes. And with the recent softening in the reinsurance marketplace, the net economics have improved more so than the gross economics in various areas. As one example, the U.S. Insurance Group, CNS property division, which was able to secure significant improvements in their cat treaty had a minus 1.5% effective rate decrease for the fourth quarter on a gross basis. But after reflecting the impacts of the improved cat treaty, the net estimated rate change was plus 6% or 650-basis-point swing to the good. Just one division net impact was enough to increase the U.S. -- the total aggregate effective rate change by 30 basis points from 3.8% to 4.1% and provides a better measure of true underlying margin expansion of roughly 110 basis points. Specialty casualty, workers comp and national account businesses have now experienced 11 consecutive quarters of rate increases, whereas, our executive insurance middle market and alternative asset protection books, along with our retail construction division, have each experienced 10 consecutive quarters of increases. Furthermore, the excess work comp unit has now enjoyed 9 consecutive quarters of rate increases. Reported net investment income in 2013 fourth quarter was $0.49 per share, substantially unchanged from the 2013 third quarter, but less than the $0.53 per share in the corresponding quarter of 2012. The difference from the fourth quarter of 2012 is attributable to a reduction of investment income from fixed income securities and an increase in investment expenses on a year-over-year basis. However, this quarter's investment expense are consistent with the first 9 months of 2013. Our embedded pretax book yield before expenses was 2.38% as of December 31, 2013, compared to 2.41% at September 30. The duration of the portfolio shortened slightly this quarter to 2.62 years from 2.83 years as of September 30. As Dinos has mentioned, the total return on the portfolio was 97 bps in the 2013 fourth quarter, with equities in a high-yield corporate bonds augmenting the returns on our core investment-grade fixed-income portfolio. Excluding foreign exchange, total return was 85 basis points in the quarter. The full year 2013 total return on the portfolio was 1.28% including the effects of foreign exchange, compared to 5.88% for the full 2012 year. Excluding foreign exchange, the full 2012 year total return was 1.13%, compared to 5.59% for the full 2012 year. Our effective tax rate on pretax and operating income for the fourth quarter of 2013 was an expense of 8.3% and the full year 2013 was an expense of 4.8%, versus a benefit of 3.8% for the full year 2012. As always, fluctuation in the effective tax rate can result from variability in the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. The increase in the 4 quarters tax rate on a pretax operating income was predominantly driven by a valuation allowance, that was established against our Canadian operations deferred tax asset. This valuation allowance stems from operating losses coincident with structural change effective 1/1/2013 that altered our Canadian operation for being a branch of a U.S. entity to a full Canadian domestic company. Our total capital was $6.55 billion at the end of the 2013 fourth quarter, compared to $5.84 billion at the end of the 2013 third quarter, and $5.77 billion at year end 2012. This represents a $704 million increase in capital from the third quarter end and a $979 million increase in capital relative to year end 2012. This full year 2013 increase in capital is primarily driven by $688 million of net income available to common shareholders, partially offset by approximately $209 million of unrealized losses, share repurchases and foreign translation adjustments, along with the $500 million of senior notes we issued this quarter. This new debt has a 30-year tenure with a fixed rate 5.144% coupon and was issued at par. This coupon represents 130-basis-point spread over the referenced 30-year treasury, in effect on the date of execution, which was December 30, 2013. These notes were issued by Arch Capital Group (U.S.) Inc. and are unconditionally guaranteed by the company. The proceeds were used to fund the acquisition of the CMG and PMI mortgage insurance operations discussed already by Dinos and also available for other general corporate purposes. As a result, our capital structure at year end 2013 is comprised of 13.7% debt, to 5% preferred and 81.3% common equity. At the end of 2013, we continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted capital position. As Dinos has also mentioned, book value per share increased nearly 4% in the fourth quarter to $39.82, and up 10% from year end 2012 book value of $36.19, again, driven by the company's continued strong underwriting results. So with these introductory comments, we're now pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar of Macquarie Capital.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Just a few follow-up on the MI piece, because, I guess, that's the most exciting piece right now. First of all, would you help us in terms of framing out what you believe the market opportunity is in terms of how you are thinking about the total mortgage originations and what share would private MIs have of that?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, you have multiple part question, but it's -- I'll try to frame it in broad terms, and then maybe Mark can get more specific to it. But first and foremost, the CMG has no change in the marketplace. CMG has been operating since 1994, so in essence, us acquiring that entity will transfer that $100 million-or-so of volume over to us. While PMI has stopped underwriting as of '11, and therefore, all that production will be new to us. Now to size the market, there is only 7, 8 competitors in the market and the FHA, the FHA, who roughly has about half the market today, is continuing to depopulate that as more and more private capital is assuming the risks. So we believe there is quite a bit of room in us expanding in that area. And the third point I will make, also both Fannie and Freddie through the stacker and Connecticut Avenue Security transactions, they are putting more of the credit risk to the private markets, especially for mortgages that fall below the -- have a higher than 20% down payment that did not require by law to purchase direct mortgage insurance. But in protecting their books, Fannie and Freddie purchased that on a book basis. So I don't know how best to describe the market to you, but we believe is a good opportunity and a strongly capitalized company like Arch Mortgage will be a welcome addition to the marketplace with enough room for us to grow.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. I don't know if Mark has anything to add to that?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, not too much. I mean, as you know, we just split this thing by channel, how we look at it, the credit union space, we would have, now that the acquisitions is closed, a 45% market share perhaps that could go a little North. We'd like to protect that, perhaps, marginally increase it over to short term. And over the longer term, on the lender bank channel, we certainly hope to get to a double-digit market share 3 years down the line or so.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. And the lender channel is through PMI, right?
Constantine P. Iordanou: That's correct. Well, the old PMI. There's no PMI, it will be a...
Mark D. Lyons: CMG paper.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. Because I'm looking at some statistics and it shows CMG at least is having currently a 3% market share, but that's on a traditional private MI business.
Mark D. Lyons: That's right, that's 3% of the total. Well, I was quoting of the channel itself, 45% of the credit union channel.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: How much would that equate to -- in terms of the overall market? What would the 3% look like?
Mark D. Lyons: That's what...
Constantine P. Iordanou: That's what -- that's the inverse of what you just said.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. Sorry, go ahead.
Mark D. Lyons: The 45% of the broker -- sorry, of the credit union channel is 3%, 3.5% of the aggregate channel.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. I guess, the only other question I have is, and I'll stop is, [indiscernible] in the past, you talked about sort of a mid teens return on this, has that thought process changed, and what would be sort of, I don't know if capital charge is the right word, how should we think about capital versus MI versus capital deployment and other avenues?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, our prospect of ROE have not changed. We still believe that is high mid-teen ROE type of business. On -- value of risk of capital is about 18 to 1. Probably, over time, that will get further down, depending what the regulators will do to probably 15 to 1. But for the time being, it's 18 to 1. And we do like that business. Of course, it will take some time for us to get to steady-state, probably 3 years, as Mark said. And then the real accretion to our ROE will start happening at that point in time.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. And 3 years accounting, until 2016 is the first year, right?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, mid-2014 is kind of the first year. Because the sales force is just about now, we won't be writing a lot on the old PMI platform until probably third quarter of this year. It takes time to get the bulk policies in place and then you start receiving the flow from the originators. In the small banks and regional business, a little faster. On the national mortgage originators, a little longer because they have to go through the vendor management routines and it takes a bit of time. We tried to accelerate that in anticipation of the close and we had people working on it in the fourth quarter, and of course, in this first quarter. But our success is mostly now with the smaller and regional banks because the process is a little easier and we gravitating to the large originators.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb of Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just want to touch base on the 11% to 13% accident year return on equity target. With primary commercial rates peaking and reinsurance rates softening, what do you feel to be able to continue to drive that over time?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Jay, it will depend what happens going forward. Don't forget, if everything remains steady, let's say, we just -- we barely -- if we say, the rate increases we achieve in the future, they're only good enough to cover loss core strength, then your ROE will -- unless you allow your capital to build up excessively, it will be -- it will remain constant in that range, right? So we haven't seen that change. As a matter of fact, even though rates have -- rate increases have moderated a bit, it's still above loss cost trend, not by as much as 150 or 170 basis points we saw maybe 2 quarters ago, but 80 basis points as we saw in the fourth quarter. So it will depend on that. But right now, we're very confident about the business we write it will generate that kind of return on equity.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If market conditions were to deteriorate worse than expected next year, can you talk about Arch's ability to pull back on volume?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, before you go there, your question along as some of Dinos' answer. Remember, we're quoting you this margin expansion numbers on a written basis, so a lot of it is baked into 2014 already, because of what was done in the 4 quarters of 2013. So even if you have the assumption of 2014 being a 0 margin expansion, you can pretty much figure out the -- borrowing unusual cat, things of that nature. You could arithmetically write pretty much get to a strong insurance result.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, the earned premium comes later on than the written premium. So the '14 is baked, if you have a change, it will affect '15 and beyond. But I can't predict the future if it's going to have a change. The math is pretty easy, depends how many, if you're gaining margin expansion or you're losing it. Our ability, which is your second question, to navigate through these markets, all you got to do is look our history. Even in today's market that predominantly we like on the Insurance Group, we have -- in our European operations, we have reduced significant volumes in the professional indemnity space because we just don't like the -- what's happening in that particular -- too much competition, too many players and we're not getting rate increases above trend. So in essence, that will deteriorate and we don't like to be playing in spaces that economics get worse.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right, okay. And then can you just update us on your thoughts around share buyback, given the growth opportunities in areas like mortgage insurance? You said in the past that you shouldn't look for much noise in your buybacks. Just wanted to confirm that, that was still your current thinking.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, our current thinking hasn't changed. We will maintain a bit of excess capital as cushioned, that's always been our philosophy. And we continue to look for opportunities to deploy capital in our business. But absent of good opportunities, we probably will go back to share buybacks if we are accumulating excess capital at a faster pace than we need to have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski of Crédit Suisse.
Crystal Lu: This is Crystal in for Mike today. My first question is, can you elaborate on the Watford Re fund? If you can't comment on the potential size of the fund and the impact to the financials, perhaps you can discuss the strategy, which appears to be casualty line focused, whereas most third-party funds in the marketplace are property focused.
Constantine P. Iordanou: You have a nicer voice than Michael, you tell him that. But what we have announced in January is we have agreed in principle to act as the reinsurance manager, reinsurance underwriter for Watford Re, which is going to be a new multi-line Bermuda reinsurer fully rated. And Highbridge Principal Strategies will act as the investment manager of the Watford Re. The venture is not yet finalized so we're limited as to what we can say about it. But they're in the middle of capital raising so we can't comment on that. On the conceptual thing, think of this as a kind of a semi-virtual company, it will have its own management, a CEO, a CFO, a Chief Risk Officer, underwriters to do underwriting, reviews per se on our activities. And then the bulk of the underwriting activity, it will be done by the Arch employees and the Arch underwriting system, and the investment operations will be done by Highbridge Principal Strategies. And both of us, Highbridge and Arch is bound contractually for a long time to provide those kind of services. So that's the principal concept of the facility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe, Dinos, maybe -- you talk about how much capital right now is at the -- is in the MI?
Constantine P. Iordanou: In the MI space?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, no, no. That you have pushed down into CMG in order to write business?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we haven't -- CMG is capitalized. We just bought the entity. Our financial strength will, as a matter of fact, they're under review by the rating agencies to -- they were on a -- they're a triple minus with positive outlook, BBB- with a positive outlook based on waiting for the closing of the transaction. So we expect a significant bounce on the credit rating of that facility, but we're going to be adding capital to it to maintain adequate capital ratios. And depending on their production, we will continue maintaining adequate capital. Mark, you want to...
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. To the extent that if your real question, Michael, is emanating from consideration at closing, which is a little different than ongoing capital base.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, no, no. I guess, my question is like, as we're thinking about the earnings power here, how should we think about insurance in force, how should we think about whether or not you feel like you need to contribute capital related to potential changes to the GSE standards or anything of the like. I'm just trying to figure out how much is in there, how much business do you think you're going to write so we can start to think about what sort of ROEs this business is going to be able to generate, and when?
Mark D. Lyons: I understand that, the underlying premise in your question, but we don't know to what extent we're going to be penetrating that lender market. As Dinos said, that's not going to get any traction until the mid year and then get the monthly streams behind it. But it's clear that we're going to be -- whatever the capital standards are that come out. As Dinos said, it's approximately 18:1 now and gets stiffened over time, that's what we're going to need to do. But that will be a function of the actual rate on which we put on these exposures, so...
Constantine P. Iordanou: And you've got to understand, Michael, that based in our agreements with Fannie and Freddie, at the beginning, we'll probably a bit over capitalized because we have contributed in our MI operations approximately $350 million to $400 million. That doesn't limit what we do in the U.S. Also, this is part of the things that we do overseas. You're going to get a lot more clarity on this on the first quarter when we're going to start reporting the segments individually, and then you can build your models after that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, so -- I mean would it be possible to get like insurance in force, just the kind of ballpark at this point or you want it in both?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, right now, I think the risk of capital ratio is closer to 10:1. So it's not going to -- this is what it looks like now to us, and that will start going up as we produce more business. But it will take probably a couple of years, maybe 3 years, before we get to the point that we have enough production and then we need to add additional capital in order to support the profit capital ratio.
Mark D. Lyons: And one way to think about that, in rough terms, in round numbers, because -- now that it's closed, CMG has roughly $5 billion of risk in force. So if you use the 18:1 that Dinos just talked about, that translates to about $280 million -- $275 million of implied capital needs. That's arithmetically as opposed to GSE requirements. But that assumes that 100% of it is kept onshore as well, which likely is not the case. Anyway, I'm just giving you--
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great, that's what I was looking for. And then the last one, the marginal tax rate on the MI business, will that be -- I imagine that will be different from your kind of your consolidated tax rate or do you expect it to be similar?
Mark D. Lyons: It should be marginally higher because there may be a difference in the quarter share percentage.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Great. And then last question, Mike just off of this topic, but I guess one question I have is obviously you're seeing a lot of flux on the reinsurance side and it seems like you're prepared to move capacity into the insurance market and particularly if there are some opportunities on the E&S side and as the buyer reinsurance, challenging or competitive reinsurance conditions are helpful. But at what point do you see or could we see others employ that same strategy of just kind of lifting the capital out of the reinsurance market, moving into the insurance market and kind of bringing that kind of situation with them? Is that something you think about or?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I can't talk about others because I don't know what they're going to do. First of all, if you have a structure like Arch, which you have businesses on both segments, you have the opportunity to do it. If you're a pure reinsurer, of course, you don't have the opportunity to do that because if you lack in insurance operations, you've got to stick with what you have. Having said that, it's the willingness of managements to decide as to where they're going to allocate capital and what segments. Even in the insurance segment, we don't have a lot of liking on the large accounts business where rates are today, especially if they're written on a guaranteed cost basis. If you eliminate law-sensitive type of transactions, it's less underwriting risk and more service-oriented type of business. Predominantly, we're focusing on very tiny binding authority business and small accounts across the board, not only in our program business or a binding authority business, but also in what we do throughout the world. And that is also a focus of our reinsurance operations as reinsurers of underlying businesses, they still look for the small, medium-sized type of accounts to reinsure.
Mark D. Lyons: And let me just add, Michael, that the -- don't view this as a panacea of moving capital from reinsurance to insurance. We just got done quoting that the full accident year was about 83 combined for the reinsurance group. And they worked hard to be well diversified, so although there's focus on cat, cat's not -- clearly, not the only game in town, so that's a 17% return on revenue right there, so it's not -- the sky isn't falling.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's definitely clear that when things are getting more challenging, especially in the reinsurance business, talent will make a difference and discipline will make a difference. And I think our track record speaks for itself. We have terrific underwriting teams in our reinsurance group, and I think they are as disciplined as they come. I don't -- I do have a management tool that I got from my father, it's a Louisville Slugger, it's in there. But I only keep it in the corner of my office because I never have to use it. These guys are more disciplined than I am.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Dinos, what happens if there's an Andrew or a Katrina? And with all this collateralized paper, are there no second event covers out there, has the industry suddenly scrambled for a protection on day 2?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, it depends what these facilities that have the collateralized paper will do, are they going to ante up additional capital so they can participate or -- I don't know the answer to it. You can have different scenarios as to what's going to happen. For example, if I'm the buyer of -- on a retro plan of collateralized capital and I have a major event, I'm not releasing that collateral until I know exactly that I get paid for my losses. So in essence, if they want to reload and participate, is up to them. But I don't know what their reaction is going to be at that point in time.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: In terms of you're buying, are you buying protection at this point with collateralized paper more so than rated paper? Or how do you view the trade-off there?
Constantine P. Iordanou: We buy both, we buy both and is -- we model things out and we believe we can have a good purchase. We don't really care if it's traditional or fully collateralized.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And is there a reversal expected for this Canadian tax charge in 2014? Is this one time or does it get earned back through the other direction in the future?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, that's -- it's a good a question, and you kind of answered it yourself. This is not a write-off, this is a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset. So depending upon, let's say, revaluations periodically and performance is good in 2014, you start to see the unwinding of that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But not in '14, you'll see the unwinding of that in '15 and beyond.
Mark D. Lyons: We'll call it a reevaluation allowance.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith of Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So the first question is on the debt. I'm little surprised that you took on debt because I thought that you guys are sitting on a lot of excess capital. Could you help us understand that decision, please?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we do, but don't forget, it was attractive terms, especially on a net basis. So we said all along that we kept a very conservative balance sheet to give us those kind of opportunities. We felt we can raise at attractive churns and in the right jurisdiction, so we chose that path. And maybe we have a bit of excess capital beyond what we had before, but we also have the opportunity to deploy it in other business and there is a few things that we are working on. And if that doesn't materialize, we can always return it to shareholders.
Mark D. Lyons: So to amplify that, Vinay, Dinos saying it's attractively priced, it's tax deductible. We tended to want to raise it in the jurisdictions where it's going to be deployed. And as general statement, we don't really like to track capital if we can get away with it.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. The second question is on the mortgage insurance space, I believe you said that you don't want to get it more than about 20% of your capital. In the next 3 years, where do you think -- I mean, how much of capital do you think you'd be able to deploy right now?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Not enough to even get us close to 20%. We just said, we have put in about $400 million, we're about 10:1 right now. We have a lot of room to get to 18:1. If we're very successful, probably you're looking out 3 years out before we need. And don't forget, I can't even predict what my balance sheet is going to look 3 years out, but I can tell you, it will have a lot more than $560 billion of common equity. So the 20% will take quite a bit of time. We didn't say we want to be 20% tomorrow, we said, we'll work on the opportunities the market gives us and we're going to try to build it. But from a risk management point of view, we didn't want to deploy more than 20%. And of course, there are other ways to deploy capital as you've seen with our activity at Watford.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. But just looking in terms of the capital that you're looking at deploying...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Within the Arch balance sheet, yes.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: All right. So do you think that the mortgage insurance operation, you could maybe do about $1 billion in terms of capital deployed the next 2 to 5 years?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Maybe 5 years out, but not in the 2 to 3 years.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then last question is on the ROE. Looking at the 11% to 13% sort of underwriting your ROE, I'm trying to translate that into GAAP ROE, I know that there are various ins and outs, because you've got excess capital. Could you help us understand this sort of difference?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I don't understand the difference. I mean, what you've got to look, Vinay, is our performance. This year, we did 11.7% on an operating basis for the year, and we've done 13.5% on a net basis and it was not a stellar year from an investment point of view because of what happened to the fixed income securities. So 11% to 13% without significant -- don't forget, there is no significant deterioration in the underwriting conditions globally. Insurance group is improving, reinsurance group is slightly losing some ground. On balance, when I look at it, I think nothing has changed for us. I view '14 to be as good as '13 and maybe slightly better. So at the end of the day, I mean, we do an in depth then I'll turn it over to Mark, calculations on these things, but they're projections and we feel comfortable with it, that's why we put it in our commentary. Mark, anything more you want to say?
Mark D. Lyons: No, I think you nailed it. I've got nothing to add.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. Though -- so wasn't '13 a very low year for cats and '14 should be more normal year for cats?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the cat business for us is, I would say, on an expected basis, the low cat might give you another $100 million, $150 million of excess profit. And on a bad cat year, you take it off, right? Because you cannot assume 0 cats and then our cat load is like $250 million a year. So basically, yes, that will have a fluctuation. If you do the math, right? So is a few points of ROE that it can swing, kind of 2 to 3 up or 2 to 3 down depending on heavy or no cat activity. And that's what you saw. The other event that happened this year is that the fixed income market didn't really help very much, with the ROE on a net income basis and/or the growth in book value. So you can do your own math, but when we look at the business we underwrite, we allocate 2 notches above our rating, cap it off through the S&P bond model, and we run everything through to see. I'm not saying everything we underwrite today produces that kind of ROE. We've got business there in the mid-single digit, but we're still in it because we like the future of that business and we have business that have 15% ROE. In the aggregate, when you put that on in the hamper, we come with that range. That's why I gave you a range, I don't give you a bullet point because I'm not that smart to know exactly which segments we're going to be successful to grow versus the other, and mix will make a difference. But 11% to 13%, we're very comfortable with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Byrnes of Janney Capital.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to get your thoughts on why you're making a bet on your professional lines and D&O on the reinsurance side rather than the insurance side?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it's the -- don't forget, we're doing it on both, on insurance side and on the reinsurance side, but you've got to go by geographies. We're not making a big bet in Europe and other parts of the world because we don't see the uplift on the rate. The bet we're making in the U.S. is we view that as a unique situation. A good underwriting team with a very good track record and having a significant amount of business in the primary D&O space, which have experienced more stickiness and also that better rate improvement than anything we've seen in that D&O world in the last 3 to 4 years. So we're backing, I think, a good team. We like the management from the top down all the way through. And at the end of the day, we were willing to do that. Having said that, it doesn't mean our insurance operations in the D&O space in the U.S., they're not trying actively where they see opportunities to grow. Where we don't see opportunities, also, we don't have any misguided misconceptions, we will cut that back.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just quickly, last question is could you refresh us maybe on your M&A pipeline or some one-off-type deals, I guess, the use of capital going forward.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we don't comment on future activity because -- but in general terms, we've seen, as we reported on the Ethniki transaction, opportunities sometimes do special deals in reinsurance because people they're looking for capital relief. And sometimes you've got to have the excess capital available and ready to deploy it immediately. If we see those type of opportunities drying up, then we've got to rethink about what do you do with excess capital. But right now, I'm still in a wait-and-see pattern looking at all these opportunities that we're discussing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hall of Wells Fargo.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering on the mortgage insurance side, you sort of moved into that segment, first in reinsurance and now, with the closing of CMG. Do you think being a primary player is going to reduce your opportunities to continue to write reinsurance there?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I don't believe so. I mean, the opportunities might have went away anyway. I mean, a lot of the reinsurance transactions, they were out of necessity because some of the direct mortgage insurers, they were in need of capital. And we recognize that from the first day we did the first transaction, and that was the reason that we will always have an interest. Our interest to enter the primary mortgage insurance business didn't happen yesterday. We had that interest going back 4 years ago. We just have to find the right opportunity with the right facility, et cetera. As you know, technology plays a big role in that. You've got to have robust systems to be in that space, you've got to have good relationships with organizations like yours, which we expect to do a lot of business with. You're the largest originator. And you've got to have the interfaces and all that. So when we found that opportunity, we entered the market. Having said that, we always knew that our reinsurance opportunities, especially from the primary mortgage, it will purely depend on their capital needs. And now the capital markets have opened to some of the potential clients, some existing clients and potential clients. So I don't know what their needs are going to be in the future, but our intent is to be both in as a reinsurer and also primary in the U.S. and also overseas.
Mark D. Lyons: And just to augment that a bit. Your question necessitates a scenario or 2, and how will the capital markets continue to view our mortgage churn space. As to the GSE capital requirement, let's hypothesize. Let's say they go from 18:1, and then you go to 16, then you go to 15. This could be increasingly difficult for some of the legacy players to come into compliance. To the extent that the capital markets get a little more cold shoulder towards it, reinsurance as a capital source becomes very attractive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions, if I can. First, in that 40% of the reinsurance segment reserve releases that came from shorter tail lines, is there any way of breaking that down between sort of normal run rate losses and the major cats that have been incurred since 2011?
Mark D. Lyons: Most of it is non-cat. So there is, I'm estimating, but I believe it was closer -- it was North of 50% on non-cat.
Meyer Shields - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And second, if we were to tease out the mortgage insurance results in 2013 from reinsurance, would the underwriting margin gone up or down?
Constantine P. Iordanou: They'd probably go -- the margin will go down slightly though, because it will be negligible. This is taking out the MI out of...
Mark D. Lyons: Well, I think it's funny because we look at that ourselves. And if I do it in combined ratio perspective, it's probably the best way to do it. The calendar quarter for the reinsurance division would have been about 90 bps higher, which is marginal, and 40 bps higher in the full calendar year with the mortgage insurance removed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Bobman of Capital Returns.
Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC: I had a question about Watford. Generally, is the third quarter of this year sort of the reasonable timeline for when Watford will begin binding business? I was wondering you could describe a little bit about some of the types of lines of business that you envision for Watford. And will it only write business that Arch Re is not writing or might there be deals where you both participate? And then finally -- I'm sorry, just to add one more related question, sorry, Dinos...
Constantine P. Iordanou: I'm writing them down.
Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC: I guess, it would sink in a little bit more if my voice was a little bit sweeter. And then the professional liability reinsurance deal that you did with the large earned-premium reserve pickup in the fourth quarter, is there any tie between that and Watford, is the prospect of Watford starting soon in any way linked and will it participate at all on that treaty? And that's it for me.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay. Let me start with the fresher one, the last question. Now, it had nothing to do with Watford because Watford, even though the probability is very high, at the time we made that transaction we were making it for us. We want to maintain that. Now in the future, if we chose to put some in Watford or not, it will be up to us. Having said that, in your question about what business Watford will take, yes, they will take sometimes business that we ship out today to our other participants and they will participate with that. Sometimes, we're going to be side-by-side and sometimes there might be deals that they will do on their own. At the end of the day, the underwriting standards of Watford Re will be the same underwriting standards as we have at Arch. I'm not reprogramming the brains of our underwriters. What might be slightly different, than in my -- cause some business will go to Watford, it will depend on duration of liabilities and what kind of expected return we expect from the Highbridge principal strategy, it's the hedge fund who is going to be managing the assets. So yes, there might be situations that some accounts might not make the cut for Arch, but it will make the cut and produce the north of 15% ROE for Watford and then, we'll do those too. But I want to emphasize that our underwriting teams, when they're working on Arch accounts or Watford accounts, they're going to use the same basic tools and the same principles that we have established over the last 12 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark A. Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: One real quick question. On the CMG premiums you gave us, $100 million, is that a written or an earned?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's an annual written premium and since it is being steady-state, is annual earned too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. So I guess I had a question on, I remember a while back, maybe Dinos it was you or Mark, you'd mentioned that the MI would not meaningfully impact earnings until '16. Did that contemplate the interest costs related to this debt raise or is that just on the underwriting side?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It contemplate everything.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. It contemplate this period's, that risk. Got it. Okay. And I also just wanted to square the 11% to 13% comment. I guess, does that ROE comment on business that's written today, I'm guessing that contemplates the action at your loss ratio you initially booked is above your estimate of ultimate losses. Is that -- because otherwise, it doesn't look like, on an accident year basis, you would be there for '13?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I don't totally understood. Did you understand the question? I don't know.
Mark D. Lyons: No.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So in other words, you had -- you booked a 13.7%, right, this -- or 13.5% this year, 11.7% operating.
Constantine P. Iordanou: 13.5 on a net basis, yes.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Right. 11.7% operating and then -- but you had some -- obviously, some favorable development in there, so taking that into consideration, you're -- that would be somewhere $250 million of development maybe you're in the 7% to 8% range. So if you're booking business on a 11% to 13% ROE basis, I'm guessing that assumes that the accident year results is not going to close that gap for '14 or '15, that there's some assumption that the reserves will continue their trend that we've seen in the last several years.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, some of it is. Remember, these comments Dinos make on the range are underwriting years, not accident years. In an improving market, accident year '13 will be worse than underwriting year '13. And underwriting year '14 will improve even more. So accident year is the starting point but you have to translate probably a material movement to convert that to an underwriting year and improve it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: On your reserve question, we've be reserving conservatively all of our lives, we're not planning to change that. Usually, performance comes, as I say, the current accident year, it's a self-grading exam. Maybe 4, 5 years out it becomes an exam, but the professor will grade, and that philosophy hasn't changed with us. So I don't believe that our reserve philosophy will change. So in essence, based on historical averages, I would think the same kind of performance is going to emerge.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, I would like to hand the call back to Mr. Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thank you, all, and we're looking forward to talking to you in the next quarter, which is going to be probably a little more exciting. The first time we're going to report the MI as a separate section of our 3 businesses. And I'm sure you're going to have a ton of questions. With that, have a wonderful day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee , Member of Finance & Investment Committee and President of Arch Capital Group (US) Inc Mark D. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P. Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to your Q3 2013 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call with Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mark Lyons. My name is Marie, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] However, before the company gets started with this update, management wants to remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also would like -- would make -- will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. But now I'd like to hand the call over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou. Please proceed
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Marie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We had a good third quarter from just about every perspective. Earnings were solid, driven by excellent underwriting results. On a consolidated basis, our premium revenue grew by approximately 12% on both gross and net basis, although there were noteworthy items that I will get into in a few minutes. On an operating basis, we earned $1.10 per share for the quarter, which produced an annualized 11% return on equity for the third quarter. On a net basis -- on a net income basis, Arch earned $0.80 per share, which corresponds to a 9% annualized return on equity. Reported net income was adversely affected by foreign exchange losses. These losses rose from the quarterly effects of evaluating our insurance liabilities that are settled in foreign currencies. As you may know, changes in the value of investments used to fund these liabilities are reflected as a direct change in shareholders' equity, and accordingly, foreign exchange movements did not have a significant effect on book value per share. Our reported underwriting results in the second quarter was solid, as reflected by a combined ratio of 86%. They were aided by better-than-average performance on cat underwriting and continued favorable prior year reserve development. Net investment income per share on a reported basis declined to $0.49 per share, reflecting the effects of lower yields available in the financial markets, in a total return approach to investments. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $239 million, a $96 million decrease from the same period last year substantially due to higher paid losses, including claim payments on prior year cat events. The total return of the investment portfolio was 143 basis points inclusive of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Our book value per common share increased by 4.2% primarily due to our operating performance. During the third quarter, the insurance market continued to attain rate increases, although they moderated somewhat relative to the first half of this year. In our U.S. insurance operations, which gives us a good indication because we have more granular data, we experienced rate increases in the quarter that provided 170 basis points of expected margin improvement. This is as compared to business return over year ago. The movement of business from the admitted market back to the E&S market continued. On prior calls, we mentioned our expansion into the binding authority insurance business that caters to small units accounts written through the wholesale distribution channel. This group is off to an excellent start. They are producing an increasing level of business and have begun to leverage Arch distribution platform and relationships to access more opportunities. In our view, on an absolute basis, while most long-tail casualty business still require further rate improvements to meet our return requirements, some segments are approaching rate adequacy. With regard to new versus renewal pricing, based on our monitoring systems, we saw no changes on a relative basis from what we have reported in the last quarter. On the reinsurance side of the business, in terms and conditions, we see pressure in 3 areas. First, in property cat, alternative capacity is putting pressure on rates. Second, although the profitability of primary insurance has improved, cedents has pressed -- have pressed successfully for additional seating commissions generally in the range of 1 to 2 points. So the improve economics remain with the primary insurers. Finally, cedents are moving to excess of loss instead of pro rata coverage, which increases the risk to reinsurance of arbitrage by cedents. Net written premiums of the reinsurance segment grew by 24% while the insurance segment increased their net written premiums by 4%. The increase in the reinsurance segment stems primarily from one significant treaty, as was the case in 2002 and 2003. Certain cedents, based on their financial conditions, are looking to the reinsurance market to provide capital. The treaty I just mentioned fell into this category, and we recorded approximately $55 million of written premium in the third quarter of 2013, including the transfer or approximately $40 million over non-premium. In addition, as you may know from press reports, we entered into a transaction with Ethniki, the insurance subsidiary of the National Bank of Greece. Although the reserves reinsure on a nominal basis were in excess of EUR 400 million, under U.S. GAAP, this transaction will be accounted on a deposit basis. Due to the long-term nature of the liabilities, we expect that margin will be earned over several years and is not expected to have a material effect on any individual year. The insurance segment had a net written premium growth predominantly emanating from the U.S. operations, which represent approximately 75% of their worldwide volume this quarter. The U.S. operations grew net written premium by nearly 15%, partially offsetting strategic reductions elsewhere in the world. The U.S. growth came predominantly from increases in exposures on existing accounts, new business including our contract binding business and, of course, rate increases. Groupwide, on an expected basis, we continue to believe the ROE on the business we underwrote this year will produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 11% to 13%. Let me now update you on the status of our previously announced agreement to acquire certain assets of PMI and CMG. We're continuing to work on obtaining the regulatory and other approvals required to complete the transaction. As part of that process, we're continuing our discussions with the GSEs in order to obtain their approval of Arch as an eligible mortgage insurance carrier. This process takes time. If the required approvals are obtained, it is expected that the transaction will close near the end of 2013 or during very early part of 2014. Before I turn it over to Mark and discuss our PMLs, it is worth noting that our cat PML aggregates reflect business bound through October 1 while the premium numbers included in our financial statements are through September 30. As of October 1, 2013, our largest 250-year PMLs for a single event increased slightly to $868 million in the Northeast or approximately 17% of our common shareholders' equity, while Gulf PMLs increased somewhat to $736 million where our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $615 million. I will now turn it over to Mark to comment further on our financial results, and then after Mark, we will take your questions. Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Thank you, Dinos, and good morning, all. The consolidated combined ratio for this quarter was 86% even, with 2.5 points of current accident year cat-related events, which are net reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2012 third quarter combined ratio of 90.2%, with reflected 3.7 points of cat-related events. Losses in the 2013 third quarter from catastrophic events totaled $19.5 million, emanating from a variety of events around the world. The 2013 third quarter consolidated combined ratio also reflected 8.2 points of prior year net favorable development, again, net reinsurance and related acquisition adjustments, compared to 7.1 points of prior period favorable development on the same basis in the 2012 third quarter. This results in a 91.7% current accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for the third quarter of 2013 compared to a 93.6% accident quarter combined ratio in the third quarter of 2012. The 2013 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for the reinsurance segment was 83.7% compared to 84.3% in the 2012 third quarter. In the insurance segment, 2013 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats improved to 97.0% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 99.6% in the third quarter of 2012. Approximately 80% of the net favorable development in this quarter was from the reinsurance segment, with approximately 60% of that due to net favorable development on short-count lines concentrated in the more recent underwriting years. The other 40% of the reinsurance segment net favorable development was attributable to longer-tailed lines spread evenly over all underwriting years, 2010 and prior. The remaining aggregate 20% of net favorable development was attributable to the insurance segment and was primarily driven by short-tailed lines from the more recent accident years. Similar to prior periods, approximately 69% of our consolidated $7.1 billion of total net reserves for loss and loss adjustment expense are IBNR or additional case reserves, which is a fairly consistent ratio across both the reinsurance and insurance segments. The insurance segment accounts for 63% of total net loss and loss expense reserves, and the reinsurance segment, the balance of 37%. On a consolidated basis, the third quarter of 2013 expense ratio was 32.3% compared to the prior year's comparable quarter of 30.9%. This 140 basis point increase is driven by 150 basis point rise in the acquisition expense ratio while the operating expense ratio dropped 10 basis points. The acquisition expense is a combination of higher ceding commissions on proportional treaties within the reinsurance segment along with some lift in insurance segment, premium taxes and cedent treaty commission adjustments on older years. The insurance segment expense ratio went up 50 basis points, from 32.5% to 33% quarter-over-comparative quarter, with the acquisition ratio up 120 basis points while the operating expense ratio dropped 70 basis points. As stated, the rise in the acquisition ratio was driven by increases in continued commissions on cedent treaties along with the increased premium taxes. The reinsurance segment expense ratio went up 280 basis points, from 28.5% to 31.3% quarter-over-comparative-quarter, with the acquisition ratio up 180 basis points and the operating expense ratio up 100 basis points. The acquisition increase was due to a change in product mix along with higher ceding commissions on quota share treaties. The operating expense ratio reflects incremental expenses due to certain platform expansion, as commented on last quarter. Our U.S. insurance operations achieved a 4.7% effective rate increase this quarter, which translates into the margin expansion of 170 basis points that Dinos referenced earlier. This is a 20 basis point improvement over the 150 basis point expansion achieved during the second quarter of 2013, driven mostly by changes in mix. These figures represent the excess of written effective rate increases over estimated loss trend and provide continuing evidence of improving market conditions. This average ranged from having some margin contraction in some units such as miscellaneous facilities, healthcare and some professional liability areas to large improvements in our private, mostly primary executive assurance growth and middle market operation. Other areas of note in margin expansion were E&S casualty and our program businesses. Property lines experienced low single-digit rate increases again this quarter and therefore, like last quarter, did not experience additional margin expansion. Specialty casualty, worker's compensation and national account businesses have now experienced 10 successive quarters of rate increases. Whereas our executive assurance, middle market and alternative asset protection books, along with our retail construction unit, have each experienced 9 consecutive quarters of rate increases. Furthermore, our excess workers' compensation and umbrella books have now enjoyed 8 consecutive quarters. As always, we make capital allocation decisions based on our view of the absolute returns and not relative improvements alone. For example, although our insurance property business did not experience margin expansion this quarter, we continued to estimate healthy returns for this line. The ratio of net written premiums to gross written premiums in the quarter, on a consolidated basis, was 80.9% compared to 80.6% a year ago. In the reinsurance segment, the net-to-gross ratio was 95% in the 2013 third quarter, driven by an increased use of retro coverage, compared to 97.2% a year ago. The insurance segment was essentially unchanged at a 73.5% ratio as they maintain their ongoing strategy to grow the less volatile, smaller-account businesses in the current environment and reduce exposure in higher severity businesses. The total return on our investment portfolio was a reported positive 143 bps in the 2013 third quarter, primarily driven by equities, high-yield bonds and alternative investments. Excluding foreign exchange, total return was 84 basis points. It's worth noting that equities and alternative investments account for 14.9% of our $13.3 billion of investable assets as of September 30 of this year, which is identical to June 30 but higher than the 11.5% allocation a year ago. This allocation on a portfolio basis has the potential to ameliorate future impacts to our investment portfolio from rising interest rates and widening credit spreads. Our embedded pretax book yield before expenses was 2.41% as of September 30, 2013, compared to 2.43% at June 30, 2013, while the duration of the portfolio shortened slightly to 2.83 years, which continues to reflect our conservative position on duration in the current yield environment. Reported net investment income in the quarter was $66.1 million or $0.49 per share versus $73.2 million or $0.53 per share in the 2012 third quarter. This difference is attributable to a reduction of interest income from fixed income securities and an increase in investment expenses relative to third quarter of 2012. During 2013, however, fixed income earnings have been relatively flat each sequential quarter as have investment expenses. Our effective tax rate on pretax operating income for the third quarter of 2013 was an expense of 5.6% compared to an expense of 3.1% in the third quarter of 2012. Approximately 41% of this third quarter tax expense or $3.8 million is associated with catch-up of the first 2 quarters to this higher effective rate and $2 million of withholding on equities -- tax withholdings on equity securities. The September 30 year-to-date effective tax rate on operating income, excluding some minor discrete items, is 3.3%. Fluctuations in the effective tax rate can result from variability in the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Our total capital was $5.84 billion at the end of this quarter, up 3.7% relative to June 30 and up 4.9% relative to year end 2012. We repurchased only 1.3 million of share value during the quarter or $57.8 million year-to-date as of September 30. We have $712 million of authorization remaining for additional share repurchases. Our debt-to-capital ratio remains low at 6.8%, and debt plus hybrids represents only 12.4% of our total capital, which continues to give a significant financial flexibility. We continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted capital position. Book value per share was $38.34 at the end of this quarter, up 4.2% versus June 30 and 5.9% relative to December 30, 2012. This change in book value per share this quarter is led by the company's continued strong underwriting results. So with these introductory comments, we're now pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have our first question and it comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess I just had one question on your decision to pull back on property cat. I mean, I know you've talked about it in the past. We've seen a lot of other folks increasing property cat exposure this quarter. What do you see as the opportunities out there? And why is it that you're choosing to pull back in that business while maybe others are seeing an opportunity to grow?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, at the end of the day, when we write any line of business, including cat, we look at opportunity by opportunity, contract by contract, and we have an expectation based on the volatility of that business, what the proper return should be. And our cat teams determined that in some areas, the erosion was more than we can stomach. So for that reason, we let some of that business go. But we're still bullish on the cat business. I don't want to give you a misleading conclusion. We still like it, but we're cautious about what our expected return should be. And we continue to price it with the expectation that we're going to have very high returns because of the nature of the business and the volatility that brings. Mark, you add anything?
Mark D. Lyons: No, you nailed it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I mean, are you seeing pressure from other sources ameliorate now in terms of alternative capital? Are you expecting that to change between now and 1/1? Or how should we think about that?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I think is -- I'm not telling you anything that the market doesn't know. The additional cat without entering the market has put pressure on rates in the 10% to 15% rate reduction. That by itself has not really changed significantly the prospects of profitability. But in certain segments like on the low end of the curve, because especially the unrated vehicles that they have to collateralize the limits, they're looking for the high-rate online business, which, of course, is on the front end of the curve. In that part of the curve, I think we don't find the returns attractive. Some of those returns, they have moved into the sub-2-digit, high single digits. For some investors, high single digits for the cat business might be an acceptable return. I can tell you it's not for Arch. And so we have business that it was on that low end of the curve, and we're not getting the proper return, that's the business that you let go. And of course, that will magnify also because the high-rate online business also have big premium numbers. So if you don't do 1 or 2 of those, in essence, you're not using a lot of PML, but you're losing a lot of premium. But the profitability is not there.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: GOt you. Great. And then I guess one question for Mark. Just on the investment portfolio, looked like the turnover was pretty elevated again this quarter. And I remember there was one sleeve of the portfolio. I think it was the treasury piece that was turning over multiple times as opposed to the portfolio itself turning over a significant amount. Just can you update us on what might have driven that turnover this quarter and whether that should continue?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, that -- it's fairly similar to your observation to prior quarters. And I think what you're seeing is taking some realized gains with the expectation of improved yields on those given where some of those purchases were made throughout the quarter. But I -- but the rate of turnover is approximately the same.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And you expect that should continue from here?
Mark D. Lyons: It's hard to say based on what happens in the market. So just like any insurance business, we're going to react to what's there. So it depends on what [indiscernible] effects.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And don't forget, our approach to investments is total return. So we believe that turning over the portfolio, factoring in friction, of course, and doing it, it will be beneficial to us, and we'll do it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Locraft from Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Wanted to just ask about the capital deployment. I think you guys are pretty explicit on when you like to buy back stock. And at 1.5 [ph] book, it doesn't seem that it fits the grid that well given prospective ROEs. How should we be thinking about excess capital as it continues to build within the context of your corporation in the future periods?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the first thing -- the thing is our ability to put that capital to work in the marketplace because that's what we've been hired to do as managers. And hopefully by year end, we'll close the MI deal. In addition to that, I don't know if you've been following that space, not only there is opportunities for us that they're going to comp with PMI and CMG. But also, there is transactions in the market that both Fannie and Freddie, the testing in putting more of the credit business to the private sector, and we intend to be a participant of that. So the prospects of us actually deploying more capital and utilizing in our business, including the mortgage insurance space, it's very high. Also, as you've seen with 2 transactions that we've done in the third quarter, the Ethniki transaction with a significant EUR 400 million of reserves and the Towers Group transaction. We're seeing other transactions of similar nature and similar size. I'm not predicting anything. These things are lumpy. Sometimes you're successful in landing them, and sometimes you're not. But I'm optimistic in utilize more of a capital in the business going forward. Absent of that, we'll refer back to share repurchases, and we will not rule out an extraordinary dividend if that's appropriate to return capital to shareholders. We'll be good stewards of capital. We don't try to hoard it, but I can tell you, when I look into the future, I see opportunities. So I'm not going to be too anxious to let that capital go right now.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, okay, very thorough answer. Just one follow-up on that. So it sounds like the core business is where you want to deploy it, and you're seeing good opportunities. So in a way, we should be growing the core faster prospectively, and so...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, given the -- given where the market opportunities, I -- don't forget, the mortgage insurance space is going to eat up some of our capital. I mean, it's -- we got to fund those, and like I said, the opportunity is not only with what we're going to write direct through PMI and CMG. It's also these transactions that -- the bulk transactions that the GSE, they're putting into the marketplace.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, yes. Okay, good. And then you actually have mentioned buybacks ahead of a special dividend. Would you reverse that at this particular price? I mean, you -- again, I think you guys are somewhat valuation-sensitive on the buyback front.
Constantine P. Iordanou: The -- yes, we are. We're looking at the -- a kind of a light post, the guiding post that says we recover it within 3 years is the right mix. But we still believe there is a lot of intrinsic value in the company. So it will not stop us to even buy our stock at 1.50 multiple.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then last, I just want -- on the special dividend, it sounds -- you brought it up. Is it you guys don't like a regular dividend? How do you compare and contrast a special versus a regular? And what would cause you to do a special?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, a regular dividend is not a way to manage capital, right? This is a capital-intensive business. In the soft cycle, you have a lot of excess, and you've got to return it to shareholders. And when things get into a very good cycle, you probably -- you can utilize as much capital you can get your hands on. So by introducing an ordinary dividend of 1% or 2%, it's not really going to manage your capital. You might expand your shareholder basis because some funds might not invest unless you're paying a dividend. But we don't think in those terms. We don't try to make actions because they're going to be a reaction by investors. Our focus is what's the proper way to run the company, how the capital structure needs to behave depending if we're on a soft, on a hard cycle, how much leverage we have in the capital structure. All those thoughts go into it and how much excess capital we need to keep because we got our high ratings, and also, we want to have the financial flexibility because when the markets turn, they turn very quickly. This gradual improvement in the market is not what I would call a hard trend to a hard market. But if you have continuation of pressures, as we've seen with some small companies because of either reserve deficiencies or other issues they have, if that, for some reason, accelerates, you're going to see a hard market. We don't see in the next year or 2, but we're always -- our responsibility is to be prepared for it. And we take that all into consideration before we make this decision. So we never believe on an ordinary dividend. Now if you have excess capital, and let's say you believe that the marketplace is not giving you the right multiple, you might consider the extraordinary dividend because it's a quick way to return capital to shareholders and let them decide what to do with it.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, Greg, I would just add to Dinos' is you can have a high-level look at it that any special dividend would be the excess over all contemplated uses. What Dinos said is more optimistic. It's because at marketplace opportunities, we have higher odds in our minds these things might close. So a special dividend would just be -- any potential uses outside of that plus the guardian of our high ratings and just any leftover, only that would be considered discussion-worthy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani from KBW.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple quick ones here. First, you had mentioned earlier on the call that you're seeing better economics on the primary side. So just one question there is, to what extent are you benefiting from the primary economics there and to what extent are those economics been pressuring your reinsurance side? I'm kind of just qualitatively trying to assess the net impact on the overall business.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the way I will answer is that 60% of our business is primary, 40% is reinsurance. We don't have any target. It can switch. It depends on market conditions. What we see today, and it's fair to say, I think we had phenomenally good results in the reinsurance market, and that is not deteriorating. What I'm saying is basically, we're not getting incremental improvement on the reinsurance sector because when we talk to cedents, they are seeing the improvement on the insurance side. They want to keep it. It's sticking to their ribs, not ours. But having said that, it doesn't mean that transactions that we do are worse than they were a year ago. They just don't have the improvement. All the improvement stays with the primary. On our Insurance Group, as you've seen from the numbers that Mark mentioned, we've seen their margin and their combined ratio on an accident year basis coming down. And as the market improves, we expect that to continue. So on the 6% of our business, we're getting the benefit of it. On the reinsurance, I think we're remaining steady. The reason that we haven't changed the 11% to 13% ROE, when you put everything in the hopper, we see improvement on the insurance side. We see steadiness on the reinsurance. But we're losing a bit on the cat business from a margin point of view, plus, we're losing a bit on the investment income side. So when you put it all together, I didn't see a reason for us to go beyond the 11% to 13% because that's what the numbers indicate.
Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And just my next question, how should we think about risk-based capital for mortgage insurance?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I'll give you the short answer. The FHFA is in the process of coming up with new capital requirements. We know that the capital requirements are going to be somewhere between 15x to 20x a value at risk. So we don't know exactly when they're going to come, but basically, we believe the business is still very attractive from the low end of that range to the high end of that range. And I don't know how long the transition period is going to be, especially for some of the existing mortgage insurers who right now, they're not meeting that -- those thresholds from a capital point of view. So there might be a transition period, 1 year or 2, for people to come within those ranges, but we don't know that yet. We're waiting for the regulator to come with the requirements.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith from Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the primary insurance operations. That's grown out of healthy piece of 14% for the U.S. Just curious as to what's happening there. And also wanted to know -- I mean, you mentioned that more lines are reaching adequate profitability. Do you think that it could open the spigot next year and write more business?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, growing at double digits in the U.S., that's a pretty good growth. And like I said, it's not only coming from -- first of all, some of our customers, they're seeing a slight improvement in their business. So the exposure bit goes up, so you get a little more premium. On top of it, you have the rate increases. That helps. And of course, we're gaining a bit of a market share, and the market share we're gaining predominantly is coming in the small E&S market through a binding authority business and, I think, in our program business. A lot of our program administrators, they have seen both growth in exposure units and very good rate increases. So the combination of those gives you that. Now on -- we expect that to continue, but you never know. This is -- the insurance business has always been very, very competitive, so I don't know what the competition is going to do. If there is no changes and the trajectory continues to go, we expect to continue to grow, especially in the U.S. That's not the same story in other parts of the world. As a matter of fact, you saw that we decided to shrink in some other parts of the world, U.K. and Australia and Continental Europe, in some lines, professional liability lines and B&O lines, et cetera. So we look at it, we look at the profitability, and then growth is not what drives us. I think bottom line results is what drives us, but we're not bashful. If we see opportunity, we'll seek it and we'll go out and write the business. Go ahead, Mark.
Mark D. Lyons: Vinay, just as a follow-up to Dinos' comment, I would note that the -- there's some similarities in the 2 major areas in the U.S. where there was growth: one, programs and the second, contract binding, as Dinos pointed out. First off, they're all -- both smaller accounts. They got a good overall spread. It's more stable. It's less volatile. As a result, we keep a massive amount of that net, so compared to other lines of business that might be getting similar rate increases, this will stick to the ribs more, a lot more than they would.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure, that's helpful. Dinos, you sounded more bullish about reinvesting the money into business, and yet seems on the P&C side, there are not as many opportunities. So am I reading this correctly that you're looking more at the mortgage insurance and these Fannie, Freddie transactions and one-off transactions that we can't really see where you propose to deploy the capital?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. You got it absolutely right, Vinay. You continue to do your homework. What can I tell you?
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: All right, great. And one, I think, for Mark. Actually, Mark, the margins quarter-over-quarter in the reinsurance segment, I mean, the loss ratio went up a tad. Just curious whether that was because of a sinew of quota share reinsurance transaction.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, yes, good question. It's -- it had a marginal impact. I mean that if -- I prefer to look at the combined ratio impact more than each piece, but I'm happy to address that. On the acquisition side, as we commented, the acquisition quarter-over-quarter is up 180 basis points, but if you control for that large transaction, it will be 130 basis points. It was 50 basis point impact on the net acquisition ratio. But you really can't stop there because you got to look to get to the different premium base and what it does on your operating expense ratio. And that really takes it back to another 60 basis points the other way. And there's a point difference because of just sheer premium size and where the loss ratio is on that as well. So on a combined ratio point of view, it's hardly noticeable. On a component point of view, it had 50 basis points on acquisition. So depending on where you're looking, that's the answer.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Couple of numbers questions probably for Mark. Other expenses were well below previous quarter levels, and also any equity method investment returns were also -- I think the absolute return levels were healthy but also well below prior quarters'. Any guidance on how to think about those going forward.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Mike, I'll let Mark answer it, but I know numbers, too. I don't...
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I know what you mean.
Mark D. Lyons: Dinos wants to jump in on numbers questions, but I want to jump in on underwriting questions.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Go ahead, Mark.
Mark D. Lyons: So first, just a clarification on your question. When you said expenses, are you talking investment expenses or operating expenses?
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: The operating expenses, the other expense line item, I think, was $7.8 million.
Mark D. Lyons: Okay. Well, you'll -- I think in the insurance Group, it was -- I mean, it was improvement in the operating ratio, but that was really driven by the denominator more than anything else. There wasn't big movement in it. Where you saw some movement was in the Reinsurance Group because there's some platform expansions. And as we've said in some other quarters, there's always some differences in quarter-to-quarter because of equity and how equity's recognized, especially with retirement-eligible people, it creates some differences. But -- so -- and there's a little bit, of course, of some front-ended, mortgage-related acquisition expenses that hit prior to receiving the premium that would be in this quarter.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, we have no revenue yet from that, but we're building a sales force. We're building -- so we're a little bit ahead on the MI because when the transaction close, we want to be able to hit the road running, not putting our shorts in the locker room.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And on the equity method investment income?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, when it comes to that, there's not a ton that really jumps into my mind. I mean, that stuff from quarter-to-quarter could -- can be all over the place. So we do various analysis, of course -- unlike, you might think. But it's really -- there's no underlying causative trend that can be predicted if you're thinking in a forward sense.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So we should just kind of think of it as alternative investments?
Mark D. Lyons: You should look at it as pretty lumpy. You should expect it -- it's like the B&O business. It's going to be very, very lumpy. On a long-term basis, it's predictable. Quarter-by-quarter, it's not.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And last question, could you clarify the ultimate size and duration of the Tower Group arrangements? And is there any elements of first-mover advantage if that business doesn't renew with the same party next year?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, the business is July 1 to year end. So we don't know how much. Because of the downgrade, we don't know how much they're going to write in the fourth quarter. But in essence, there was the non-premium reserve coming in, plus what they wrote in the third quarter, and then what they're going to write in the fourth quarter. After that, it depends what they want to buy. If there is any opportunities to come into an agreement on a going forward basis, all that is up to future negotiations, et cetera. But this transaction has that finality to it. It's July 1 to December 31 of this year, including the non-premium reserve coming for certain parts of their business. We didn't cover everything that they had.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. I just want to talk about tax a little bit. I -- there was -- and I listened to Mark's disclosure. I'm trying to sense what the true-up is. And is tax rate a little higher than it used to be based on where you're writing business? Or am I just imagining things?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, it's -- the interesting thing that I've found out once I took over this job is how tax rates can move really as a -- the function of either where cats or where prior period development winds up being by jurisdiction. So when you -- I mean, here is the big picture. The operations in the U.S. on both the reinsurance side and the insurance side are improving. We've been talking about that because of the margin expansion. So that's naturally going to gravitate to US-based enterprises, on what remains onshore is being subject to tax. In the quarter by itself, because of prior period development, you got to -- you have to look at more the skin underneath the onion, but -- as to where the prior period development was coming from. When we look at what's always annualized, we never forecast prior period development on a go-forward basis. So when that actually emerges in the quarter, we have to react to it, be cognizant of where it emanated from by jurisdiction and give it the appropriate tax rate.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and so [indiscernible].
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, let me give you an example. This way, you can focus on the example. If euro cat business 1 year ago or 2 years ago and for whatever reason, their reserves, they were higher than needed and now you're dropping those reserves in this quarter, that business will show a lot of underwriting profit. And for that reason, you're going to pay the appropriate tax because it's emanating from the U.S. So just an example just to see as to how improvement in results and increased profitability will increase the tax by depending where you're writing the business.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And so as a proportion, over time, would we expect, if you guys are writing less reinsurance next year, that the tax rate's probably going to go up a little bit more?
Mark D. Lyons: Quite frankly, I can't really predict that, but let's follow on to Dinos' example for a minute. First off, we'd like to use the cat example. Cat's only a piece of the pie here. It's all lines of business and what year -- what prior year's the prior period development is coming from. So for example, next quarter until B&O fees are done, I can't tell you what jurisdiction, what lines of business and what accident years are going to show pluses or minuses. So it's -- I'm not being coy. I'm just simply saying until the analysis is done, we -- I can't tell you.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But directionally, Josh, you're in the right queue because if our U.S. operations, they're improving in profitability, the tax pie is going to be higher.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And when we think about mortgage insurance, the taxing arrangements, how is that going to define your tax rate going forward?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No different than anything else that we do in the U.S. So we generate a lot of business in the U.S. We got to pay the U.S. tax.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But it will -- I'm assuming you'll be reinsuring -- try and reinsure part of that back to Arch reinsurance in Bermuda?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Oh, yes, there is some arrangements with Arch Re and other reinsurance. I mean, we don't have the entire reinsurance structure in front of us. We got to close the transaction, and then we'll see as to how we're going to reinsure the business.
Mark D. Lyons: But I will remind you, though, if you're asking a tax question, we don't expect it to be accretive until year 3, maybe later into year 3. So just keep that in mind.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. Well...
Constantine P. Iordanou: The earnings are not going to be on day 1. It might be very profitable based on ROE, but by the time it starts dropping to the bottom line, it will take effect couple of years.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Charles Sebaski from BMO Capital Markets.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just one more follow-up on the mortgage insurance, sort of how you view that business, where it could be comparatively to the rest of the business. Do you have sort of lines on -- you would cap it at certain size? What can it grow to as a percentage of the overall book that you're doing now?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, our -- listen, our expectations will be somewhere between 15% and 20% of what we do. It can be as high as 1/3. We won't let it go beyond that because like I said, we're in 3 business. We're in the reinsurance business, we're in the insurance business and with the mortgage insurance business, both insurance and reinsurance. So that's the 3 legs of the stool. It balances a little better. I used to balance on 2 legs. Now I got 3. But at the end of the day, we like to be diversified. We don't like to overload. I don't care if it's the cat business or anything else and put a lot of our eggs in one basket. And the way we structure that, if the opportunity is bigger, we have abilities to bring additional investors into the mix and not own 100% of the mortgage insurance enterprise. We can own 80% or 70% with other investor that showed interest to come and partner with us. So we got a lot of flexibility there. But my projections over the next 3 to 5 years, think of it as a 15% or 20% of our business. That -- if things happen the way I envision them to happen, that's what's going to be.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And would that you both on top line and operating income?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the top line is different than the P&C world, and it -- but on -- the operating income, once it gets into a steady state, it's going to be there and might be a little north of that.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. I think in the -- on that range of the 15% to 20%, I mean, there's so many unknowns. But to the extent that the core business gets harder, quicker. Of course, there's going to be more growth there relative to mortgage deterrents. Might be on the lower end of that 15% range. As the business stabilizes, though, there's a whole reason we went into it. It should become a higher proportion of the net income.
Charles J. Sebaski - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And -- but just a little different side. On the insurance business in the professional lines -- and you may have said this earlier, and I missed it. But sort of 2 out of the last 3 quarters, you're seeing some pullback. Is this on the basis of pricing not being adequate where you guys want or some sort of change or anything different going on and why we're seeing the contraction there.
Mark D. Lyons: It's exactly -- it's really what you said -- what we said the last couple of quarters. This was a purposeful pullback out of the U.K., Continental Europe and Australia mostly because we, through repeated attempts, could not get the rates that we were seeking. And with that inability to do it, it doesn't make sense. So we purposely decided to pull back, and you should expect to see that next quarter as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Byrnes from Janney Capital Markets.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Great. I guess in your press release, you noted that the underlying loss ratio in the reinsurance segment was kind of helped by the mix of more mortgage insurance business. Is that something you're going to look to do -- to continue doing next year? Just want to see if you guys have the appetite -- risk appetite to do it on both the insurance and reinsurance side going forward.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Let me -- I don't totally understand your question. The mortgage insurance will be a low loss ratio business. So as we write more of that, that will have the effect on the loss ratio on the reinsurance business because that's where we book it. But it's -- loss ratios, for us, it depends always on our mix. And since we're a company who changes mix more often than most, they -- the loss ratios -- that's why we focus more on profitability and combined ratios because the components of loss ratio, expense ratio, they're going to be moving around depending on what we do. What's coming in for the reinsurance business, it's -- is the transactions we did with one major mortgage insurer that we wrote a big quota share for them for 2 years in a row. And that -- it will continue to have that effect of lowering the loss ratio on the reinsurance sector. Now the second part of your question was?
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I mean, I'm just trying to figure out if you're writing on the reinsurance side, I guess I don't know the expense ratio, but it sounds profitable. Is it just the ramp why it will take 3 years on the insurance side? Just trying to figure out why it'd take...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Because you got to build the portfolio, and as you're building the portfolio, it's how you're earning the premium. Don't forget, the mortgage insurance duration is about 7 years, 6, 7 years, it depends because these are loans that mandated to buy mortgage insurance, but they have less than 20% down payment. And some of these loans, once the amortization schedule comes down to -- and they have more than 20% equity in the house, they drop the insurance because they're not required to have it. And for that reason -- but you getting a piece of the premium with every mortgage payment. So it will take you quite a bit of time to ramp it up. Now when you do a reinsurance transaction, you're already reinsuring an existing book that is already in steady state. That's the difference between the 2.
Mark D. Lyons: But I mean -- but if your question was, do you anticipate us continuing to write on both sides of the house, insurance and reinsurance, the answer is yes.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. So..
Ryan J. Byrnes - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. Sure, go ahead. Okay. I guess, so then just separated -- just one number's item. With the -- I guess it looks like it's about just under $40 million of non-premium left in the Tower transaction. Just want to figure out how we should think about how that will earn over the next couple of quarters. Is it mainly 4Q, 1Q, 2Q and then a little bit in 3Q, 4Q? Is that the right way to think about it?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, the non-premium depends when they wrote the business. They might have wrote it in the first quarter, second quarter, maybe even a bit in the fourth quarter of '12. So the fourth quarter in '12 already earned fully, right, because by the end of the third quarter of this year, it earned. So it earned in the -- in our third quarter this year. But what they wrote in the first and second quarter, will continue to earn until it cycles over the next year. All the policies that they wrote, they're -- are new policies. So the earning pattern is 12 months.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from BAM.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: First on the Tower transaction, obviously, you have that downgrade clause. It's been downgraded. Are you -- why are you still commissioned to this deal? Have you had any change of -- what would make you decide to back out given it got downgraded?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it's -- the business we underwrote, they were already wrote before they were downgraded, the bulk of it, right? It's the non-premium plus what they did in the third quarter. We don't know how much are going to write in the fourth quarter. But from an underwriting point of view, we -- and we don't expect them to deteriorate. They might have less volume because some people might not -- but they're not prepared as a company to go and just start slashing rates. In the condition they are, they're going to try to retain as much business as they have, and they try to maintain the rating structures they have. So that's our expectation. That's part of our discussions we have with them. But their fourth quarter business, highly unpredictable as to how much is it going to be. We were originally estimating about $17 million, $18 million for the fourth quarter. It might be less than that, significantly less, we don't know. Only time will tell, but overall, we're pleased with the entire transaction.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Got it. And then the other one on the investment portfolio. The -- Mark's comment about the equities and the alternatives sort of giving you protection from fixed income if interest rates go up. I guess I'm wondering, is that really the right way to think about it? I mean, it would seem the -- you get -- it's a probably reasonably consensus view that if interest rates go up, equity markets sell off, credit spreads gap out. It would seem they'd be all fairly highly correlated. So is it really going to protect you?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, but don't forget, you're assuming our alternative investments is in the equity world only. We have a lot of high-yield fixed income stuff that it will be uncorrelated with that. We have special funds that they invest in special situations. One that I can mention to you is we do the development and managing of parking spaces in China. So I don't think that correlates with anything. So we have some investors -- investments that they're in sectors that there, we have floating rates. So the investments will go and follow floating rates. So it's -- think about it as more, how much of our asset allocation should be in alternatives before we decide as to what type of alternatives we're going to do and what the expectation? A lot of what we do in alternative investments, we have an expectation of double-digit returns. So we're looking for 10% returns or better when we make these investments. That, of course -- there is -- you can be a fool if you're investing on something with expectation of 10%. You're taking a lot more risk, and we understand that. But it will supplement the less risky stuff we do that we're getting 2% return.
Mark D. Lyons: And there's already been a couple of quarters of -- exactly what Dinos just said about the performance and the extended performance of some of these alternatives as an ameliorating factor.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ron Bobman from Capital Returns.
Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC: Ian Gutterman asked my question.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It will be a quick one. The mortgage insurance opportunity, when you look 3 years out, when that could be accretive, what type of combined ratio assumption do you think is reasonable?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Don't think about combined ratios. Think about ROE. I think the business will produce mid-double-digit ROEs.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So does that mean midteens?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thanks, everybody. Enjoy your lunch, and looking forward to speaking with you next quarter. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes your conference call for today. Thank you for joining us, and you now may disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee , Member of Finance & Investment Committee and President of Arch Capital Group (US) Inc Mark D. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glen, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I'd like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Please proceed, gentlemen.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Glen, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We had a good second quarter from just about every perspective, with the exception of unrealized losses in our investment portfolio due to the rising investment yields. Earnings was solid, and our cat claim activity was modest relative to the significant level of industry losses experienced this quarter. Across the group, our premium revenue was essentially flat in the quarter, although there was a lot of movement in the pieces that I will get to in a few minutes. On an operating basis, we earned $0.99, which produced an annualized return on equity of 10.9% for the quarter. On a net income basis, we earned $1.26 per share, which corresponds to a 13.8% annualized return on equity. For reasons that I mentioned on our last call, which I won't repeat again, ROE based on net income was again significantly better than ROE on an operating income basis. Our reported underwriting results in the second quarter were excellent, as reflected by a combined ratio of 87.4, and they were aided by better-than-average performance on our cat underwriting, along with continued favorable reserve development on the rest of our book of business. Net investment income was $0.50 per share and essentially was flat on a sequential basis. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $183 million, a $70 million decrease from the same period last year due substantially to higher paid losses on prior year cats including Sandy. Our investment performance suffered this quarter due to a significant rise in rates and widening of credit spreads. Of course, in the last 2 weeks, credit spreads have come back, but as of the end of the quarter, we did suffer a bit. As a result, our book value per common share decreased by 2.3% to $36.80, while it increased by 6.8% relative to the second quarter of a year ago. The insurance market continues on its path of recovery with rates continuing to rise at roughly the same level as in the first quarter. In our insurance operations, which gives us a good indication because we have more granular data, we experienced rate increases in the quarter that based on our estimations, provided approximately 150 basis points of expected margin improvement. This is on an underwriting year basis. Rate changes in the U.S. range from a negative 300 basis points to as high as a positive 1,100 points. But I would like to emphasize that most lines average a positive 500 to 1,100 basis points improvement. The movement of business from the admitted market back to the E&S market continues. Last quarter, we mentioned our expansion into the binding authority insurance business that caters to smaller E&S accounts written through the wholesale distribution channels. The group -- this particular group is off to a great start. They are producing an increasing level of business and have begun to leverage Arch's distribution platform to access more opportunities. We expect them to contribute more meaningfully to our operations going forward. In our view on an absolute basis, while most long-tail casualty business still requires rate improvement to meet our return requirements, some segments, to our encouragement, are approaching rate adequacy within that block of business. With regards to new versus renewal pricing based on our monitoring systems, we saw no change on a relative basis from the indications that we shared with you in our last conference call a quarter ago. On the reinsurance side of the business, terms and conditions are generally stable, although as the profitability of the primary insurers and our customers has improved, clients have, at times, pressed successfully for additional ceding commissions. Generally, 1 to 2 points is the additional ceding commission that they gained on code of share transactions. On a consolidated basis, in the second quarter of 2013, gross written premiums were down 1.1% and net written premiums were down 1.2% year-over-year. Net written premiums of the Reinsurance segment were reduced by 13.1% while the Insurance segment grew their net written premiums by 8%. The reductions in the Reinsurance segment stem from property cat lines, other specialty and mortgage businesses. The lower level of property cat net premiums written relative to the second quarter of 2012 was due to the rate reductions, as well as to a decrease in capacity deployed and an increased use of retrocessions. The Insurance segment had a net written premium growth predominantly emanating from their U.S. operations, which represented approximately -- which represents approximately 75% of the worldwide volume this quarter. The U.S. operations grew net written premium by nearly 18%, partially offsetting strategic reductions elsewhere in the world. The U.S. growth came predominantly from program business, national accounts and new contract binding business, as well as construction and continued reduction in casualty lines, even though they're getting closer to meeting our return characteristics. Construction and National Account businesses have continued rate increases, very strong renewal retentions, strong new business generation, and we experienced ratable exposure growth in those sectors. Group-wide, on an expected basis, we continue to believe the ROE on the business we wrote this year will produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 11% to 13%. The underwriting margin improvements that I mentioned earlier will influence expected ROE positively, while the recent improvement in investment yields did not have a significant impact on expected ROEs as of yet. Before I turn it over to Mark, let me update you on the status of our previously announced agreement to purchase certain assets of PMI and CMG. On June 20, the Arizona receivership court approved the transaction. We're now working to obtain the necessary regulatory and other approvals required to complete the transaction. As part of the process, we're continuing our discussions with the GSEs in order to obtain their approval of Arch as an eligible mortgage insurance carrier. If those approvals are obtained, it is estimated that the transaction will close during the end of this year. It is worth noting that our cat PML aggregates reflect business bound through July 1, while the premium numbers included in our financial statements are through June 30. So when you make the comparison, you have to bear that in mind. As of July 1, 2013, our largest 250 year PMLs for a single event declined moderately to $858 million in the Northeast and it represents approximately 17.5% of common shareholders' equity and $746 million in the Gulf, where our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $606 million. Now I'm going to turn it over to Mark to comment further on our financial results, and then we'll come back and take your questions. Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Great. Thank you, Dinos, and good morning, all. Consolidated combined ratio for this quarter was 87.4%, with 4.8 points of current accident year cat-related events, net reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2012 second quarter combined ratio of 87.2%, which reflected only 1 point of cat-related events. Losses from 2013 second quarter catastrophic event net of reinsurance recoverables and reinstatement premiums totaled $36.3 million, primarily emanating from Moore, Oklahoma tornadoes and flooding events in Europe and Canada. The 2013 second quarter consolidated combined ratio also reflected 9.1 points of prior year net favorable development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses, compared to 8.6 points of prior period favorable development on the same basis in the 2012 second quarter. This results in a 91.7% current accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, for the second quarter of 2013, compared to a 94.7% accident quarter combined ratio on a like basis in the second quarter of 2012. The 2013 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats for the Reinsurance segment was 81.2% compared to 81.5% in the 2012 second quarter. In the Insurance segment, the 2013 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 98.6% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 103% even a year ago. The corresponding 2012 Insurance segment accident quarter combined ratio, however, reflected a higher level of large attritional loss activity of roughly 2.5 combined ratio points. Approximately 80% of the net favorable development in the 2013 second quarter was from the Reinsurance segment, with approximately 43% of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines concentrated in more recent underwriting years. Furthermore, roughly 6% of the Reinsurance segment's net favorable development was attributable to medium-tailed lines spaced throughout many underwriting years and about 51% due to net favorable development on longer-tailed lines primarily from the 2002 through 2006 underwriting years. The remaining 20% of net favorable development in this quarter was attributable to the Insurance segment and was primarily driven by short-tailed lines in the more recent accident years and medium-tailed lines across various accident years. Similarly to prior periods, approximately 69% of our consolidated $7 billion of total net reserves for losses in LAE are categorized as IBNR or additional case reserves, which is fairly consistent across both Reinsurance and Insurance segments. On a consolidated basis, the second quarter of 2013 expense ratio was identical to the prior year's comparative quarter, with a marginally lower net acquisition ratio offset by a marginally higher operating expense ratio. The marginal increase in the operating expense ratio reflects incremental expense due to certain platform expansions in both our reinsurance and insurance businesses and higher equity expense charges than in the second quarter of 2012. Our U.S. insurance operations achieved a positive 4.2% effective rate increase this quarter, which translates, as Dinos noted, to a margin expansion of 150 basis points over the second quarter of 2012. This average range from having margin contraction in some units, such as health care and professional liability, up to a positive 890 basis points improvement in our energy casualty operation. Other areas of note in margin expansion were the executive assurance middle market, E&S casualty and program businesses. These figures represent the excess of written effective rate increases over estimated loss trends and provide continuing evidence of improving market conditions. Property lines experienced a low single-digit rate increase this quarter and therefore, did not experience additional margin expansion. It's also important to understand that many insurance segment lines of business have experienced effective rate increases over an impressive amount of serial quarters. For example, although it's likely no surprise that wholesale and retail insurance property lines have seen 8 to 9 consecutive quarters of rate increases, it may not be apparent that other lines of business have experienced comparable results. Our specialty casualty, national account, workers' compensation businesses have experienced 9 successive quarters of rate increases, whereas our executive assurance middle market and alternative asset protection books, along with our retail constructions units have experienced 8 consecutive quarters of rate increases. Lastly, our excess workers' compensation and umbrella books have enjoyed 7 consecutive quarters of increases. As always, we make capital allocation decisions based on our view of the absolute returns and not relative improvement to loan. For example, although our Insurance Property businesses did not experience margin expansion this quarter, we continue to estimate healthy returns for this line. The ratio of net premium to gross premium in the quarter on a consolidated basis was 77.9% versus 78% even a year ago. In the Reinsurance segment, the net-to-gross ratio was 91.5% in 2013 second quarter compared to 94.3% a year ago, reflecting more retro purchases protecting their property book. The Insurance segment had a 71.3% net-to-gross ratio compared with 68.7% a year ago as a result of their ongoing strategy to grow the less volatile, smaller account businesses and reduce exposure in higher severity businesses. The total return on our investment portfolio was a reported negative 159 bps in the 2013 second quarter, primarily reflecting mark-to-market adjustment on fixed income securities. Excluding foreign exchange, total return was a negative 156 bps in this quarter. This quarter, unrealized losses of approximately $260 million overshadowed realized gains of $4.7 million, so the following commentary will focus on the unrealized. This quarter's unrealized loss of approximately $260 million is almost entirely due to changes in fixed income security valuations, driven by the rising interest rate environment and widening credit spreads, particularly in corporates and mortgages. This unrealized loss for the quarter represents 2.5% of the March 31, 2013 fixed income asset fair value. This percentage reduction range from a low of minus 1.3% for asset-backed securities to minus 3.4% for corporate bonds, although much of the portfolio clustered near minus 2.5%. It's worth noting that equities and alternative investments now account for 14.9% of investable assets as of June 30, 2013 versus 12.9% a quarter ago and 9.6% a year ago as of June 30, 2012. This allocation on a portfolio basis has the potential to ameliorate future impacts on fixed income securities from rising interest rates and widening credit spreads. Our embedded pretax book yield before expenses was 2.43% as of June 30, compared to 2.45% at March 31, 2013, while the duration of the portfolio lengthened slightly to 3.04 years, which continues to reflect our conservative position on duration in the current yield environment. Our exposure to Eurozone countries is listed in the supplement, with continued minimal exposure to countries undergoing severe economic hardship. Reported net investment income in the quarter was $68.4 million or $0.50 per share versus $65.7 million in the 2013 first quarter or $0.48 per share and $73.6 million or $0.53 a share in the comparable quarter a year ago. Our effective tax rate on pretax operating income for the second quarter of 2013 was an expense of 3.3% compared to a benefit of 0.3% in the second quarter of last year. Approximately 90 basis points or $1.3 million of the second quarter tax expense is associated with catch-up of the first quarter to this higher effective rate. Fluctuations in the effective tax rate can result from variability in the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction, along with forecast variances for the last 6 months of the 2013 year. Our total capital was $5.63 billion at the end of this quarter, down 1.8% relative to March 31 and up 1.1% relative to year end 2012. During this quarter, we repurchased 15.5 million of our common stock at an average 1.33x multiple to March 31, 2013 book value, which had a $0.03 impact on book value per share. Our debt-to-capital ratio remains low at 7.1%, and debt plus hybrids represent only 12.9% of our total capital structure which continues to give us significant financial flexibility. We also continue to estimate having excess capital in excess of our targeted capital position. Our book value per share was $36.80 at June 30, as Dinos noted, which still represents a 6.8% increase relative to 1 year ago, at June 30, 2012. This change in book value this quarter primarily reflects the company's continued strong underwriting results, offset by the negative impact of rising interest rates and widening credit spreads on fixed income securities. With this introductory comments, we're now pleased to take your questions.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Glen, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar, Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Two brief questions. First of all, just going back to the data points on pricing a new business on the insurance side, those are very helpful. I was wondering if you could also broadly talk about the impact of exposure on those lines, maybe just on some of your larger lines, if you're seeing any meaningful impact on that side too?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the exposure is customer by customer. Some customers, their business is showing -- starting to show some growth and we've seen some improvements, but it's not across the board. There is still a lot of customers that, from an exposure point of view, and where the economy is, they're suffering, were not seeing increased payrolls or increased sales, et cetera. So we -- but when we do our rate calculations, they're all exposure-based rate calculations and comparisons. But if your question is where the economy is going and if there's a lot more buying of our products, the answer is no. It's incrementally better than a year ago, but this economy is not moving at a high degree of new exposures. And the customers, we haven't -- sometimes, you can get them to purchase either additional layers or additional limits, and we don't see that either. They're pretty conservative in their purchasing.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: I didn't phrase that question properly. I guess, what I was trying to ask is, if rates are, as you've said, are approaching adequacy, do you feel that exposure growth will still result in a positive sequential trend line? I guess, that's what I was trying to ask, and I think in some ways, you did answer the question.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, from a rate point of view, the more business that you get close to adequacy, to maintain the same ROE performance, then from that point on, you don't need extraordinary rate increases. You need rate increases that will cover loss cost escalations. So as long as we're covering trend or we're ahead of trend, then we're very happy to write the business and continue to renew it. So -- and in prior calls, we talked about we have green lights, yellow lights and red lights, depending on the products that we put in the marketplace. We're seeing very few reds and more getting into yellow, that means write it with caution and more getting into green, which will allow our divisions to grow their business. Mark, do you want to add anything?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. Thank you, Dinos. Just a potential clarification. In the insurance group, in the U.S., it's 75% of the insurance group where we have all the deep detail. You kind of think of the aggregate rate versus premium growth this way in the U.S. Rate was roughly 4.5%. It might be, to Dinos' point, marginal increase in exposure on same-store account, maybe 4% to 5% of that growth is new business, which is new aggregate exposure, but not growth in exposure within the existing accounts. And then the balance, because you're looking at net written premium, you have to take into account the change in the net-to-gross, which bumps up the increase in the change in net written.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And then you've got to deduct the business that you have lost to get to your aggregate exposures.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Yes, you did answer my question. Sorry, I didn't phrase it properly. The only other question I had was your discussion on excess capital. On another call earlier today, we were talking about third party capital, new capital, whatever you want to call it. Perhaps looking at other avenues including casualty reinsurance risk versus traditional prop cat, I'm curious, a, what's your view on that, and b, would Arch be interested in something like that potentially down the road?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, first, my view is that capital formation will take different kinds of forms. It's more difficult from a biased perspective -- customer perspective to create those structures on the casualty line because in casualty lines, due to their long nature of the tail, it requires more of a permanent capital. It's not capital that you can put in towards a period of time that is in need and then withdraw it when there is other ample capacity. So my view is eventually, some of the structures even in casualty, they will be created, but it will have more permanency to the capital. And don't forget, in the casualty area, you need to have significant underwriting capability for the model to work. So as a company, we're interested in those structures. We had, over the years, many different discussions with different parties, and if we find the right structure that benefits our shareholders, we'll do it. But that's basically where we are.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski, Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Maybe a follow-up on Amit's question, and I may be nitpicking here. Dinos, in the prepared remarks, I believe you cited primary insurance pricing trending in excess of loss cost by 150 basis points.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wrote down last quarter you had said that it was trending in excess of loss cost by 300 basis points.
Constantine P. Iordanou: That's also correct.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So is the client being driven by new entrants into the E&S marketplace? Or maybe you can comment on why that's changed.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. I think, as Mark said, and I'll turn it over to him, you're not going to get consecutive -- you're not going to get rate increases escalating by 8%, 10% forever. So at some point in time, you will see that the market works in peculiar ways, when certain lines of business, they get to rate adequacy. To us, rate adequacy is to produce 15% ROE. Once you get there, as I said, the only thing you need is you try to make sure that you're getting enough rate to cover the loss trend, because loss trend will escalate. And as long as you're above it, you have an improved environment. So there is, I think, in the aggregate, Mark, you know the numbers better than I do, we probably lost on average about 1 point. If we aggregate all of our business, the rate increases we got in the first quarter versus the rate increases we got in the second quarter, they might have been 1 percentage point less in the second quarter, but it's still an improvement because it's on top of what we got a year ago and 2 years ago. And when you look at it from that perspective, the ROE on an underwriting year basis on that business we write today will be a little bit better, and that's what we try to estimate that 150 basis points. Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: That's a great point. One of the reasons I talked about the serial changes for like 8 or 9 quarters is at the right quarter, you're now approaching your third increase, which is why you're going to start to get some of these adequacy. But a lot of this still comes down to mix from one quarter to next -- to a different quarter. We would have had more insurance property, which flattened out a little bit more this quarter. But if for example we felt that more of the E&S casualty business had gone over the goal line to 15%, that unit experienced 9.5% rate increase in the last quarter, that didn't open the floodgate yet, but as Dinos said, it's starting to approach that. We start contributing some of that businesses, as it goes over the goal line, you're going to see the effective rate changes increase because of the weighting impact of that unit.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that helps. Are you saying, Dinos and Mark, that a lot of these lines have reached rate adequacy, meaning a 15% projected ROE?
Constantine P. Iordanou: We didn't say all. As I said, we still have product lines in the yellow, which means you've got to be selective and do it with caution. To us, a green light is a product line or a division that we believe that the marketplace is allowing them to underwrite to 15%. Still quite a bit of what we do is in there. As I said, I gave that 11% to 15% ROE depending -- and the reason we give a range is because we don't know how the mix is going to come in. But that means there's still a lot of business that is in the high single-digit ROE and low double-digits in order to average 11% to 13%. We don't -- we have lines of business, they're in the green, but we do have some in the red still, and we still have more and more in the yellow.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. Lastly on investment income. You guys have done a good job on the book yields and on just overall investment income levels. Do you expect the recent rise in new money yields to be a material benefit on a prospective basis?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Mark, you want to...
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. I think to kick that off, we view that the new money rates in this quarter compared prior was about a 50 basis point move up. And that's beneficial. But the range Dinos quoted, 11 to 13, all it really does is change the placement within that range more than anything else. So it depends on how sustained it turns out to be.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. And we've been guarding against rising interest rates for a long time. We're keeping the portfolio short in duration and also high credit quality. So in essence, we might take the unrealized, but it will unwind itself within the duration of the portfolio pretty quickly. So if rates move up, it will be beneficial to us, and I guess, most of our competitors. It depends what happens to the underwriting side of the business. Will the underwriting then get adjusted because we're getting more yield, or people, they say, no, let's keep the same underwriting margin because -- and yield will be a margin improvement. So I don't know. I can't predict the future and I can't predict behavior. But I can tell you a rising interest rate environment even though it's negative early on, it gets very positive for us.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Maybe I can just -- in more simple terms then. So if current interest rates stay where they are, and you talked about 50 basis points increase in new money yields, do you expect the portfolio to increase by 50 basis points?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, again, it depends on what mix of business that we wind up with, but you really have to layer on the duration of that on top of it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And also the portfolio turn over, it's what's coming off from the prior years, what's maturing and what gets reinvested. But I can tell you, there is also a shift in our allocations, as Mark, to alternative investments and assets. So that's the reason I went through that whole explanation why our net income is different than our operating income. Because as we're increasing allocations into alternative investments including equities, et cetera, some of it is not going to come as investment income, it's going to come to us over time as realized capital gain. So it's not easy to answer your question with a simple answer and say, yes, it's going to improve by 50 bps. But looking at the fixed income portion of what we do and not taking into consideration how much is rolling off and coming and gets reinvested, anything that is new, and we're putting in fixed income has a 50 bps improvement, I don't know if that's a quarter of the portfolio, I haven't done those calculations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi, Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess one question is within the reinsurance book. All else equal, would you expect to continue to reduce capacity that you're gearing towards property cat as the year progresses? And would you expect to be moving that into either other areas of reinsurance or just taking the opportunity to write more insurance at the same time?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Listen, there is nothing that we do because we move from one to the other because we're in an excess capital position. So basically, all of our units can have all the capital they want as long as they can deploy profitably. So let's start with that because I'm not stressed out that I have to take from Peter to pay Paul. If Peter and Paul can give me very good returns, they get all the capital they want. Now having said that, our market conditions will influence as to how much we do on the reinsurance sector, independent if it's U.S. cat or international cat or whatever, we look at transaction after transaction. And we see what we believe their profitability is and do we like it, and then we write that business. As you can see, we're at 17.5% of common equity as the highest 250 year peak zone, so we have plenty of room. We're authorized by the board to go all the way up to 25%. So from a capital point of view, from a capacity point of view, we have more, it's only the market will allow us to do more or less. Now you're asking me to predict how the market is going to behave. I don't know. It depends on that behavior and would tell you that if rates continue to go down, we'll adjust accordingly and if the rates go up, we will adjust. Also, sometimes we're sellers and sometimes we're buyers. And we did buy more this quarter. It gives us more protection. It smooths out the volatility within our book of business, and we felt we were getting good deals. I'm sure the people who sold it to us, they also think they're good deals, but people can have difference on opinion on that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. One question I had, I saw recently the New York MTA floated an insurance bond which it sold to the capital market. Is that -- it seems to me, and I could be wrong, but I think it's one of the first insurance market transactions that are just specifically outside of property cat reinsurance. Is that important as a development? I mean, again, I realize it's very small, or is that something that do you think sort of will happen from time to time?
Constantine P. Iordanou: They will happen from time to time. It's not significant. Even in the cat market today, which they've been at it since after Katrina, which is 7, 8 years, it's not a significant part of the capital formation. Still, traditional capital and those type of transactions, they're preferred by most customers. The -- some of the specialized companies, they're unrated, they're fully collateralized vehicles, they're reissuing similar coverage as the rest of us, and that is capacity that you have to worry about. The cat bonds, they've been around for a long time but they're not a significant part of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb, Barclays Capital.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I had a couple in terms of business volume trends. The first would be the pull back in reinsurance premiums. I understand that reflects, to some extent, market conditions. I'm trying to get a sense of whether you think you'll still see growth in premium volume for the year. So that's first for reinsurance. And then second, can you talk a little bit more about within the Insurance segment, the growth in the program business? And I have a follow-up.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. Let me start with reinsurance. Reinsurance is a lumpy business and it's hard to predict what's going to happen. Let me start. We had reductions in 3 sectors, right? One, it was mortgage, but that's kind of comparing apples to oranges. If you go back when we reported a quarter ago, a year ago for the second quarter, you will know that we had kind of an incoming portfolio because on the mortgage reinsurance, we had premiums from November, December, first quarter and second quarter that we booked. And now, the second part, it was the U.K. motor that we set. As long as we believe the business is profitable, we'll stick with it. If it's not, we'll let others do it. And as you can see, there is more competition in that line, so we have switched to write more excess of loss, not as much quota share, so that affects the premium production. But I don't know if that's a predictor as to what's going to happen into the future. By its nature, you can write 1 or 2 new contracts and you can change the trajectory. And the reason we don't give guidance and all that is because I can't predict the future. I mean, our whole principle is we're going to underwrite and we have a big appetite, but it's got to have profitability before we do it. So I'm not trying to avoid your question there, but I'm just telling you, Jay, how we operate. The second part, it was the Insurance group. We believe we have a great program division. You heard from some of our major competitors who write package business, and these are very good companies like the job or the travelers, et cetera, and they're getting good rate increases. And that's the sector that our program's administrators compete with. Because they write, even though they specialize covers for a certain kind of customers, they're in that market, and we have been experiencing very good rate increases, which, in essence, gives us more revenue, but also new exposures, winning additional customers. And that business, it's been behaving extremely well for us for all the last 10, 11 years. So we're glad that, that is growing. And our binding authority business, which is the level below that, which is -- these are average 5,000 per policy premiums, the small E&S accounts, and that business is going through market improvement from a rate point of view and through the teams that we have and also the very broad distribution capability that we have for other relationships that Arch has with wholesalers is really going very well. That unit, I think, is up to about $1 million a week in production, which is ahead of our projections.
Mark D. Lyons: And one thing I can add, Jay, is that on the program business that Dinos noted in the contract binding business and why I always bring mix up, the growth in that, if that's above average growth, it's going to really impact the growth in the net written because that's virtually 100% net business. So it's not like we're growing in line where we're feeding reinsurers heavily. So those kinds of things alter the net pretty dramatically.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, it's small limits. We keep it 100% net, and it all sticks to the ribs.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then switching gears to capital management, the pace of buybacks has been pretty modest so far this year. Should we expect anything before 4Q?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. Third quarter, we don't like to buy because of the cat exposure that we have. That will be an issue on the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith, Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: This is Vinay Misquith. A few questions here. First is just a numbers question on the mortgage reinsurance and the U.K. motor. So I presume those lower premiums had also negatively impacted third and fourth quarter. Do you have a sense for how much is going to negatively impact third and fourth quarter for those 2?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the mortgage is a comparison issue. You were comparing a fat quarter a year ago to -- on a written, not on a number basis. So basically, I don't think that has an effect as we move to the third, fourth, first quarter from a year-to-year comparison, right? The motor is -- will be coming down about proportionately on the same basis for the third and fourth quarter because we have cut back our capacity in that line.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So do you have a number on that by any chance?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I don't have all the treaties in front of me calculating numbers, but...
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. The second thing is actually more of a philosophical question. I think your company, and I think you, Dinos, has taken the stance that we'll wait for the market to turn, and on the event it's sufficiently turned, will sort of go after growth. And you've hinted the fact that more is green now versus red, and that's interesting. But there's recent discussion out there that maybe we're reaching the end of the rate increases. So just a philosophical question. Do you think that you can actually now grow or take advantage of the opportunities or do you think that now that pricing is reaching sort of adequacy, that there'll be more competition?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I can't -- like you're asking me first a philosophical question. Let me answer that first and then get to the predictions, which I don't like to make predictions. But on a philosophical point of view, this is the same playbook we have been running Arch for the last 12 years. Business is in the red, you better justify everything that you do. If it's in the yellow, you'll be very careful. If it's in the green, write as much as you can get to. As I said, there is more in the yellow and there is some moving into the green, and that's why you see growth especially -- and that is more of a phenomenon in the United States. I don't think the European markets have moved yet. So the price corrections, they're mostly in North America, U.S. and a bit in Canada. But having said that, once you get to rate adequacy in our view and you're getting enough rate increases, maybe smaller than before but it's ahead of trend, you'd be stupid if you're not trying to write as much as you can, so we're going to have that approach. We're going to try to write as much as we can. Having said that, I don't know how the competitors are going to react. They might -- because rates go up and down depending on what I do versus somebody looking at the same account from a competitor's point of view. So if rates start going down, then you're going to see us pulling back again. Because our whole mentality is let's look at treaty by treaty on the reinsurance side, account by account on the insurance side, does it meet our return characteristics and then -- we're not governed by volume. We're not a volume-driven company. I have no production goals for any one of my divisions, they don't get compensated on production. They only get compensated on return on equity. And it's my problem to make sure that our capital gets utilized properly. So if they can write a lot, I gave them the capital, if they can't write as much, then I have to deal with capital, excess capital issue at the holding company.
Mark D. Lyons: And one other -- Vinay, one other little insight will be I made a comment that the E&S casualty book was up 9.5% in the quarter. And there's been prior quarters where it's been similar. We did have chosen not to play in there yet because it hasn't gotten to the green, but it's approaching it. So there's been no evidence, strong evidence of that abating.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just as a follow-up to that. Your primary insurance operation, you want to keep about 70% net. Do you think you're going to raise your retention on primary business now that it's improving?
Mark D. Lyons: Don't mislead yourself. That's a premium comparison, not a limit or exposure comparison. Remember, we chose to grow contract binding business, program businesses, lenders businesses, things that don't put out a lot of capacity, and therefore, we take as frequency basis and we're more comfortable taking that risk assumption in-house. The fact that D&O businesses and hospital professional businesses have capacity up to 25 million in the U.S. simply means we haven't deployed as much, but they may still be reinsured to the same level until we're comfortable of where the returns are.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But if you've seen the trend for the last few quarters, our net-to-gross is increasing, so we're getting more net. Because what we're actually selling, what we're actually selling is more low limits, primary small accounts business, and that we keep 100% net. There's no reinsurance around behind that.
Mark D. Lyons: And to emphasize, Dinos has made a point before that this is U.S. centric. Secondly, the Bermuda insurance market has a lot of global and a lot of U.S. companies that are very complex, and they buy a lot of capacity. The businesses we're growing in the U.S. don't make it Bermuda because they're very low limits. So you're not seeing those kinds of increases yet out of the Bermuda facility.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just one last question if I may. From the ROE of 11% to 13%, what amount of that can we see sort of hit the bottom line as an operating item? Because you have excess capital and like you have for certainty, returns on the equity portfolio. So how should we translate that into really the bottom line operating ROE?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, if you don't know how much excess capital I have, you can't make that calculation because we take the S&P AA level capital, and that's what we allocate to the operating units. Everything else -- of course, we allocate some capital to the investment department, we expect alpha from the investment department for the capital we allocate. Don't forget, we do the ROE on the operating units on the risk rate of return when I allocate capital. So it's a combination of that. Our excess capital is not significant, it's not 20% of the book. It fluctuates. But it's been around 10% of our total capital. So you can do the calculation. It might affect it because the underwriting ROEs, we do allocate our capital to the operating units, and that's when -- and the underwriters, they get compensated on that ROE because I don't want to give them excess capital, bring down the ROE specifically to 1 division and affect their compensation negatively because I'm going to go out and try to find business to write and then that's business that I don't want on the books if they don't have the proper return. So we try to align their interests by giving them the right amount of capital, AA capital, let them operate and we hold them responsible to their performance to that. So it's an old formula, it works. It's like doing cheeseburgers on a Greek diner. I used to do that when I was in college.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Locraft, Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You guys released your global triangles in the quarter? Just wanted to see if there is anything in particular that you wish to call out. They looked pretty strong, continue to be strong and I don't know if there's any lines or anything that are worth mentioning?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Mark, do you have any? I like what we released, and I like the taste of that meal, too.
Mark D. Lyons: I have nothing to add.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hall, Wells Fargo.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: In your commentary, you talked about the long-tail casualty meeting rate in some segments, but some hitting adequacy. I was just wondering if you'd share what some of those segments are?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, it's pretty simple. I think lead umbrella is still shy of adequacy. Don't forget, we still have ancient attachment points like auto attaching excess of $1 million and even long-haul trucking sometimes, they are attaching excess of $2 million, which is to me, you're in the buffer area, we're not in the lead umbrella area. And so -- but even if you get over $25 million or so, and the area that we see on -- small, medium-sized accounts and all that, that's the area that -- now that excess, it's still not the excess that goes to the global market, Bermuda, London, et cetera, that -- the Fortune 2000, per se. But Mid-America and those kind of accounts on the excess, they're starting to whet our appetite, where the lead umbrella is not yet where we want to be. And then we like some of the primary. It's sector by sector, it's different exposures, different customer groups. But those are the primary E&S, the first $1 million of exposure over either deductibles or SIRs. So we got the primary we like and we got kind of mid excess that we like, we don't like the umbrellas, lead umbrella, et cetera. But we're watching it and we're measuring it. And I'm not saying we're right, it's just one company's opinion, I mean that's what makes the marketplace. But I do pay a lot of guys a lot of money to make sure that they keep monitoring, monitoring, monitoring and making decisions. We're not going to make everything and be correct in every decision we make, but we try very hard.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. Understood. And I just want to ask about the mortgage insurance acquisition. I guess, when you first started doing all your work, the field was not very crowded and the incumbents were pretty beaten up. And by the time you closed at the end of the year and then frictional startup and the like, it's going to be pretty far out there when you really start ramping up in that business. I guess the question is, will the opportunity that you saw 6 or 12 months ago be there in another 12 or 18 months?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. I mean, we wouldn't have gotten into that, in the permanency of such, if we didn't think the runway is 7 to 10 years out. Don't forget, if I thought the market opportunity was temporary, I would have start just with reinsurance transactions so I can do them when they are needed 1 or 2 or 3 years, and then move on when they're not needed. We view that marketplace, the need for good capacity with -- and the field is not crowded. It's going to be 6 or 7 of us in a field that has potential to expand significantly, especially depending what our legislators do in Washington as they're trying to push more and more of the credit risk to the private market instead of government-sponsored enterprises, et cetera. FHA still is the predominant insurer with maybe, I don't know if they dropped below 60% of the market, but they still have 60% of the market. In normal conditions, it's supposed to be the insurer of last resort, kind of the assigned risk and they're in the 15% to 18% market share. So we got a long way to go, and we view the opportunity today as good as it was 6 months ago. And we wouldn't have moved towards that if we didn't think this as a 7 to 10-year horizon in front of it. A lot of things can happen and that might change, but that's our view for the present time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. Mark, can you talk about the difference now between the new money yields and your portfolio yield, assuming you're investing in a similar asset class?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, broadly speaking, I mean, we quoted the embedded yield on fixed income, which as Dinos said, is a piece of the action, at 243 bps, which is pretty flat serially from the last quarter. The 50 bps improvement that we quoted is really about all I'm prepared to really comment on. But since we're a total return focused entity, and that's total return irrespective of the geography of where it's put and irrespective of the asset classes, it's hard for us to answer that question without the alternative investments side and everything else coming into play. So...
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, we can make our own assumptions on the alternative, but the fixed income is still a big portion of the portfolio, so that's why...
Constantine P. Iordanou: But, Jay, you don't know how much is rolling on and off. Don't forget, you're getting maturities that you got to reinvest so you got to see what to reinvest. And I don't have those numbers in front of me, but maybe we can do some calculations and share some comments. Give us a call and then we'll go through it with you.
Mark D. Lyons: But if I count on the geography, it's more -- it's more as more treasuries and other things roll, it's going to be higher coupon. You guys tend to focus more on the income statement, NII, which is going to get some benefit from it. As Dinos said earlier, over the term of the duration of the portfolio, it's going to unwind itself. But geography basis, you're going to see some improvement because of the higher coupon.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right, right. I guess, the second question is really a follow-up on the insurance pricing question where you suggested that the price increase decelerated a bit in the quarter. But pointing out that it's still good to get increases above claims inflation, which is clearly true, I guess the concern that the equity market had is that, this is a trend we will see for the next 2 or 3 quarters, and whatever cushion there is in pricing is going away pretty quickly. So my question to you is, while you did see the deceleration -- say that again?
Constantine P. Iordanou: That premise is not what we've said. But go ahead, finish your question.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's definitely the question. I mean the question is the tone that you're seeing in the market, the behavior you're seeing, does it really represent -- do you see a big change in how your competitors have been behaving that would make you nervous that this slide, if you will, will continue?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. We don't see aggressive behavior, so to speak, in the marketplace. I think, people, they are pushing for improved terms and pricing on the primary market. Also, we see the trend that we mentioned that the primary insurers don't want to share as much of that with the reinsurers. And they say, hey, you guys had pretty good numbers for a long time. We need the improvement so you got to stick to our ribs so pay us a little more ceding commission if you want our business and we see that. But this is an improving environment. And on account, even though you're not getting the same rate increase that you've got a year ago, it doesn't mean on an absolute basis is marginally better. And as long as that continues, that's a good thing. And I hear about the second term derivative BS and all that and at the end of the day, maybe those are trying to be predictors of what's going to happen into the future. I don't know what's going to happen into the future. But as long as we're getting, as an industry, and we are, we're getting price increases that are ahead of claim inflation, I think things are getting better, not worse, and there is no other way to interpret it. If people have a crystal ball and they say, this now is going to go into a dive and the rate increases are going to be below, claims inflation, you can get into a different conclusion. But there is no evidence in anything that we see or anything else that every competitor has reported that is pointing to that.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. If I could squeeze in one more question. The expense ratio in the reinsurance side, the G&A expense ratio, was up a little bit. And one of the things you mentioned in the release was some investments in that business. Can you talk more about that, exactly what those...
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's very simple. You guys read 8-K sometimes but you don't pay a lot of attention to it. We did a big retention run at year-end, so there is equity cost that is coming through and especially if you're familiar with accounting rules, and believe me, I've got so many accountants I take 3 Advils every time I meet with them. If a lot of our employees, they're retirement eligible, you got to take that cost in 1 year immediately, so you can't spread it over the 5-year cliff vesting and all that, that we have. And second, we had beefed up some of our teams, both on the starting to hire on the mortgage side and starting to hire in health -- the life reinsurance sector, a few individuals and, of course, on the insurance side, we brought a big team. We're just starting to produce already in the contract binding business. So the retention run, it was done for the right reasons. We have good employees, and we want to retain them, and we create another obstacle for competition to take them. And we are paying for it and we're happy about it. But that's the 2 explanations. There is nothing more into those numbers other than those 2 things.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thank you for giving us the time and the opportunity, and we're looking forward to seeing you and talking to you next quarter. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou - Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Strategy Committee, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance & Investment Committee and President of Arch Capital Group (US) Inc Mark D. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ryan J. Byrnes - Langen McAlenney Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2013 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Allison, and I will be you're operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management first wants to remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Please proceed, gentleman.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Allison. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. We began the year with an excellent first quarter from just about every perspective. Earnings was solid, cat activity was benign, as they say, thank you, God, and premium growth occurred in lines where we can produce attractive ROEs. On an operating basis, we earned $1.17 per share, which produced an annualized 13.9% return on equity for the first quarter. On a net income basis, we earned $1.85 per share, which corresponds to a 20.4% annualized ROE. This trend of net ROE exceeding operating ROE has changed for Arch since '08, when we began allocating more of our investable assets to alternative investments that, in many cases, need to be accounted under the equity method. If we had made these investments directly and not through third-party fund managers, the yield from these fixed assets -- high-yield income assets would have been accounted as investment income. Over the past 4 years, our annual operating ROE has trailed our net ROE by an average of 5.2%. By comparison, for the '02 to '08 period, operating ROE, on average, exceeded net ROE by 1.9%. Of course, I want remind you, net income remains more volatile than operating income, as foreign exchange, equity markets and interest rate movements affect market valuation -- market values. However, our shift to alternative investments over the past few years has enabled Arch to enhance total return and book value accretion. Our reported results in the first quarter were excellent, aided by the lack of cat activity, favorable reserve developments and accident year improvements, as reflected by a combined ratio of 84.6%. Our investment performance was also good, as we achieved a total return of 50 basis points, including the effects of foreign exchange, despite a slight upward movement of interest rates during the quarter. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $205 million, an increase of $61 million over a year ago. Our book value per common share increased 4.1% to $37.66 at March 31, and increased by 13% relative to the first quarter of the year ago. The insurance market continues to recover, with noticeable improvements in rates from last quarter. In our Insurance operations, which gives us a good indication because we have more granular data, we experienced rate increases in the quarter over 300 basis points in excess of loss trend, exceeding last quarter's written margin improvement by 100 bps. These improvements, on a line-by-line basis, ranged from a minus 100 basis points, as some lines still get rate reductions, to as high as a positive 1,600 basis points. The movement of business from the admitted market back to the E&S market is ongoing. This provides us with additional opportunities. And in March of this year, we expanded our underwriting platform in the excess and surplus lines market by starting a binding authority insurance facility that caters to small accounts, written through the wholesale distribution channel. This platform expansion has been in our plans for some time now, but the right combination of available talent and a favorable market environment led us to act now. In our view, on an absolute basis, most long tail casualty business, based on current interest rate environment, still requires more rate improvement to meet our return requirements. Regarding new versus renewal pricing, our monitoring systems indicate the tales of 2 cities. In certain lines, new business pricing is stronger than renewal pricing. For our book of business, this is true for approximately 1/3 of our product lines. Unfortunately, 2/3 of them, which is the remaining of the book, is still showing weaker new business pricing relative to renewal pricing. As a general premise, as a general rule, the long tail product lines have new business pricing that is weaker than renewal pricing. On a consolidated basis, gross premiums were up 9.1% and net written premium were up 10.3% for the first quarter this year. Looking at growth by segment, the Insurance Group global premium was flat on a gross basis and rose 3% on a net basis, as we reduced our participation in our U.K. professional facility due to the lack of positive rate movement in the European markets. The Reinsurance Group's premium volume was up 25% on a gross basis and 20% on net. These increases primarily resulted from several opportunities, generally emanating from the same sectors we mentioned in our call last quarter. Group-wide, on an expected basis, we believe the ROE on the business we wrote this year, we will produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 11% to 13%. The underwriting margin improvements that I mentioned earlier will affect expected ROE positively, as they will more than offset the reduction in expected investment yield reductions. During the first quarter, we repurchased 931,000 shares at a cost of $41 million. We remain in excess capital position and our position has been, and it continues to be, to return excess capital to shareholders, unless we can deploy it effectively in our business. As we have discussed before, we always take several factors into consideration, including where our stock is trading relative to our expectations of forward ROE. Before I turn it over to Mark, let me update you on our agreement to purchase certain assets of PMI and CMG, and also provide an update on our PMLs. Earlier this year, we announced that Arch is seeking to purchase certain assets of PMI and CMG. We're in the process of attempting to obtain the required approvals from various regulators, the Arizona receivership court and the GSEs. This process takes time. If the approvals are obtained, we will not expect the transaction to close until at least the latter part of this year. The current hearing day with the Arizona receivership court is set for May 20, but this date is subject to change. We also cannot predict the timing of any decision by the court since that will be driven by the court process. Now let me update you on our cat PML aggregates. As of April 1, 2013, our largest 250-year PMLs for a single event were basically unchanged, with $886 million in the Northeast or 18% of common shareholder's equity, with $798 million in the Gulf, where our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $582 million. Early indications, and we're still doing a lot of work in this area of RMS version 13, suggest that the model will reduce wind PMLs, ranging from 0 to down 10% in peak zones compared to our proprietary view. Northeast and Tri-County PMLs would decline by approximately 5%, where the Gulf of Mexico exposures will be roughly flat. Other areas will be reduced by approximately 10%. With that, let me turn it over to Mark to comment further on our financial results. Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Great. Thank you, Dinos, and good morning, everyone. The consolidated combined ratio for this quarter, as Dinos has mentioned, is 84.6%, with 1.5 points of current accident year cat related events that are net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2012 first quarter combined ratio of 90.1%, which reflected 3.4 points of cat related events. Net losses from 2003 (sic)[ 2013 ] first quarter catastrophic events totaled $11.2 million, primarily emanating from Australian tropical storm Oswald. As for 2012 Super Storm Sandy, our current estimate remains consistent with our view last quarter. The 2013 first quarter consolidated combined ratio also reflected 7.1 points of prior year net favorable development, net of reinsurance and related acquisition expenses, compared to an identical 7.1 points of prior period development on the same basis in the 2012 first quarter. This results in a 90.2% current accident year combined ratio excluding cats for the first quarter of 2013, compared to 93.8% accident year combined ratio in the first quarter of 2012. Approximately 90% of the net favorable development in the 2013 first quarter was from the Reinsurance segment, with approximately 70% of that due to net favorable development on short-tailed lines concentrated in the more recent underwriting years, despite further upward development in 2012 crop losses, which amounted to 3.3 points on the Reinsurance segment's first quarter loss ratio. Furthermore, roughly 12% of the Reinsurance segment's net favorable development was attributable to medium-tailed lines spaced throughout many underwriting years, at about 18%, due to net favorable development on longer-tailed lines, primarily from the 2002 to 2005 underwriting years. The remaining net favorable development in the 2013 first quarter was attributable to the Insurance segment and was mainly driven by shorter-tailed lines. Similar to prior periods, approximately 68% of our $7 billion of total net reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses are IBNR or additional case reserves, which is a fairly consistent ratio across both the Reinsurance and Insurance segments. On a consolidated basis, the first quarter of 2013 expense ratio was 50 points lower relative to the prior year's comparable quarter, wholly due to a lower net acquisition expense ratio. This net reduction of 50 points was due to an amalgam of forces such as the overall Insurance/Reinsurance mixture; the excess of loss versus pro rata blend in the Reinsurance segment; the wholesale versus retail versus managing general agent mix in the Insurance segment, along with the Insurance segment's changing net-to-gross ratio; premium tax shifts between admitted and not admitted; and the ongoing, commented upon every quarter, strategic shift towards smaller account business, which carries a higher commission ratio. The other operating expense ratio was flat relative to the first quarter of 2012, but improved 80 basis points relative to the fourth quarter of 2012 on a sequential basis. This improvement occurred despite the incremental additions to expense due to select platform expansions in both our Reinsurance and Insurance businesses. The ratio of net premium to gross premium in the quarter on a consolidated basis was 81.9% versus 81% even, a year ago. In the Reinsurance segment, the net-to-gross was 94.1% in the 2013 first quarter compared to 98.1% a year ago, reflecting more retro purchases, protecting their property book. The Insurance segment had a 73.2% ratio compared to 71.3% a year earlier as a result of their ongoing strategy to grow the less volatile, smaller account businesses and reduced exposure in higher severity businesses. Overall, on a consolidated basis, the first quarter of 2013, as Dinos has mentioned, saw a 9.1% gross written premium growth and 10% growth on the net written basis. The Reinsurance segment grew by 20%, whereas the Insurance segment grew by approximately 3%. In the Reinsurance segment, the 2013 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats, was 79.2% compared to 82.8% in the 2012 first quarter. The Reinsurance segment's results this quarter reflect changes in the mix of business on a written basis, with a higher contribution from mortgage reinsurance, multiline and life businesses than in the first quarter of 2012. Net written premium growth of approximately 20% was seen throughout both the treaty and the facultative units. The 2013 first quarter results for the Reinsurance group, as has been true since the 2012 second quarter, includes the effect of the April 2012 acquisition of the international credit and surety operations of Ariel RE, out of Zurich, Switzerland. Net premiums earned for this acquisition for the 2013 first quarter were approximately $12 million, with the remaining on a premium reserve, as of March 31, of $24 million. I will likely not comment on this during the call -- during the next call, as both year second quarters will have had the acquisition reflected. In the Insurance segment, the 2013 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cat, was 97.9% compared to an accident quarter combined ratio of 99.7% a year ago. This improvement is primarily due to core margin expansion on an earned basis and mix of business changes. Margin expansion in our core U.S. Insurance operations continued this quarter, with a weighted average 330-basis-point improvement over the first quarter of 2012. As Dinos has mentioned, this average ranged from having margin contraction in some units such as healthcare, up to 1000 to 1600 basis point core margin improvements in construction, excess comp and some specialty casualty lines. Even lines of business experiencing margin contractions still achieved positive effective rate increases this quarter. These figures represent the excess of written effective rate increases over estimated loss trends and provide continuing evidence of improving market conditions. As always, we make mix of business decisions based on our view of the absolute returns and not relative improvements alone. The Insurance segment had net written premium growth predominately emanating from the U.S. operations, which represents approximately 70% of the worldwide volume. The U.S. operations grew net written premium by 11.4%, with partially offsetting reductions elsewhere around the world, as Dinos has noted. The U.S. growth came predominately from programs, construction, national accounts and A&H businesses, with a continued reduction in U.S. casualty lines and declines in tech risk across all geographies. The program unit saw growth primarily from underlying "same store" ratable exposure increases, reflecting improvements in economic conditions, compounded by an improving level of rate increase. Additionally, some newer and regained programs have experienced ramp up traction compared to a year ago. Construction and national account businesses had exceptional renewal retentions, strong new business, ratable exposure growth and favorable audit premiums. The total return on our investment portfolio was 50 bps in the 2013 first quarter, reflecting strong return on equities and alternatives, and flat to negative returns on fixed income investments. Excluding foreign exchange, total returns was 101 bps in the 2013 first quarter. Our embedded pretax book yield before expenses was 2.45% as of March 31, compared to 2.6% at December 31, 2012, while the duration of the portfolio shortened slightly to 2.94 years, reflecting our conservative view and position on duration and the current yield environment, our exposure to Eurozone countries, as listed in the supplement, with continued minimal exposure to countries undergoing severe economic hardships. Reported net investment income in the 2013 first quarter was $66 million or $0.48 per share, versus approximately $74 million or $0.53 per share in both the 2012 fourth quarter and the first quarter of 2012. The $8 million decline in net investment income relative -- in this quarter, relative to 2012 fourth quarter has resulted from several factors. First, a $2.2 million increase in investment expenses that includes $1.3 million of costs on a certain alternative investment fund, where some expenses were recognized disproportionately to actual funding contributions, and should not be considered an ongoing run rate effect. Secondly, a $1.9 million reduction occurred relative to the fourth quarter of 2012, associated with inflation adjustments on U.S. Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities or TIPS. These adjustments are lumpy due to fluctuations in the unseasonally adjusted monthly consumer price index, as evidenced by last quarter's $1 million contribution to income and this quarter's $900,000 reduction to income. Thirdly, there was a reduction in gross income related to TALF assets, which contributed $1 million to income in the 2012 fourth quarter, partially offset by $200,000 of interest expense, and were sold prior to year end. And lastly, the balance is due to the effects of the reduction in the embedded yield on the fixed income portfolio, a smaller investable base for income producing assets due to the increased allocation to alternatives and equity asset classes, and the impact of a share repurchase that's totaling $213 million over the last 2 quarters. Our effective tax rate on pretax operating income for the first quarter of 2013 was an expense of 1.7%, compared to the a benefit of 1% even in the first quarter of 2012. This estimate -- this rate is an estimate of the full year effective tax rate that is based on 1 quarter of actual results and 3 quarters of forecasted results. Fluctuations in the effective tax rate can result from variability in the relative mix of income or loss, reported by jurisdiction, along with forecast variances for the last 9 months of the 2013 year. Current quarter preferred dividend expense of $5.5 million was identical to the third and fourth quarters of 2012, but approximately $1 million less than the preferred dividend expense occurring in the 2012 first quarter. As discussed on last quarter's call, this reduction, relative to the 2012 first quarter, is due to the refinancing of our preferred shares by retiring our series A and B classes and replacing them with the more effective series C class. The $5.5 million is the true quarterly run rate. Our total capital was $5.74 billion at the end of the 2013 first quarter, up 3% relative to year-end 2012 and up 9.5% relative to the first quarter of 2012. During this quarter, we repurchased $41 million of our common stock at an average 1.19x multiple to book value, which had a 4% impact on book value per share. Our debt-to-capital ratio remains low at 7%, and debt plus hybrids represents only 12.6% of our total capital, giving us significant financial flexibility. We continue to estimate having capital in excess of our targeted capital position. Book value per share was $37.66, as Dinos also noted, which represents a 4.1% increase versus year-end 2012 and 13% gain relative to March 31 of last year. This growth in book value per share primarily reflects the company's strong operating results. So with these introductory comments, we're now pleased to take your questions.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Allison, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Dinos, I wondering if you could elaborate a bit on your comment about new versus renewal business. What would drive a company or a carrier to give up business that has adequate margin? It doesn't seem like we're seeing capital strain to any meaningful degree in any segment of the market. I'm just curious on a couple of thoughts on it?
Constantine P. Iordanou: For many, I think we introduced a system, which I described in detail about 5 years ago. We went through this elaborate exercise, not only on class-rated classes that the Insurance Service Office would give us exposure times rate type of statistics so we can compare things, but everything that is in specialty lines, we created a system that monitors, on an exposure basis, the rate we get for like exposures, independent if it's new business or renewal. And we monitor that across the enterprise. We have our pricing actuaries, independent of the underwriters, do that, and we do it electronically. This way, there is no playing with the numbers. You know the old story, figures never lie, but liars figure. So we have assistance with that in that approach. So what I reported is what's happening in the marketplace. Now, for 1/3 of our business, that means that there is this -- there is more distress, or at least perception of distress in those classes by -- and predominantly is by the admitted markets. And they're throwing that business into the E&S market, because this phenomenon is happening mostly in the E&S market. So in certain sectors, even though there is ample capacity in general, there is not enough capacity. I'll give you the most acute example. If you have contractors in New York, because of the tough labor laws, et cetera, it's almost impossible to place today. So clearly, the renewal books, which most carriers have and they have better relationships with customers, get a certain price, and new business that is trying to find a place, for whatever reason, because they've been expelled for nonrenewal by others, they're paying a much higher price. And I'm just reporting what we're monitoring. I wish 100% of the business, it would've been behaving like that, then we really have a hard market, but we don't. 2/3, as I said in my prepared remarks, still indicate highly competitive market conditions, with new business pricing lower on a comparison to same exposures to renewal business. So that's the facts. Do I have a complete explanation as to why it's happening? No. But it's good to measure and it's good to have a view into the marketplace because you can direct your underwriters as to where to step on the brake versus step on the accelerator.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Very thoughtful. I guess, to dovetail on that with your E&S, the moving from admitted to E&S markets. I'm trying to square that with the fact that we're still seeing admitted carriers talking about, on the spectrum, the highest rate gains versus much more mixed in specialty and E&S line. So how does all that kind fit into the way you're perceiving the market right now?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the admitted market, it's predominantly a market of class-rated business to a great extent. There is a file rate and it's exposure times rate and it's measurable, et cetera. The E&S market is more aligned to freedom, not only on terms and conditions, but rate. Sometimes it's not just premium going up, it's the effective change, because of very -- or more restrictive terms that have to be interpolated into pricing increases. So the 2 separate markets, let me give you an example to make the point. When you look in the property lines, our E&S is showing new business being priced at or better renewal, where on Global Accounts, which is more on an admitted basis, we show exactly the opposite, and both lines are property lines. So not always a great explanation why it's happening, but if a standard carrier is not willing to write a property line because it used to be maybe an old package policy that they have section 1 and section 2 and they don't like the property anymore and they throw it into the E&S, that will be all new pricing. It had nothing to do with file rates, et cetera. Mark, you want to elaborate on it?
Mark D. Lyons: Just one piece of color to add to contrast a property piece of business being thrown over back to the surplus lines market versus casualty. I think you'd find the property units are recognizing that exposure difference more so than where it came from, and more pricing adjustments in terms of condition adjustments are happening. On the casualty side, it's a little more irrational. There's a little more -- it's a longer duration business, there's, I think, more of a not quite feeding frenzy, but I think there's a lot more competitors going after that and maybe ameliorating some of the increases that you're seeing on the casualty side.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then Mark, just one really quick follow-up if I could. It looks like the portfolio turnover is pretty high. I'm guessing there's a subset of the investment portfolio that's turning over more rapidly than the rest. Could you just give a little bit of color on that and kind of how that dovetails with your investment strategy?
Mark D. Lyons: I think mostly, you'd see the turnover in treasuries, where we're really -- we look to take advantage of some -- well, of generally most of the auctions that occur, but also to take advantage of the different points on the curve, when you may have a 7-year bond and then you hold it for a while then you can resell it as a 2-year -- a 5-year bond, and there's differentials that you can take on those. But you're not going to see -- there hasn't been a lot of churn on the municipal side for example.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So you have one segment of the portfolio stringing over maybe, several times?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, I think that's right.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski of Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: My first question's on the margins. So if I exclude the Costa Concordia and oil rig losses in 1Q last year, and maybe you don't think that's a fair adjustment. If I do that, it looks like the accident year x cat loss ratio deteriorated just a little bit. I'm curious why we aren't seeing some accident year improvement there, given the pricing environment?
Constantine P. Iordanou: That -- I don't know what numbers you're referring to, but that's not accurate. Let me give you the specifics on the margin improvement. When we look on a written basis comparison to our entire portfolio, we had an improvement over the loss trend of 3.3%. When you look at it on an earned basis, it was approximately 1.9%. So this is on an entire portfolio. So if you take 1 or 2 losses, it won't tell you very much. What you got to look is you have to look at the book of business and where is the pricing, and how that compares to the prior underwriting year. And we do all of our calculations on an underwriting-year basis, what we're writing this year versus what we wrote a year ago. So -- but if you want more granular information, I'll turn it over to Mark, which is usually a lot more up-to-date to the granularity of that exercise. So Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Well Dinos is right. I mean, the earned effect is really a consequence of the individual decisions you make on a written basis. And so to Dinos' point, the earned will lag the improvement associated with the written change. So if things stay constant for the next 3 quarters and we maintain a 330 basis point spread, then that's what you should see on an earned basis, assuming annual policies, as it bleeds through. Mix is always a big issue here on both sides, Insurance and the Reinsurance side. So I think by controlling for line of business, a business-type mix and things like that, is the real difference that we look at, that doesn't jump out at you from the summarized results.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And to emphasize that, if you don't get into the mix, you will get to totally different conclusions. I'll give you an example. If you're writing a short-tail property business that basically, you need to write to 80 combined, meaning 50 loss ratio and 30 expense ratio. And then you're writing casualty business that you can write to 90 combined, 60 loss ratio and 30, both of them economically equivalent. If you change that mix, it might show on aggregate accident year, lower or higher, but you're going to draw the wrong conclusions by not looking at what changes in the mix.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And the 330 basis points on the written basis, I think that's higher than last quarter. Is there any particular lines you can point to where the right momentum's coming from?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, certainly. I mean, Dinos commented on some, and let me explain it in 2 pieces. We're seeing still, some fairly significant margin expansions and lines of business that are improving, but still not making the cut. So some of the longer-tailed lines, Dinos referenced in his comments. So they're improving, we're glad to see that. They're not quite there to turn it to a green light status. However, some other profit centers, such as our loss-sensitive profit centers in construction and national accounts, where the pricing has not fallen anywhere near as much as some other lines of business, we're seeing some very good recovery there, to the point that they are into the green category, where they may have been in yellow in the past. I could do others, but I think they're probably the 2 best pockets of example.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And when he talks about green meaning that we're willing to write more business in that sector, and yellow, we're cautious, and red, we better have a foot on the brake.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And lastly, I was curious if you guys would be forthcoming in kind of commenting on the Berkshire news about them getting bigger in the E&S platform, and maybe potentially comment on how much competitive overlap you currently have with the largest player in the E&S market?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I mean, you got to ask them about their strategy. I mean, Berkshire Hathaway has been in the E&S market in many different ways, either through reinsurance transactions or directly writing it. So I don't know what their plans are, I think they hired 4 excellent executives, it's -- talent always is hard to find and they found 4 talented executives to join them, so I think it's a positive for them. But beyond that, I mean, Berkshire was always in the E&S market and they will continue to be.
Operator: And your next question comes from Amit Kumar of Macquarie Capital.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Two quick questions. First of all, can you share your thoughts on the upcoming fix [ph] on renewals, how do you expect that to play out for the market place?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's a bit early as of yet because there is a tug-of-war between brokers request versus underwriters offerings. And so, not a lot of firm orders have been placed. Our expectation though is should be around 5% to 10% reduction, that's what we're expecting. But there is changes to it and in different parts of the country, and if it's a nationwide program versus a Florida-only program or the Northeast. Let me give you an example. In the Northeast, we got anywhere from plus, I would say, 2% to 3% to as high as plus 10% on layers that they had an effect from Sandy. On layers, the high access layer that Sandy didn't effect, the reduction was anywhere from minus 2% to minus 10%, depending on programs. Likewise, we have renew nationwide programs at -- and significant ones that we have firm orders already at only minus 5%. Some people expected much worse than that but -- and firm orders for most of the Florida business. It's happening as we speak, so I don't have a lot of flavor. Mark, do you have any more color to that? We will know in a few weeks but our expectations is somewhere between 5% and 10% rate reduction.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: I got it, that's helpful. And I guess, the only other question, I'm not sure if I missed this in the opening remarks, is can we revisit the discussion on capital management for the remainder of the year just based on the current multiple and where the stock is trading?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I mean, the -- we usually look at 3 different factors. What is -- where can we deploy capital in our operations; what were we trading on and the multiple that the market is giving us; and then what is our projected ROE. Our ROE, we're getting more optimistic that it's going up. So I don't know if we do a lot more of share repurchases at the time being, unless share price movements propel us to do that because we can get our shares cheaper than we can get them today. On the basis that we still have this transaction that we need to close on and we have to reestimate as to how much capital we can deploy in that, plus there's a few other things we're looking at. In any market, you see opportunity. Nothing that is imminent, but you never know. So we'll take all that into consideration and then we make decisions. Our principle of returning excess capital to shareholders hasn't changed. We'll find a way to do it. If we think a special dividend is appropriate, we might even do that.
Mark D. Lyons: Just as a follow up to Dinos. If you think back to our thinking. I think, Amit, you heard us say before that we were guided by that matrix that we have on the website, but we're not bound by it. But if you go back and look at what we've traded at over the quarter, it's pretty close to an ever-increasing sequence from about 1.22x of book to up to of about 1.48x of fourth quarter book value. And it was really about mid February that we crossed, I'll say, the 1.33x line, which you can kind of in a rough yeoman's way say, 10% return times 3 is really that ballast point, and so we weren't in any hurry really, to go in excess of that at that point. Now, with the increase to book value, we're trading, as of yesterday, probably a little south of 1.4x so -- but to echo Dinos' comments, we have to look at things relative to where it's traded, not just on an absolute basis.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb of Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: With the shifts in reinsurance pricing through April and June, what's your sense of modeled return on equity for that business, for property cat?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's still very, very good. It's high double-digit ROEs. And you need to write it at that level, otherwise, you shouldn't -- you're talking about purely cat x OL [ph], right?
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. It's a highly volatile line. At the end of the day, you have to be north of the 15% to write that business on an expected basis and that's our attitude.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So when you say high double digits, that means high teens ROE?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, yes.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And on the Reinsurance business, I know that the way the premium comes in, it can be lumpy, it's been running at well over 20% for at least 5 quarters. I would just like to get a sense for modeling purposes, when that may lap each other and when that rate of growth may slow or would that continue for all of 2013 just based on the contracts you currently have in place?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, contracts are annual and they either get renewed or not. What guides us in making decisions is the profitability of the book of business that we would like to reinsure. As we said in prior calls, a lot of that growth came from U.K. motor, it came from a couple of contracts we wrote on the mortgage space, et cetera. And if those get renewed, you will have the growth. If they don't, you won't. So it's a lumpy business, reinsurance. We take contract by contract, we look at the opportunity, we got plenty of capital to support those contracts. If we're given the opportunity by the clients to continue to provide the capacity for them, we'll do it. If not, we won't. But it's based on is it a profitable opportunity for us or not, and that's when we make the decisions to continue or not to.
Mark D. Lyons: Jay, I would just add. One of the other takeaways would be, especially in the U.K. motor, you shouldn't look at that as a book of business, you should look at it as a few large contracts. And hence, Dinos' point about rebinding them or renewing them or not, is what's driving it because it's not a big book of business.
Operator: And your next question comes from Vinay Misquith of Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on growth in the primary Insurance. So within the U.S. it seems to have picked up. Could you help me understand if you are getting more positive on that business, because you also mentioned that you're starting a new roster [ph] of E&S business too?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I'll let Mark give you the break down. I think you're looking at the overall group. Actually, in the U.S., we have grown and we have shrunk in Europe, including Australia. And that was a proactive action on our part, because on a certain segment of business, we weren't getting enough rate improvement to overcome the trend. You can't stay on the same rates and be happy, continuing to renew what's expiring, when trend is going to continue to move up. And at some point in time, you say is this going to be an acceptable ROE business or not, and that's what happened. Mark, you want to give Vinay the detail there?
Mark D. Lyons: Sure. I think what you'll see, some of it was -- you can deduce from our prepared comments. But in the U.S., the growth in the loss sensitive areas, which is construction and national accounts; we had growth in programs, as we also have commented on; we had some growth in surety, which is really a new team coming in and putting their view on things and expanding that into commercial surety, not just contract surety; our A&H businesses is really ramping up and so it's a large percentage increase compared to prior.
Constantine P. Iordanou: On a small base.
Mark D. Lyons: On a small base. And the property on the net basis saw some traction in the Insurance Group.
Constantine P. Iordanou: So what did you [indiscernible] we grow in the U.S.?
Mark D. Lyons: The U.S. grew 11%.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Offset by the reduction in Europe.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Great. And you expect Europe to continue to decline or do you expect that to flatten out in the future?
Mark D. Lyons: We expect, for the balance of this year, to probably see, relative to second quarter 2012, third quarter 2012, probably some additional reductions like we saw in this quarter.
Constantine P. Iordanou: The same level reductions in comparison. This is -- we reduced a program, our participation. So in essence, that, until it laps over to one year, you're going to have the comparables and we got 2 more quarters to go.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. Okay that's helpful. Secondly, on the net investment income, that fell pretty meaningfully this quarter. I just want to get the run rate normally for that. So to the existing number, if I add back the $1.3 million of higher expense, should we also add back the $1.9 million of the TIPS or is that not such a high [indiscernible] number?
Mark D. Lyons: If you do that, you're basically saying that we should see 0 on TIPS on a go forward basis, dating that back.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It can resource [ph] entirely and it can be the sign might switch, et cetera. I would say for -- this is a rough guess on my part, that probably half the reduction is nonrecurring and the other half is probably the effect of lower interest. So to me, if this quarter was normal, we probably would have seen investment income going from approximately $74 million, $73 million, because don't forget, $1 million of the $74 million, it was artificially high last quarter, to come down to about $70 million. But like I said, we don't pay tremendous -- I know you got to do your models and all that, and that's why I went through this whole explanation between net income ROE versus operating ROE. We're not changing our definition but also, we're not going to change our strategy, that we're going to try to maximize total return on our investable assets, independent on if we're going to take some investment income here. It's for total return because of accounting and structure issues.
Mark D. Lyons: And one other comment to perhaps, help you. I think that was a good view that Dinos just provided you. But you got to think of it, we're kind of in a point of inflection with regard to net investment income. A lot of the alternative investments, as Dinos had mentioned, wind up showing their returns below the line instead of above the line. But there are a handful that will show some above the line benefit, but those are just ramping up. So for the balance of 2013, that kind of averaged, as Dinos talked about, is probably reasonable but those -- there's positive forces that could push that higher than that level in either the very end of 2013 or into 2014.
Constantine P. Iordanou: What Mark is telling you Vinay, is we tried to, even with outside managers, to structure transactions, especially on the high yield, fixed income kind of strategies that we have, that we can recognize the investment income as such and not account it under the equity method as realized gains. But accounting is not that simple anymore. They got 42,000 rules that I have to take 3 Advils every time I sit with the accountants to discuss it. And sometimes they're nonsensical to begin with.
Mark D. Lyons: But to Dinos key point about, we're driven by the economics, not the accounting. The analogy on the business side is workers' compensation. I mean, if the industry was bound by how that's booked on excess workers' compensation, there'd be no market.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So first of all, given the growth in programs, I assume that there's 1 or 2 programs over the last few quarters that have been contributing that. Do we expect that to slow down starting in 3Q?
Mark D. Lyons: No. We don't. We're getting more traction on, as I said, regained programs or pieces of programs. But in the core same store, we're seeing some, I think, level of increasing ratable exposures. And the flip-flop of having audit premiums be positive, not negative like they've been in the past.
Constantine P. Iordanou: So that means the economy is improving, so the exposure base on some of our clients is going up, so they generate more premium. And also, there's been rate increases and significant, because don't forget, that's the area we compete a lot with the standard markets, even though these are specialty programs. But we still issue a lot of it on admitted paper and we have file rates, et cetera for -- and you compete with the likes of Travelers and Chubb and C&A, et cetera. And these carriers, you're listening to their calls, et cetera, and we see it in the market. They're pushing for rate and they're getting it and in essence, our agents that they produced business for our MGUs, they're getting rate increases. So I think that will continue.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If the market improves, does that mean there'll be more competition for programs that you guys have or others have, or that actually, you would want to be bidding on more programs?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I think you're going to see too, there'll be more programs that are going to make the cut for us because of rate improvements and they're looking for a better home. Don't forget, we're a good home for programs. We're an A plus company, we have great systems, our service is very good and we have that kind reputation. As a matter of fact, the MGUs that we have, a dozen or so of these that we have, we had them for 10 years, and they've all been with us for a long period of time. So we're welcoming new programs, as long as they can make the profitability goals that we have. But a lot of our growth is coming from our existing programs, because they're gaining on both. Additional exposure units, as the economy is starting to improve on same customers that they have, and also new customers that are coming into the programs on existing business.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that works. And in terms of thinking about looking -- everyone complains, I've complained about the insurance combined ratio. A lot of your peers have better combined ratios than you have and they're showing that again right now. To what extent do you think that the current booking of accident years is aggressive by the marketplace today, and to what extent do you think you guys are being conservative right now in your Insurance segment accident fix[ph] ?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Listen, I have a hard time trying to get mine as accurate as I can, because that's the only statements I sign. So I'm not going to worry about the rest of the market. But I can tell you, we feel comfortable where we're booking things. We do a lot of analysis, and like I said many times before, for the first 2, 3 years, 4 years or so, the accident year is a self grading exam. The real exam comes when the books mature. And so I -- without knowing exactly what others write and what process they go in estimating what their current accident year should or shouldn't be, I can't comment on that. But I can comment on ours and I feel very comfortable where we are.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, the only problem is when you're grading your own exam, maybe you're hungrier to take the test.
Operator: And your next question comes from Arash Salamani [ph] of KBW.
Unknown Analyst: Question with the comment about the business moving back to the E&S markets. Is that a trend that you expect to sort of speed up over the next year or so? And to what extent do you actually -- I don't know if you can quantify it in any way, but to what extent do you actually expect that to benefit your premium growth?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, right now, it's gradual. It's noticeable but it's gradual. If it accelerates, that means we have a hot market. It's always a very good indicator of a hot market, when a lot of that business comes today in this market. It hasn't happened yet. There is a little flow coming into the E&S. We measure it through the submission activity. We see it in different profits centers around the country, and we're happy about it. But we're not ecstatic because this is not a hot market yet.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ryan Byrnes of Langen McAlenney.
Ryan J. Byrnes - Langen McAlenney: I'll just keep it to 1 question. But Dinos, I'd like to get your opinion I guess, on I guess, the upcoming TRIA renewal. I realize it's a little over a year away, but just wanted to get your thoughts on the opportunities and challenges that it presents to the industry and I guess, Arch in general?
Constantine P. Iordanou: You're not coming through. You can speak closer to the...
Ryan J. Byrnes - Langen McAlenney: Dinos, I just wanted to get your opinions on the upcoming TRIA renewal. And what opportunities and challenges it presents for the market and Arch?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, listen, I don't have to mention the Boston event again, but I think the insurance business is willing and able and capable to take a lot of risk, but it's not able to take infinite or unlimited risk. So at some point in time, there's got to be some backstop at a pretty high level. And if you look at TRIA, we're talking about the backstop is provided. So companies, they don't face ruin on a horrific event. So I'm expecting that we will make the point to our regulators and to our legislators in Washington. And there was still a light [ph] that there is a role that -- for a government can play, especially when they mandate coverage and they require us to provide or offer terrorism coverage to customers, which we like to do. But on the other hand, we don't want to risk -- the risk of ruin to be within our books of business. And there are, on certain coverages like workers' compensation, with it's exclusive remedy. You can exclude the -- whatever incident happens, if you're injured at work, you need to get paid and that's the exclusive remedy of comp. We need some sort of catastrophic protection and the only person who has the unlimited ability to do it is the taxing authorities.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman of Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: My first thing is I want to follow up on Berkshire's raid of Lexington. And you guys rate a lot of E&S, so can you help us understand, to the extent Berkshire is successful at taking a fair amount of Lexington business, how would that affect you? I mean, do you -- can you give us maybe some sense of how much excess of AIG you might write across your portfolio or some sort of idea of a large account E&S versus small account or some kind of way to sort of understand what the potential impact is?
Mark D. Lyons: I think it begins with the recognition of behavior. What's the new behavior going to be with these. It's a set of customers written by 1 entity versus another entity. And it's whether they're more aggressive or less aggressive, and time will tell that. We don't know what that's going to be at this point. As far as -- I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment on relative adequacy of AIG business versus another carrier's business. We don't right just excess. We have a lot of primary business that we write also on an E&S basis. So we won't necessarily just be looking at business on a lead excess basis or something like that over AIG.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And Ian, it depends on their business plan, which they haven't disclosed to anybody yet. To write a lot of E&S business, you can't do it just with 4 people, you got to build infrastructure, you have to build underwriting teams and you got to distribute them around the country, especially if you're going to write small, medium-size accounts. If they're going to shoot elephants, then they can do it with half a dozen people sitting in 1 location. But there is so much of that business and the usual suspects compete with them, meaning people that they have significant capacity to do it. So it might -- not knowing what's going to happen, it might be a battle between 2 behemoths, the Berkshire and AIG, fighting for the large, or it might be more of a systematic creation of an E&S unit that it will take some time to build, because they have to build infrastructure and hire the underwriters, et cetera. Not I think, is questions you need to ask, Ajit [ph]. He will know more as to what he wants to do with his team. They're all capable executives. I'll give him a lot of credit for that, I think he hired some very good guys.
Mark D. Lyons: And don't underestimate Dinos' comment about infrastructure. Think of it this way, on the retail side, the customer really is the guy cutting the check at the end of the day. On the wholesale side, it's really the wholesale producer because of his aggregation aspects. And you need to be -- the proximity needs to be there to really maximize things with the wholesale producer, so the infrastructure's important.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Understood. It makes sense. And I just had a few follow-ups in just trends in lines of business. I guess first, mortgage insurance, on the Reinsurance side, it looked like there's about $20 million of growth versus what you've been running the second half. I assume that was maybe a new contract but is that sort of the rate we should expect to have that contract going forward or was that all booked upfront for the year?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Don't look at it. We have the original contract and then we had a renewal and you might be seeing that.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Right, but is that renewal just sort of booked, is that [indiscernible]
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, [indiscernible], they year-end I think, is the '13 year. So you got '12 and you got '13 and maybe a little overlap of that. And don't forget, on mortgage insurance, your stream, it's not annual. It comes over 4, 5 years, maybe even 6 years before you...
Mark D. Lyons: Right. So certainly, over the next few quarters, you'll continue to have a good stream of business associated with those in-force contracts?
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Right. That's what I was trying to get out, okay. And can you give us just a rough sense of what kind of combined ratio that's booked at? I guess, I'm assuming that helps the mix on a combined ratio, but I wanted to get some kind of sense of that?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, we got to get the reports from our cedents and usually we don't disagree significantly with them. Whatever they report to us, we book and if we have a disagreement, we might put a number that may be slightly different than that. But so far, it's been very, very good business. So I think you'll get a better indication by monitoring the numbers of the mono lines like Radian and others, as to what they think that business is all about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just one -- a couple of quick follow-ups real quick. Can you talk about, Mark, at all, the impact of the retro activity you saw in the Reinsurance side. You kind of mentioned it in the press release, but maybe just quantify a bit more what happened and what impact that had on the net premiums line?
Mark D. Lyons: You can tell that it's still -- they still eat what they kill. I mean, they went down to a 94%, which is still enormously high net to gross. It was just a couple of transactions to really cover the property business, a little bit of marine business. But I wouldn't view it as game changing, if that's what you're after.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, I was just curious if that should -- you would expect it to continue through the rest of the year.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we buy retro to balance our books sometimes, or when we think that we're getting a reasonable rate for the coverage. So -- and we're always out to see what the retro market might offer to us, but it's hit or miss. Sometimes if it gets very expensive, we don't buy. If we think it's a reasonable price, we buy.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just one last one. Have you talked about, Dinos, at all, the amount of capital that you expect you'll be putting into the mortgage business once the CMG transaction closes. Do we know how much capital there, how much you'll...
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, you're asking for a dynamic kind of an approach to it. There is -- it depends on how that business flows in. The more business we write, we're going to support with additional capital. If the business doesn't flow, then it won't require as much capital. So as we mentioned before, I think the GSCs are looking to a 20:1 coverage ratio, capital to -- right now, I think a lot -- some of the competitors, and I haven't done the latest statistics, they're operating at 25:1 or some maybe even at 30:1. So -- but eventually, I think it's going to gravitate further down into the 20:1. So without knowing how much flow you're going to get, you don't know how much capital you need to provide.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And you're talking about risk in-force to capital?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: We now have Mr. Gutterman back on line of Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: I was just going to ask about the construction growth and especially the improvement in the expected margin. I guess I always thought of construction as being a very competitive class. Sort of why aren't we seeing that, or is this the special class of construction like the New York or something like that, that's been troubled or...
Constantine P. Iordanou: New York has been a troubled market for a long, long period of time. California, has nothing to write home about either. A lot of what we do in construction is more like national accounts. It's 3 lines, restropectively rated. This is for medium and large contractors that predominantly, they're buying a lot of services and some buffer cover from us, because they will take the first $250,000 or $0.5 million of risk on their own and then they expect us to provide good services on the claim side. And there are not many competitors in that space. Travelers is a very good company who does that, Zurich does it, we do it. ACE is a company of course, AIG is there so -- and it depends on how good your underwriting units are. So in that area, we are seeing a positive move, and it's just not the workers' comp you're getting rate increases. I think all 3 lines on the nonstructured [ph] area, we call, which is the risk area, we're seeing good rate increases. And also that we see improvements in the collateral.
Mark D. Lyons: I would just add that we make those comments about margin expansion. It doesn't always translate to $1 of premium. There's been upward movement in the large deductibles associated with that. So what was the $250,000 deductible might be a $400,000 deductible now. So you get some proof [ph] rate price increase, you get some exposure movements that give you more premium and then you get the beneficial trade-off of more premium with a higher attachment point.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: I guess, I was just wondering, was there a bad actor in that class before, who was underpricing the business, who has now gotten rational, is that why we're seeing such big movement or...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, first off, remember what we said, and then Dinos, I think, nailed it. This is, on a loss-sensitive perspective, these are large self-ratable contractors. This isn't the one-off guy out of the E&S market, that has no audited financials.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, there were some, Ian, that they were written on a guaranteed cost basis. Then they're thrown back. Now as the guarantee cost carriers say, "No, if you want that same program, I got to charge you x more." They say ,"No, let me move it into the loss-sensitive area and I'm willing to eat my own cooking, pay -- the law says there through a big deductible but -- and buy the buffer before I get into the excess market." So there is both. Like I said, I'm not sitting with the underwriters every single day, I just monitor what they do. But these are real numbers because we have -- one thing we're very confident is in our monitoring systems. They're true because there is an independence. I don't let the underwriters write their own report cards. They're all going to get As, I hate that.
Operator: I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thank you, Allison. Well, enjoy your lunch, everybody, and we'll see you next quarter. Have a good afternoon. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Donald Lyons – Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Amit Kumar – Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Michael Millette – Goldman Sachs Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Keith and I’ll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later on we will conduct a question-and-answer session (Operator instructions) As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance, the reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. And with that, I would now like to turn the conference over to your hosts, Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Please go ahead gentlemen.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The fourth quarter from an earnings point of view was negatively impacted by the catastrophic activity of super storm Sandy for which we recorded approximately $200 million of net losses. On a more positive note as we announced last week, we have entered into a definitive agreement to purchase CMG MI and the operating assets of PMI. We will comment on this transaction and on Sandy later in this call. On an operating basis, we lost $0.18 per share for the quarter bringing our annual operating earnings per share to $2.54 for the year, which produced a 7.7% return on equity. Our reported underwriting results were significantly affected by Sandy as we recorded a combined ratio of 112.4% with Sandy contributing 26 points to that combined ratio. While our investment performance for the quarter including the effects of foreign exchange was a total return of 80 basis points. For the year, our total return on investments inclusive of foreign exchange was excellent at 5.88%. Our cash flow for the quarter was good at $190 million, an increase of $80 million over the year ago quarter. Our book value per common share decreased slightly to $36.19 mainly as a result of the impact of Sandy and the temporary effects of share repurchases. On a year-over-year basis, our book value per share increased by 14%, an excellent result. We also had very strong premium growth for the quarter, which I will comment in a few minutes. On the market, the market environment continues on a path of modest improvement across the Board. We estimate that for our insurance business the rate increases in the quarter exceeded our estimated loss trend by approximately 230 basis points in the aggregate. These improvements on a line by line basis range from minus 100 basis points to plus 1,200 basis points. The movement of business from the admitted markets back to the E&S markets is continuing. This provides us with additional opportunities. However, on an absolute basis, most long tail casualty business, based on the current interest rates environment still require more rate improvements to meet our return requirements. On a consolidated basis, gross premiums were up 16.3% and net premiums were up 20%. Looking at growth by segment, the Insurance Group’s premium rose by approximately 5.6% on a gross basis and 7.2% on a net basis. And similar to last quarter, slightly over one half of the increase in gross return premium was due to increased rates and the balance was due to additional exposures. The Reinsurance Group premium volume was up 51.5% on a gross basis and 50.6% on a net basis. These increases primarily resulted from several opportunities that we capitalize on during the past three years namely, UK motor reinsurance and mortgage insurance as we discussed last quarter and increased activity in our property cat and property fac operations. Superstorm Sandy had a localized effect on rates primarily on loss driven accounts in the northeast, but had little other effect elsewhere around the country. Group-wide on an expected basis, the return on equity on the business we rode this year will produce an underwriting year return on equity in the range of 10% to 12%. The underwriting margin improvement that I mentioned earlier will not affect the expected return on equity as the improvement in expected underwriting result has been largely offset by the reduction in expected investment yield. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 3.9 million shares at a cost of $172 million. We remain in an excess capital position and we expect to still be in an excess capital position after the mortgage transaction closes. As always, our position is to return excess capital to shareholders unless we can deploy it effectively in our business. As a result, we expect to continue with our share repurchases at a level approximately equal to our quarterly earnings for the first half of the year and we’ll follow the same approach to share repurchases in the coming quarters as we have done historically. Now, let me update you on our cat PML aggregates. As of January 1, 2013, our largest 250-year PMLs for a single event were basically unchanged with $867 million in the Northeast or approximately 18% of shareholders equity, $862 million in the Gulf where Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $602 million. Before I turn it over to Mark for more commentary on our financial results, as I indicated early, I have a few additional comments on our recent announcement. During the quarter after an extensive due diligence process, we enter into a definitive agreements with CUNA Mutual and PMI for the purchase of CMG MI and the operating assets and infrastructure of PMI. The transaction is expected to close in the latter part of this year as it is subject to obtaining approvals from insurance regulators, the Arizona receivership court, and the GSEs, as well as customary closing conditions. This transaction will provide us with an approved operating platform and nationwide licenses that would allow us to participate in the mortgage insurance space on a direct basis. This new operation will complement our existing reinsurance capabilities and our European-based mortgage capabilities. We expect to continue to support our value customers in the mortgage insurance space as a stable long-term reinsurer. And of course, we would enter the mortgage insurance business on a direct basis in the United States following the closing of the transaction. We’re looking forward to partnering with CUNA Mutual, who will continue to service their credit union customers on our behalf. We’re also pleased with the opportunity to hire the existing employee workforce of PMI. We intend to create a stable employment environment for them for many years to come. We believe that the combination of Arch executive management and PMI’s senior management together with a strong capital position and disciplined approach to underwriting will create an enduring enterprise in the mortgage insurance space. Although, the transaction is not expected to be accretive to earnings for the first two years subsequent to closing, we believe that the mortgage insurance business will be profitable over the long-term, and we expect that this transaction will meet or exceed our target return levels, and we’ll create long-term value to our shareholders. With that, I’ll now turn it over to Mark, to comment further on our financial results. Mark?
Mark Donald Lyons: Great. Thank you, Dinos, and good morning all. The consolidated combined ratio for this quarter was 112.4% with 25.8 points of current accident year, cat related events that reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2011 fourth quarter combined ratio of 89.7%, which reflected 10.5 points of cat related events also net of reinsurance and reinstatement premium. The 2012 fourth quarter reflected 26.1 combined ratio points from Superstorm Sandy with the balance emanating from minor adjustments to other 2012 cat events, such as the first quarter 2012 U.S. storms and first quarter Southeast Australian floods. Our best estimate of the Sandy loss is consistent with our December 19 press release and reflecting approximate 60%, 40% mix for our reinsurance and insurance segments respectively. The 2012 fourth quarter consolidated combined ratio also reflected seven points of prior year net favorable development, also net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums with acquisition related expenses, compared to 15 points of prior year favorable development into 2011 fourth quarter. This resulted in 93.6% current accident year combined ratio excluding cats for the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to 94.4% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Over 90% of the net favorable development in this quarter was from the reinsurance segment, with approximately two-thirds of that due to favorable development and short tailed lines concentrated in the more recent underwriting years, roughly 8% for medium tailed lines spaced throughout many underwriting years and about 25% favorable development on longer tailed lines primarily from the 2004 to 2008 underwriting years. The remaining net favorable development comes from the insurance segment and was mainly driven by shorter tailed lines predominantly from the more recent accident years. Similar to prior periods, approximately 69% of our total net reserves for loss and loss adjustment expense were $7.1 billion are IBNR or additional case reserves, which is a fairly consistent ratio across both the reinsurance and insurance segments. On a consolidated basis, the 2012 calendar year produced a 95.4% combined ratio on a reported basis compared to 98.3% for 2011, representing $99 million improvement in underwriting income and reflecting the lower level of catastrophic activity than in 2011. The 2012 expense ratio improvement reflects in part the expense control initiative instituted over the last few years, mostly in the 50 bips improvement in the operating expense component. The full accident year 2012 combined ratio excluding cat was 94% compared to the full accident year of 2011, combined ratio of 93.6%. Overall, on a consolidated basis, the full 2002 year saw $433 million of gross written premium growth, or 12.6% and $375 million, or 14.2% on a net basis. About two-thirds of this growth in gross written premiums came from the reinsurance segment and one-third from the insurance segment. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net premium to gross premium in the quarter was 75.3% versus 73.1% a year ago. In the reinsurance segment, the net to gross ratio was approximately equal to one year ago at 92% and the insurance segment was a 68% ratio compared to 67% a year ago, as a result of our strategy to grow the lesser volatile smaller account businesses and reduce our exposure in the higher severity businesses. In the reinsurance segment, the 2012 accident quarter combined ratio excluding cats was 83.9% compared to 83% even in the 2011 fourth quarter. The reinsurance segment result this quarter reflect – as Dinos mentioned, changes in the mix of business on a written basis with a higher contribution from mortgage reinsurance lines, UK motor, and property insured tail businesses than in the fourth quarter of 2011. Additionally, this quarter saw some escalation in recorded our reinsurance crop losses for accident year 2012, which the company does not classify as cat losses, based on additional reports from cedent plus our own additional case reserves. Lastly, this quarter had 1.9 points of bonus accrual adjustments stemming from favorable prior year development, the restated accident quarter combined ratio without this effect was 82%. The 2012 fourth quarter results for the reinsurance group has been true in the last two quarters, includes the effect of the April 2012 acquisition of the International Credit & Surety operations of Ariel Re based in Zurich, Switzerland. This acquisition accounted under purchase accounting rules contained an unknown premium reserve that was not included in the premiums written, but is reflected in premiums earned on an ongoing basis. Net premiums earned for this quarter included approximately $17 million from this acquisition with the remaining December 31, on a premium reserve of approximately $34 million to be about 50% earned over the next two quarters and the balance substantially earned within one year after that. In the insurance segment, the 2012 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cats was 100.4% compared to 100.9% a year ago. The fourth quarter of 2012, however, contained one expense ratio point of bonus accrual adjustments as a result of prior-period favorable reserve development. The accident quarter combined ratio is 99.4% when this effect is removed. The insurance segment had net written premium growth predominately emanating from the U.S. operations. This U.S. growth came from programs, executive insurance, and lender product units with a continued reduction in U.S. casualty lines and declines in the tech risk line across all geographies. The programs unit saw growth primarily from two large existing programs along with growth from a newer program, which we regained back in the first quarter of 2012. Net investment income in the 2012 fourth quarter was $0.53 per share, substantially unchanged from the $0.53 per share in both the 2012, third and second quarters. Our embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.6% as of December 31, compared to 2.8% as of September 30. The duration of the portfolio lengthened slightly to 2.06 years from 2.9 years as of September 30. As Dinos mentioned, the total return on the portfolio was 80 basis points in the 2012 fourth quarter with emerging market investments and some high-yield corporate bonds augmenting the returns in our core investment grade fixed income portfolio. Excluding foreign exchange, total return was 67 basis points. Our exposure to Eurozone countries is listed in the financial supplement with minimal exposures to countries currently undergoing severe economic hardships. The 2012 year total return on the portfolio was 5.88%, including the effects of foreign exchange, compared to 3.81% in the 2011 year. Excluding foreign exchange, the full year return was 5.59% compared to 4.1% in the 2011 year. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income for the full 2012 year was a benefit of 3.8% compared to an identical benefit of 3.8% in the full 2011 year. The impact of Sandy produced underwriting losses, thereby reducing our full year effective tax rate. As a result, fluctuations in the effective tax rate result from variability and the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction. Current quarter preferred dividend expense of $5.5 million was identical for the third quarter of 2012, but less than a $6.5 million of preferred dividend expense occurring in the 2011 fourth quarter. As discussed on last quarter’s call, this reduction relative to the fourth quarter of 2011 is due to the refinancing of our preferred shares by retiring our series A and B classes and replacing them with a more cost effective series C class. The $5.5 million is the true quarterly run rate. Our total capital was $5.57 billion at the end of the 2012 fourth quarter compared to $5.75 billion at the end of the third quarter, and $5 billion at year end 2011, with the decrease in the current quarter largely due to the effects of $172 million of share repurchases. This represents 11.6% increase in capital from year end 2011 and our debt-to-capital ratio remains a low 7.2% and debt plus hybrid represent only 13% of our total capital giving a significant financial flexibility. At the end of 2012, we continue to estimate having excess over our targeted capital position. Book value per share decreased $0.60 to $36.19 versus $36.79 in the fourth quarter reflecting primarily operating results and the short-term effects of share repurchases. Book value per share, however, has increased by 13.9% relative to year end 2011. With these introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question is from the line of Vinay Misquith with Evercore Partners. Please go ahead.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Hi, good morning.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Good morning, Vinay.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: First, from the mortgage insurance perspective, what are the long-term ROAEs that you’re looking at? Is it 15% or is it higher than that?
Mark Donald Lyons: Well, I would say is 15% and it can be better than that. But let’s keep it up 15%, we’re happy with that.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Sure. And you’re saying that the accretion will only happen in maybe 2015 as this transaction goes through?
Constantine P. Iordanou: The accretion will not happen until actually 2016. But we estimate this to close at by probably third and fourth quarter of this year, there is a process we have to go through. So the first full year of operation would be 2013, second year would 2014. So those two years, we don’t expect any accretion and then after that we expect to be accretive in 2016. Mark, you want to add anything to that?
Mark Donald Lyons: No, I agree. Just a clarification that the first two full years are 2014 and 2015.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Right.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: So 2014 and 2015, no income and 2016 will be okay, great. And also looking at the amount of capital that you plan to invest, you’ve planned to spend about $300 million. Do you think that you can up-size that based on the opportunities out there, or is it too early right now?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it will depend on the opportunities. Traditionally, as a company we always want to operate all of our units with a strong capital position, as a commitment we made to customers, as a commitment we made to the rating agencies, as a commitment we made to our employees. So depending on how well that business and how good our penetration is in the market, we will make sure that we have adequate capital supporting that business.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Sure, fair enough. The second question is on growth. Your top line growth in the primary insurance segment was lower than some of your peers has been. I’m just curious as to your perspective as to where pricing is right now and where you would like it to be, so that you could significantly ramp up the top line?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I think where we differ with some of our competitors is on the very long tail lines when you factor in new money yield to the duration of the liabilities and you do those calculations. Even though some of these lines are getting actually the bigger rate increases, we still don’t see them needing our returns. And for that reason, we’re holding back our units in writing more. And to be more specific is, some of the primary casualty line, some of the excess and umbrella lines, we’re being very cautious about it. And it’s excess workers comp, the workers comp line, we’re being more cautious about these lines because of where interest rates are. Mark, if you want to add to it or…?
Mark Donald Lyons: Yeah, Dinos, I would say, just echoing what Dinos said, the casual lines over the last couple of quarters have gotten 12% to 14% to 15% increases. But the way we look at it though as we stated before, it’s – what’s the absolute return those increases give us, not just the fact that they’re increasing. We still think that has a long way to go. Just to give you a little insight, our specialty casualty unit in the month that just went by, we’ll look forward, only wrote a couple of hundred thousand dollars of new business, why? Because we don’t yet forgetting those kinds of increases, but the absolute margin isn’t there yet. So we could make the same comment on excess work comp. We could make the same comment on another longer tailed lines of business.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Sure.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But I don’t want to mislead you. I think the market is improving. So we’ll not disagree with some of our competitors’ comments. It’s just maybe it’s our view and the absolute profitability of certain classes that differs. And we’ve been always a patient company because on premium revenue, because to tell you the truth, we love to grow high percentages if the market allows us. But we will not hesitate to shrink, if we don’t think we’re getting the right rates. So it’s a mixed bag right now. We got segments, we’re bullish and we’re letting the units grow. And then we have segments we are not bullish and we are actually shrinking. The combination of that though is giving us a growth which is not – I’m not disappointed. I think 7% on the net and about 5% on the gross on the insurance group is – in this market environment, it’s not a bad result. And from, I mean, the first quarter, I can talk about January 1, I think our growth in January 1, business was even a little higher than that. But one-month doesn’t make it quarter over year. So in essence, the momentum is going in the right direction as far as we’re concerned.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: So just one follow-up on that, just curious as to what do you think the trade-off is by being more conservative now versus some of your peers saying, we want to write the business now and on the next renewal will it take pricing up?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean that’s a strategy that sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t. If you like to be a profit to see what’s going to happen sometimes best things happen to you, because you might be reading the obituary pages and you find your name on it. And so I don’t like to predict the future. What we see, we instruct our units, this is the market that you’re operating. What you see today, you take actions today, and if that changes tomorrow, you have the right to change your approach. And that’s why we’re a company that pays very little attention to premium budgets. Our units, they get capital allocation on a quarterly basis. We reevaluate that based on market conditions and we expect that agility from our operating units to be able to adjust and reflect what’s happening in the market. So that formula has worked for us for 10 years and I’m not going to change it. And that strategy that you just talked about; isn’t just a forward look in the insurance market, it’s a forward look in the economy. So the idea that the economy would have recovered enough that customers would be willing and able to pay a big rate increase a year hence is also a bet we don’t quite believe in yet.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Amit Kumar with Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks, and good morning.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Good morning, Amit.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Just a couple of follow-ups on the prior discussion; on the USMI business, if you factor and own out, what would the deal equate on a price to book basis?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we want to pay a true book value, so the earn-out will give a fair price, based on how the book evolves over the next two, three years. And that’s what we negotiate it.
Mark Donald Lyons: Yeah. And that has to – the pudding on that as the in force business is tracked over that period of time. It will indicate an additional payment or no…?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It could be a lot more, it could be a lot less, but we’ll let the book evolve. And if it’s more way, we don’t mind paying it. At the end of the day we’re getting the value out of it.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: I guess that leads to the related question, does that tell us something about the state of the market with so many companies trading below book in the insurance land. If you’re willing to look at other segments, I mean, is that sort of overreaching, what state of the cycle is or…?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it has nothing to do with the cycle. We’ve been in this space now since 2009, Andrew Rippert which is the subject matter more senior expert in our operations was hired over three plus years ago, originally was for us to see we have reinsurance opportunities and later on to evolve into insurance opportunities, while here in the United States and also in other parts around the world, European union, Australia and other parts of the world. So this was a strategic move by us. But in our way, we try to do it, as we acquire talent and as we find opportunities to acquire additional talents, licenses et cetera. So it goes in that continuum. And it has nothing – we view this a long-term play. Mortgage insurance has been around for a long time and with the exception of four, five years that unfortunately bad underwriting decisions were made by most in the space. If you examine the history of the product, it’s being a profitable line as long as you remain disciplined in underwriting.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah, it makes sense. Final question and this goes back to your remarks regarding capital. How do you think about the capital needs for this business? I just – what I’m trying to ask is the deal is done and then you sort of ramp up. At that point of time, how much capital – sort of range of capital would you need and how would that play against capital management, let’s say, for 2014 and 2015. I’m trying to sort of think of some sort of a relative proposition?
Mark Donald Lyons:  Well, I think fundamentally, you have to think about capital a little differently. First of all, any final capital decision is going to be a function of two things really. It’s the implied business plan and our growth and the opportunities we see and also discussions we have with GSEs and perhaps other regulators. But it’s not really a premium-to-surplus ratio or reserve-to-surplus ratio. It’s a view of what’s called really risk in force so to capital. And the industry has generally been operating around a 20 to 1 ratio and there’s variations on that for different kinds of businesses and so forth. But 20 to 25 is what, for once, what’s going on right now. A lot of the key competitors in that space are 23 to 25 to 1. And that’s the ratio, I mean the risk to the capital. So 20 to 1 would be 5%, 25 to 1 would be 4%. But again, that’s going to be a buildup over time directly as a function of our business plan.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Got it. So if I simply add up the risk in force numbers, I can easily come up with the capital number?
Mark Donald Lyons: That’s correct.
Amit Kumar – Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. That’s all I have for now. Thanks so much for all the answers.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks. Just one question on the reinsurance side is, we heard other carriers talk about just low level of non-Sandy, large losses in the fourth quarter. Did you see that on the reinsurance side at all in the fourth quarter?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, I think the quarter was good other than Sandy. We saw that.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So I mean, if we were to back out the crop losses that we’re in the underlying and the impact of sort of benign 4Q on that front, would it generally offset each other or just trying to think about what underneath this sort of noise, the underlying sort of look like reinsurance?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yeah, I would thing that’s a reasonable approach, backing out the crop. The crop is really outlier in this quarter out of the reinsurance segment. We could always talk about – there is always going to be a few large clients that come through here and there. So I would say that’s a fairly reasonable approach.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, great. And then second question on the portfolio, I guess I mean it looks like the turnover is pretty high, I’m guessing it’s not the entire portfolio that’s turning over a may be subset. Could you just give us a little of color on, what the strategy is there and where this activity is the source of the realized gains that you seen over the last few quarter?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, a lot of that strategy is that, first the subset is generally in the treasury auction space. So the treasury auctions would come up and we will participate perhaps to varying degrees. So yes, that would be a source of some of the realized gains. But it’s really done for liquidity purposes as well that over time the view of the yields of it, when you’re holding it for a while, it changes in the marketplace. But to your core question, it’s really the treasury auction space is the core source of turnover.
Mark Donald Lyons: And let me add to that, our philosophy is for total return. So we’re not going to hold some of this to maturity just for the simple reason that we can be clipping the coupons all the time. You will see opportunities that we can make a trade, our investment department will make the trade and I know you guys like investment income versus realized gains. But at the end of the day, we don’t really care too much. As long as our book value per share keeps going up, eventually what you consider core earnings versus non-core earnings – earnings are earnings. So at the end of the day, we like that approach.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. I guess the question is how much turnover? So it look like, if I just add all the cash that was up for the year, it looks like you’ve got about twice the total portfolio turning over in a given year, so roughly every six months. I’m guessing that’s not right, I’m guessing there’s a small sleeve of the portfolio that’s turning over, maybe three or four or five times. Is that what that – I mean is that level of turnover? 
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yeah, there is some portions of the portfolio, actually they have turnover six times. So…
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it, okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Just following up on Mike’s question, the reinvestment of the TALF assets, what’s that going to do to yield in the coming year?
Mark Donald Lyons: Well, the TALF had – first talk about what it does by not being there as opposed to what it’s reinvested in. There’s a two-pronged impact. You do have reduction in net investment income. But you also have reduction on interest expense, because this is a levered investment, it had some debt associated with it. So that was roughly a reduction of a million and change on interest expense and it was about two changes I think on the net investment income on a run rate quarter. Where that gets reinvested, it’s – you should, I guess really look at it as a distribution across all our asset classes. We can’t say the TALF numbers went specifically to this investment, specifically to a different investment.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We have an asset allocation. It goes to the different buckets and they get funded by either things that they mature, things that we trade, or things that come – do. So we don’t specifically say, we’re going to take the TALF asset and we’ve got to put it in this place. It gets into the mix and then the investment department would say, where do we have obligations? Like, we in our alternative asset classes, we have probably close to half a billion or one funded yet commitment. So when we get the calls from these managers, then we have an obligation to fund. So sometimes we will go to alternatives and if there is no calls for alternatives, we’ll put them into the regular portfolio.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Sorry, I guess, more specifically in numbers is, I’m trying to figure out what the impact will be in the coming year. I assume the TALF assets were generally high yielding compared to other stuff in the portfolio or maybe that’s incorrect?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It was high yielding, yes. The nature of it – it was…
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: So can we talk about the difference between the bet yield and what’s available to you in the market right now, I suppose?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it depends on which sector, right? The TALF yield was in the low double-digits. I don’t know if it was 12% or 15%, they’re about, but we have high yield investments in alternative space, which is exactly that. So I don’t know if we’re going to utilize all of it in the year or not. Every month, when we sit with the investment committee and our Chief Investment Officer, we decide where based on the asset allocation we have in the different assets classes where they’re going to put it. So it’s very hard just to tell you, is this going to reduce the investment yield by a point, I mean by 10 basis points or five or three or it will be neutral. My guess will probably be neutral.
Mark Donald Lyons: I think Josh, the one thing you perhaps should not do is look exclusively backwards at some of the net investment income or even of the total returns, because asset allocation mix has changed over time. It’s not necessarily reflected immediately, and as Dinos said, there are still unfunded commitments that clearly wouldn’t be reflected in the financial statement. So it’s got to be whether view towards a changing mix as approved by our finance committee that gets into some of these alternatives.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, that’s helpful. I guess the other question, looking the numbers maybe it’s just a crop. But it feels me of the accident year numbers in 2012 were higher combined ratio of the 2011 when you adjust for the luck of the good weather. Is that wrong or how do you view the two…?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, you got to see the mix as to there is that equation, and also you got to see as to where we choose to book the accident year. We’re not anxious to be aggressively booking good accident years. Even though that I indicates that we can, if we wanted to we just we feel nobody is taking their hand in our pocket taking the money out. So if it comes in the future, it will come in the future.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thank you very much.
Constantine P. Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Meyer Shields with Stifel, Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. When you talk about the excess capacity of excess capital that you believe you have, is that…?
Constantine P. Iordanou: We know we have, we don’t believe…
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yeah.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Make any such implications. Does that allow you to make riskier higher yielding investments in general?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, our approach to investments is, the investment department gets a capital allocation depending on the asset classes that and the amount of assets that we allocate in each one of the asset class. So yes, in general, in theory, the more capital you have, excess capital, it allows you to be in more asset classes that require more capital allocation. But we sit down with the investment department and we make those allocations and then we know what the capital grow will be, because at the end of the day, we’re very, very fond of our ratings and we don’t want to do anything to jeopardize those.
Mark Donald Lyons: And just for the sake of clarity, assuming nothing else changed, you’d wind up with the excess – if nothing else changed other than the ships to some of these other investments. The level of excess capital would drop because of the distribution of those assets getting a higher capital charge. So as we look at our excess capital, it’s fully adjusted for forays into riskier investments.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So that makes perfect sense. When you look at the return potential for casualty lines, the ones that you where you are pulling back. Is that anticipating sort of a risk free investment return or…
Constantine P. Iordanou:  Yeah, that is our approach. Our approach is if you have a five-year duration or seven-year duration business, some of these lines, they get – some of them they get excess come, it might even be 12 or 10-year duration. We apply the risk free rate to the calculation, yes.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks for clarifying that. Can you comment at all on the year-over-year decline in the fourth quarter reinsurance segment reserve releases?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I didn’t view it as a decline. At the end of the day, we do it ground up. A lot of their releases, they were short tail. I think two-thirds of it, it was all short tail. And we haven’t looked very hard on the long tail in this particular quarter. So, I wouldn’t read anything into it.
Mark Donald Lyons: And also you’re probably comparing it with the fourth quarter of last year whereas, I think the reserve releases over the course of 2012 have been probably7 relatively consistent as to back of the loans, but…
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, I was looking year-over-year, but this certainly is basically flat with prior quarters?
Mark Donald Lyons: Yeah, but it’s whatever comes out of the analysis.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And then you make judgments along the way, yeah.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital:  Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Hi, Jay.
Mark Donald Lyons: Good morning, Jay.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Can you talk about the ROE potential for the new differentiated types of programs you’re putting on? I mean, you talk about the purchase commitment for the mortgage insurance business, for example, I know you’ve gotten – you’ve had that business in Europe already and then of course, the UK motor reinsurance and trying to get a sense of what the ROE profile of those programs are relative to the rest of your book?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, don’t forget, in the mortgage insurance space, we believe that is a 15% ROE business and any can be better. It depends on your underwriting discipline and selections et cetera. Having said that, the UK motor is not quite as good as that, but it’s double-digits. And as we said in prior calls, if it drops below that we will be willing to walk away from it, if we can’t get double-digit returns. So that’s where those businesses are. Now, we have a high ROE business in other segments small announce, but for example, we just launch facility on the Internet to sell travel accident insurance directly. And if you go and decide is called RoamRight, you’d be able to see our offerings. Of course, it might take years before it become significant, but those businesses have pretty high ROEs and we’re excited about it. These things that we usually have incubation for sometime until we put them out, I think we did put a press release on that.
Mark Donald Lyons: Yes, we did. Yes, we did.
Constantine P. Iordanou: On RoamRight, yeah.
Mark Donald Lyons: And this had 27,000 hit so far and they’re extending the reach into other aggregators, but Dinos is right. And with the Internet play, there is some cost efficiencies.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: I see, okay. And then I had to jump on the call a little late. I don’t know if you talked about the outlook for share buyback in the second half of 2013 or is that just kind of weighing through it catastrophic activity influence?
Constantine P. Iordanou: We commented on that. So I don’t want to bore everybody. If you read my prepared remarks, you will see it.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. Take care.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital. Please go ahead.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Hi, good morning, Dinos.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Good morning, always in the back of the class?
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: I tried to get in the front, but Vinay and Amit had taken up all the seats, they roped them off, so I couldn’t get there.
Constantine P. Iordanou:  Okay.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: A few clarifications, first the MIY, is it not accretive at first years? Is there an amort that’s higher initially and then drops off or is it just the way the growth comes in? What’s the math there?
Mark Donald Lyons: Well, I think it’s pretty straight forward. It’s a labor intensive business. There’s a lot of infrastructure that’s needed for repurchasing and in addition to that with the employee forces in order to utilize that infrastructure. So just think of it as having over a short period of time, an employee force that outstrips the revenue generation and then that reverses itself.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Even though you’re acquiring a few years of in force?
Mark Donald Lyons:  Well, that’s correct. But what you look at is, the first couple of years, you have more of the in force run off, I’ll call it.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay.
Mark Donald Lyons: While the other one, the new business is ramping up. So one, kind of helps offset the other, but doesn’t entirely offset it.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Got it, okay. And then a couple of numbers ones, I think you mentioned the crop impact. I didn’t catch a number – about how much was that impact?
Mark Donald Lyons:  In the quarter, it was underwriting gain or loss. It was almost $8 million.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: $8 million okay. And do you have the reinstatements for this quarter end and last year Q4?
Mark Donald Lyons: Last year’s, well I have to get back. But this year, the reinstatements – you’re talking Sandy reinstatements?
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Exactly.
Mark Donald Lyons: It was about 10.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: 10.
Mark Donald Lyons:  Between 10 and 10.5 in this quarter.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Got it, and then just the last one, just – address to tell us again, I got a little confused. I think, Mark you said it was about $2 million or so quarter of investment? And then Dinos said, it was a 12% yield and it looks like a balances around $200 million. So $200 million of 12% yield would have be like $6 million of quarter, so what am I missing?
Mark Donald Lyons: Well, you have to get into the details. But it wasn’t be entire TALF. We, over the course of the year depopulated some of that mostly in the second half. So it wasn’t going to zero even in the fourth quarter would have had a partial reflection of it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: As deals that were coming off, it was throughout the year. So your calculation, you math is correct, but incorrect in the degradation of those amount. We can give you the details as to how it happened over the year. It wasn’t all done in the fourth quarter.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Got it, that makes sense. Okay, that’s all I have. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your next question is from the line of Scott Frost with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, I want to go back to your risk to capital assumptions for the CMG. Are you seeing that you’re going to run this over 20 risk to capital…?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yeah, 20 or less.
Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: 20 or less, okay, all right. So we’re planning to go back down to sort of the industry leaders were doing pre-crisis absorption over the mid teens, so that…?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yeah, it could be a little higher than that. But so it would be a conservative capital position. I think that’s what that business needs. You need some conservative underwriting and good capital allocation.
Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And your next question is a follow-up from Meyer Shields of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Just wondering, do you when you’re going to start breaking out mortgage interest in the third segment, in that first quarter or after the deal closes?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It’s after the deal closes. Once the deal closes then the immediate – the following quarter, we’re going to break it up.
Mark Donald Lyons: Which in all likelihood with the first quarter of 2014.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But it can be the fourth quarter. We’re close by the third quarter. But I don’t know. First quarter 2014, I think is a safe bet.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So I can procrastinate on that one?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I didn’t get into the names and all that, but Marc Grandisson will be the executive in charge of this segment. He already runs all of our reinsurance and then of course I did mention Andrew Rippert which is the most senior subject matter expert responsible for all of what we do in that space. And then David Gansberg will be our CEO at the PMI and CMG MI facilities.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Is there that rule of thumb that we can use in terms of, if there’s an extra $100 million of catastrophes in the quarter, what the impact would be on variable compensations?
Constantine P. Iordanou: The $100 million, it is coming from cats. It doesn’t have a huge impact because our compensation system, even though it’s purely ROE based, it spreads cat earnings and cat losses on a rolling five year average. We don’t want anybody to either get hurt or benefit. I don’t want them to bet their ranch for one year and then the next year, I have the major loss. So if our entire book of business deteriorates by a $100 million, I can give you the math surrounding that, because our incentive compensation is pretty straight forward. We are in 8% of that that’s the cliff at 15%, they get a 100% or 23%, of ROE they get 200% and they get 400% if we get into their the high 30s, and they may get nothing if we’re below 8%. So, what 100 million on the entire book does to ROE, it will give you the answer.
Mark Donald Lyons: Just to augment that a little bit, description was for the majority within the group of cat, which is in the reinsurance group, the minority let’s say 20% restaurants. The reinsurance group doesn’t smooth, because they already have smoothing, the healthy renewing covers and the cat program that they have.
Constantine P. Iordanou: This is on the insurance side?
Mark Donald Lyons: On the insurance side, so it’s getting aware that $100 million got felt within the group. It’s either smoothed over five years on the reinsurance side or if it’s really head the cat program response and therefore limits the impact of that.
Meyer Shields – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, that’s very helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just one quick one, and I think Mark you talked or Denis I guess talk about the PMLs in the net change from last year. Just was curious of property cat premiums and reinsurance and also non-cat property were bit higher in 2012 versus 2011, Q4 versus Q4? How should we thing about the cat load in reinsurance if that’s a fair question? And does that change a lot from what we might have thought it would have been before that?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I mean as we said, we allocate on the basis on the insurance the insurance versus reinsurances if I have five pennies of cat, I give four to the reinsurance group and one to the insurance group. So that’s our allocations. And then we leave it up to the cat teams to determine, which zones, how much as long as we don’t exceed the 25% to capital ratio that we superimpose from corporate down to the operating lines. So as you see, sometimes you will see some changes like the gulf was our high zone a quarter ago. Now it’s the northeast. We’re a little underweight in Florida. We had only $602 million in Florida. Sometimes we were even higher on a lesser capital a couple of years back. But those are the determinations of our cat underwriting teams as they see what comes in and do they like the rates et cetera. And in a lot of other zones, we’re not totally utilizing our capacity either because the available business is not there and/or we don’t like the rates. I’m talking about Japanese quake or wind or South American quake or Australian, New Zealand, whatever part of the world, we’ll be in very, very under weighed because in Europe for win because we don’t like the rating environments. And that’s individual company. We’re not thinking that we’re smarter than anybody else. We just have a different opinion. Other people who provide the capacity think they’re getting adequate rates. Our guys don’t feel they’re getting adequate rates, so we don’t utilize a lot of that capacity.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great, thank you so much for answering follow-up.
Constantine P. Iordanou: You’re quite welcome.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have no other questions. So I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you all for your patience, and looking forward to speaking to you three months from today. Have a wondering day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today’s conference. Thank you very much for joining us. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Strategy Committee, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance & Investment Committee and President of Arch Capital Group (Us) Inc Mark D. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division G. Alan Zimmermann - Macquarie Research Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P. Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ryan Byrnes
Operator: Welcome to the Arch Capital Group Ltd. Third Earning -- Third Quarter Earnings Call. My name is Richard, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants first to remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon the management's current assessment and assumptions and are subject to a manner -- a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in this call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished at the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. Mark Lyons. Gentlemen, you may begin.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Richard. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm sure you had a tough time getting in to where you are if you're in the northeast, but it's the same for all of us. We had a good third quarter, mainly aided by light cat activity and a low level of large losses. Unfortunately, Sandy has reminded us that storm activity can and will happen at any time during the hurricane season. On an operating basis, we earned $0.87 per share, which, on an annualized basis, represents a 10% return on equity. Our reported underwriting performance was very good, with a combined ratio of 90.2%, while our investment performance for the quarter, including the effects of foreign exchange, was excellent, with a total return of 245 basis points for the quarter. Cash flow for the quarter was strong at $335 million, an increase of $25 million over the year-ago quarter and $83 million over the second quarter of this year. Our book value per common share increased to $36.79, a 6.8% increase from June 30, 2012, and a 19% increase from a year ago. We also had very strong revenue increases for the quarter, which I will comment on in a few minutes. The market environment continues on a path of improvement across the board. Premium rate changes for our book of business ranged from essentially flat in some sectors to as high as 17% with long-tail specialty lines receiving the highest increases. As we mentioned in our last quarter call, 2 other trends of note are emerging in the U.S. Insurance Group. Our E&S submission activity continues to increase year-over-year, a continuing sign that standard line underwriters are returning more business to the E&S market, where in our view it belonged in the first place. The rate increases were greatest in this sector. Even with the rate-on-rate increases in these long-tail lines, given the level of investment yields currently available to us and our view of rate adequacy on an absolute basis, we believe that significant additional rate improvement is necessary in order for us to consider these lines attractively priced. In our reinsurance segment, our quota share business benefits from the underlying rate increases occurring on a primary basis, while reinsurance turns remained basically unchanged. The property and property cat lines remain attractive in many parts of the world. Although we were anticipating that nontraditional sources of capacity would put pressure on rates from the upcoming renewal season, Sandy has the potential of changing that scenario. From a premium production point of view, in our Insurance Group we are benefiting from the improving rate environment, as well as from increases in ratable exposure as we see our customers recovering economically slowly. In the reinsurance sector, on the other hand, our new initiatives continue to bear fruit and most of our growth is emanating from these activities. On a consolidating basis, gross and net written premiums were both up about 9%. Looking at growth by segment. The Insurance Group premium rose by approximately 4% on a gross basis and 2% on a net basis, with slightly over 1/2 of the increase due to increased rates. The reinsurance group's premium volume was up 23% on gross and 25% on net. These increases primarily resulted from new opportunities in U.K. motor and mortgage insurance that we spoke about in our last quarter call. Group-wide, on an expected basis, the ROE on the business we wrote this year would produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 9% to 11%. The rate improvement that I mentioned earlier will not affect the expected ROE, as the improvement in expected underwriting results has been largely offset by the reduction in expected investment yield. During the quarter, we did not purchase any of our shares. And as you may know, it is customary for us not to repurchase shares during the hurricane season unless there is a significant opportunity to do so because of stock market factors unrelated to Arch. I would like to take this opportunity to review with you our approach to capital management. As you may know, we have always, first and foremost, looked to deploy effectively our capital in our business. However, in those periods when it is not possible to do so, we will return capital to our shareholders. In determining the amount of excess capital that could be returned to shareholders, we maintain a safety margin above the rating agency required level of capital for our ratings. We believe that we are in a nexus position today, independent of the effect and impact of Sandy. As you may know, we have a table on our website that's indicative of our approach towards share repurchases. But it is only one of several criteria that we use to determine how to return funds to shareholders. This table reflects the time period required to earn back any premium of the book value per share that we pay for our stock. In addition to these 2, we also consider, among several or other factors, our assessment of the then current operating environment before we arrive at a decision. We continue to prefer share repurchases over special dividends, as we believe that share repurchases create better long-term value and benefit to shareholders while providing us with greater flexibility to adjust to future conditions and events. Based on what we know today, we expect to resume our share repurchases this coming quarter. Just a few days ago, Hurricane Sandy made landfall on the northeast coast of the United States and has obviously caused substantial damage. Although we expect that the company will incur losses from the event, as we provide property and casualty coverage across the affected areas, it is way too soon to reasonably estimate losses given the significant variables involved, the early state of the damage assessment process and the unusual nature of this event. Before I turn it over to Mark for more commentary on our financial results, let me update you on our cat PML aggregates. As of October 1, 2012, our largest 250-year PMLs for a single event were basically unchanged at $880 million in the Gulf of Mexico or 18% of our common shareholders equity. At $857 million in the Northeast and Florida Tri-County area, PML now stands at $653 million. Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Thank you, Dinos, and good morning, all. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net premium to gross premium in the quarter was 80.6%, essentially unchanged from 80.4% a year ago. In the reinsurance segment, the net-to-gross ratio was 97% in the 2012 second -- third quarter compared to 96% a year ago. And the insurance segment maintained an approximate 74% net-to-gross ratio. This 74% net-to-gross level in the Insurance Group is a result of our planned strategy to over the last 5 years grow the lesser volatile, smaller account businesses and significantly reduce our exposure in the higher severity businesses. The consolidated combined ratio for this quarter was 90.2%, with 3.7 points of current accident year cat-related events, net of reinsurance or reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2011 third quarter combined ratio of 94.4%, which reflected 8.7 points of cat-related events, also net of reinsurance or reinstatement premium. The 2012 third quarter reflected 2.3 loss ratio points from Hurricane Isaac, with the balance emanating from the other 2012 cat events, such as U.S. tornadoes and hail storms that occurred during the first half of this year. Additionally, crop business for the 2012 year, which Arch does not classify as cat, was booked to a 300% loss ratio against year-to-date premium, and this represents approximately $0.045 per share. The 2012 third quarter combined ratio also reflected 7.1 points of prior-year net favorable development, which also is net of reinsurance or reinstatement premiums and acquisition-related expense, compared to 8.5 points of prior-period favorable development in the 2011 third quarter. Approximately 75% of the net favorable development in the 2012 third quarter was from the reinsurance segment, with approximately 60% of that due to favorable development on short-tailed lines from more recent underwriting years, and 40% due to favorable development on medium- and longer-tailed lines, primarily from the 2003 through 2008 underwriting years. The remaining net favorable development coming from the insurance segment in the 2012 third quarter was primarily driven by shorter-tailed lines, mainly from the 2006 to 2010 accident years. Similar to the past, approximately 69% of our total net loss and loss expense reserves of $6.9 billion are IBNR and additional case reserves, which is a fairly consistent ratio across both the reinsurance and insurance segments. In the reinsurance segment, the 2012 accident quarter combined ratio, excluding cat, was 84.3% compared to 83.7% in the 2011 third quarter. The reinsurance segment result this quarter reflect changes in the mix of business, with a higher contribution from U.K. motor and mortgage reinsurance lines and a smaller proportion of property cat business than the corresponding quarter of 2011. In the insurance segment, the 2012 accident year combined ratio, excluding CAT, was 99.6% compared to 100.1% a year ago and 103% last quarter serially. The insurance segment had growth in programs, national accounts, surety and A&H lines, partially offset by reductions in U.S. casualty business, onshore energy and certain European professional and executive insurance business. The 2012 third quarter results include the effects of the April 2012 acquisition of the international credit and surety operations of Ariel Re based in Zurich, Switzerland. The acquisition, which was commented on last quarter, included $83.1 million of net unearned premiums along with other insurance balances, and was accounted under purchase accounting rules. One should note that under such rules, the unearned premium acquired was not included in premiums written, but is reflected in premiums earned on an ongoing basis. Net premiums earned for the 2012 third quarter from this transaction included $17.8 million from the acquisition, with the September 30, 2012 unearned premium reserve of approximately $49 million to be about 55% earned over the next 2 quarters and the dominant share of that balance earned within 1 year after that. The consolidated expense ratio for the third quarter showed 130 basis point improvement over the third quarter of 2011, with 60 basis points coming from an improved acquisition expense ratio and 70 points from a lower operating expense ratio. The acquisition expense ratio improvement was primarily due to a mix of business changes and shifts in the form and terms of reinsurance purchased within the insurance segment. The operating expense ratio improvement largely reflects expense management actions within the insurance segment, coupled with a growing net earned premium base. Net investment income in the 2012 third quarter was $0.53 per share, substantially unchanged from the $0.53 per share in the 2012 second quarter. Our embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.8% as of September 30 compared to 2.76% at June 30, 2012. The duration of the portfolio shortened slightly, 2.9 years from 3.01 years as of June 30. The total return of the portfolio was 2.45% in the 2012 third quarter, with returns in equities and alternative asset classes augmenting the returns on our fixed income portfolio. Excluding foreign exchange, total return was 2.17% in the quarter. Our exposure to Eurozone countries is listed in the supplement, with minimal exposures to countries currently undergoing severe economic hardships. Foreign exchange losses were approximately $17 million in the 2012 third quarter. However, when combined with the 28 bp gain and our total return provided through holding investments held in foreign currency, which translates to about $35 million, which is recorded directly to shareholders equity, the approximate combined net impact of foreign exchange was a positive $18 million or $0.13 per share to book value. Our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income in the 2012 third quarter was an expense of 3.1% compared to a benefit of 0.3% in the 2012 second quarter. The 2012 third quarter expense reflects primarily the re-estimation of the full year tax rate. Approximately 80% of the third quarter tax expense is associated with catch-up of the first two quarters of 2012 to this higher effective rate. The company's estimated effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income is 0.6% at September 30, and we project a full year range between a benefit of 1.5% and an expense of 2.0%. Of course, the actual full year rate could vary based on the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction in the fourth quarter. Current quarter preferred dividend expense of $5.5 million is 15% lower than that of the third quarter of 2011 and 28% lower than the immediately previous second quarter of 2012. This large reduction from the third quarter of 2011 is due to the refinancing of our preferred shares, by retiring Series A and B classes and replacing them with the more cost-effective Series C class. The reduction from the second quarter of 2012 was due to paying an overlap of dividends on the A, B and C shares just discussed. This quarter's $5.5 million of expense should be viewed as the new quarterly run rate from our Series C preferred shares. Our total capital increased to $5.75 billion at the end of the 2012 third quarter, up 15% from $5 billion at year end 2011. Our debt plus hybrid represent only 12.6% of our total capital, giving us significant financial flexibility. At the end of the third quarter, we continue to estimate, as Dinos has already mentioned, that we have excess capital over our targeted capital position. Book value per share increased 6.8% to 26 -- to $36.79 in the 2012 third quarter due to operating earnings and total return on investments. Book value per share has increased nearly 16% relative to December 31, 2011. With these introductory comments, we are now pleased to take your questions, and I hope to add a vivid tint to Dinos' always colorful comments.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Amit Kumar from Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: The first question relates to Hurricane Sandy and I know it's too early. If you were to go back and look at Hurricane Irene and then look at Hurricane Sandy, I would be curious to know what were the sources of losses for Irene and now when you look at Sandy, how would they differ in your view?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, there is a lot of similarities, but also there is a lot of differences. Too early, so take my comments based on what we know today and things will change. Both events' similarities -- both events, at least according to the New Jersey, New York and Connecticut insurance departments, they're going to be classified as tropical storms. So in essence, it will have an effect not dissimilar to Irene. The hurricane deductibles might not apply so the normal deductibles will apply. That, we model a bit and it gives you basically for commercial -- for a book of business that is half commercial, half personal lines, about a 30% increase in the ground up loss; for a personal lines on the book, it's probably a 50% increase. So that's the similarity on the factor. Where Irene did not have significant storm surge, this event, Sandy, had significant storm surge. And even though commercial policies, probably we have less disputes as to was it wind-driven rain and wind damage versus flood, because most commercial policies deal with the coverage of flood either by explicitly excluding it or including it with a sub limit. The homeowners policies exclude it, but then you have some dispute that are going to emerge from that. So it's -- that it will be different than Irene on the basis that up and down the coast, even downtown Manhattan, the South Shore of Long Island is a significant amount of damage that is from storm surge, which should not be covered by policies unless they bought flood insurance. Only time will tell us as to how that will get interpreted, and what losses might be put on the backs of the insurance enterprises. So that's what we know today. It's too early. This is a complicated storm with complicated issues. And probably we won't know for quite a bit of time. The one area that it's going to be totally different than Irene -- Irene did not have significant business interruption losses coming out of it. This storm will cause a lot of business interruption. The whole grid system is being devastated. Almost every small business owner is out of business. Small commercial policies don't have big time deductibles on the business interruption. They have an amount -- those amounts are going to be breached, and the business interruption can be significant, so -- but way too early for any one of us. I'm not smart enough to know as to how big this is. The only modeling we have done is what I mentioned to you that with or without the deductible, I think the loss balloons by 30% on commercial policies and about 50% on personal lines.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. And do you think the market is underestimating the demand surge component of the loss?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I don't know if they are -- nobody has come up with any estimates. Even the modeling agency, the modeling -- I mean, the latest we had, it was actually accu cut [ph] -- and it's a wide margin, $10 billion to $20 billion. I mean, $10 billion to $20 billion is 2 acts. I mean, that's not a pretty accurate prediction. I would -- if you have to press me, and this is based on what I've seen, no specific information that we have, I will go to the higher end rather than the lower end.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So, Dinos, you expect to buy back stock in 4Q from the prepared remarks, but it's also way too soon to assess the Sandy losses. So correct me if I'm wrong, I believe Arch's goal has been to never have more than 1.5% market share of a loss. So if you're planning on buying back stock, is there a readthrough there on how you're thinking about the Sandy loss?
Constantine P. Iordanou: All I can tell you is that independent if Sandy is $10 million, $20 billion or $30 billion or $40 billion, we have excess capital, so that would won't affect the decisions.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And we can take this off line, but I was -- why would -- it being classified as a storm and not a hurricane, why would that cause commercial and personal lines losses to be up 30% and 50%, respectively? I thought the delta between the deductibles was only like a few thousand dollars?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Not on the high-end homeowners policies. Usually, they might have a 1% deductible in the northeast for a hurricane. On a $2 million, $1 million home, even 1% it might be $10,000 or $20,000, but far significant that the $1,500 or $500 or $1,000 deductible that they want to be without this. So it's significant. Now, if you walked around in your neighborhood, you will see that this storm has caused a lot of damage, mainly to trees and shrubs and some outer buildings or maybe a tree fall on the corner of the roof, and it can be repaired for $10,000, $15,000. If it was a hurricane loss, that might be totally within the deductible. By being classified a storm, that might be a $10,000 to $12,000 to $15,000 recovery from the insurance company. When you aggregate that over factors and some risks, it becomes significant. That's why when we model it and we run this -- we run a data set of personal lines exposures, with or without that parameter, and we saw that it was 50% more.
Mark D. Lyons: And Mike, if I may just add one thing to Dinos' comment. Is that to an assumed cat book, once the seeding company hits its attachment point, the losses are then disproportionately shared. So every buck that is contributed through all these aggregations Dinos was talking about gets shipped upstairs to the cat carrier.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. So lastly, totally unrelated. I believe Arch has a "ventures group", which recently added someone from a competitor, which is a leader in the joint ventures business. Can you talk about your plans there?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I don't know if we have a ventures group. I mean, that's news to me. But -- so I don't -- I mean, we have individuals who are looking and they have the assignment to look for both on the investment side, alternative investments and on the business side to look at opportunities for us to do either side cars or alternative structures. But if that's what you're referring to, yes, we have both, but it's no different as to how we approach a business over the last 5 to 10 years. And now we're just kind of having specific assignments to individuals. This way, we get better control as to how we do it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb from Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Do you think the impact of Sandy might influence the discussions of the January 1 renewals season? Whereas previously, we were hearing property cat rates could be flattish as of January 1, do you think this could influence both the supply and demand functions?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I'm going to go against my mother's wishes not to make guesses. But I think depending on the size, and I'm more of the pessimist here, as I mentioned, that I think this is a bigger loss to the Insurance Group than some people estimate. It should have an effect on how people think about the cat risk and how they price it. Yes, there is new fresh capacity coming in from hedge funds and/or private equity funds that they view the cat area as a non-correlated area for them to put some money to work. And of course, supply of capital always puts pressure on rates. But I think this might waken up some people and say, "Hey, maybe what we're charging is -- needs to continue to be charged because we do have these kind of catastrophic events." And if I have to guess today, I would tell you that if there was significant pressure for rates to go down, probably that pressure has been relieved a bit, and there might be a possibility, especially on individual programs that they're going to get hit, that you might get even some rate increases.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Can you discuss Arch's inbound reinsurance program in terms of protection against Sandy loss?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, Mark, why don't you -- yes, for the Arch Insurance Group, as to what our attachment point is...
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, we have a -- we attach at $100 million and we have coverage up to basically $350 million. And we always view our purchases as balance sheet protection, not income statement protection. So the higher up it goes in the program, is the higher the balance seeded away from it to virtually all seeded at the top. So we feel we're pretty well protected. However, we have to pay attention to the enuring [ph] covers that are there, and there's material cat absorption within the quoted shares that we have protecting that book.
Constantine P. Iordanou: The first number he gave you is just purely the cat book, but there is a lot of cat protection within our specific treaties protecting our different books of business on the property. We take most of our cat risk on the reinsurance side. We -- as a matter of fact, I think I mentioned this before in other calls, when we allocated PMLs, we allocate approximately $5 of PML to reinsurance versus $1 to insurance. On the insurance side, so we try to buy as much protection as we can. So we don't allow the insurance group to cycle over the 1-in-250 event. So we buy based on our modeling enough coverage to protect us for the 1-in-250, and we assume the deductible at the bottom.
Mark D. Lyons: And clarifying comments, Dinos was making the contrast before between commercial and personal life exposures. The insurance group doesn't have any personal line exposures, firstly; and secondly, just as a clarification, Dinos' comments before -- he'd mentioned that he thought things might be underestimated from the Insurance Group as opposed to the intent of the insurance industry.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Of course. Okay. And then finally, in the reinsurance segment, we still see large growth coming out of the new programs. How many more quarters should that persist before it normalizes on the growth rate?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it depends what happens on renewals, right? I -- these are lumpy deals. If we continue to have the ability to continue to renew them, they will still be there. But I can't predict the future, that's why we're not in the business of guidance and we're not projecting revenue. We're not a company who runs on revenue. The only thing I hold people responsible is the deals they write, that they have some positive return. So we're bottom line oriented, not top line oriented. We will continue to be as such. When the growth comes, it should come with a profit, and if it doesn't, so be it.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Of course. I was just looking to isolate when those programs came on so that we can think about the rate of change in premium growth year-over-year. Did most of these new programs come on in 3Q...
Constantine P. Iordanou: We -- it came -- the mortgage insurance started in the -- exactly a year ago. It was the last quarter of a year ago and it continues. And of course, it goes into the future. And the motor, it was the beginning of the year.
G. Alan Zimmermann - Macquarie Research: First quarter of '12.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vinay Misquith from Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on PMLs for the Northeast. You've given us the 1-in-250, which is great, but just hoping that you could give us maybe the 1-in-100 or 1-in-50 PML for the Northeast, too, please?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes, I think we have the 1-in-100. Give me a minute or 2 and I'll dig it out.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. Just a follow-up on that. How do you see this loss sort of in terms of PML? Is it more like a 1-in-50, 1-in-30? How does it look to you?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, from which perspective? From size of loans or frequency of event?
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: From the PML perspective, when you do your forecasting for what the PML should be...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Believe me, [indiscernible] is not a 1-in-100, it's probably a 1-in-30 or 40 or thereabouts. Of course, some people, they say 1938 was the last time we had something of that sort, but things are different. We had Irene, and Irene was a smaller storm, but it was only a year ago. So -- now, you said -- the 1-in-100 PML for us for the northeast is $525 million compared to the $857 million that it was for the 1-in-250.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. And do you happen to have the 1-in-50 by any chance or is that asking for too much?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I don't have it in front of me. We can run it for you, but usually, we don't spend a lot of time worrying about the 1-in-50 or 1-in-100. We spend a lot of time worrying about a 1-in-250 because we want to make sure, and as I said in many other calls, independent of what event we have, the 1-in-250 event, we want to survive it and emerge on the other side with unimpaired capital and ability usually to grow the company because the opportunities, once you have a 1-in-250 event, they're going to be enormous for those that are still standing. And I don't want to be just standing, I want to be able to be running at the same time.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Right, right, fair enough. And so I'm just thinking about the 1-in-100 versus the 1-in-50, and I'm sorry for just belaboring the same point. Just -- would there be a significant sort of stepdown from a 1-in-50 to 1-in-100 because a lot of the losses really are on the higher layers of programs?
Constantine P. Iordanou: You got to understand where we play on the curve. We don't like to be on the 2 ends of the curve. We don't like to be exchanging dollars and be way down low, so small storms are not going to give us a lot of losses. And we don't want to be way up above on the top, like the $40 billion and above, because we don't believe you get paid enough even for the cat risk to take those kind of bets. So usually for us, it's midsize storms. So if you're talking about a 1-in-10, 1-in-20, which is the bottom end, our numbers are going to come way down, way down.
Mark D. Lyons: And one other clarification, Vinay. To augment what Dinos said about where we play, it's the extent to which we play. So as you go from 50 to 100 to 250, whatever on the curve, its censoring effect of policy limits and cat limits put out come into play so it can't grow beyond that amount.
Constantine P. Iordanou: For example, if I gave the 1-in-1,000, which we do, it's not going to be a significantly higher number than the 1-in-250. Because as I'm telling you, I take most of my cat risk on the reinsurance side, which I'm controlling aggregation of limits. So in essence, at some point in time, the world can go to oblivion, and it is what it is. And we want to survive those kind of events because one thing we will never do is bet the company, independent of how big the event is.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And on the reinsurance side, are your exposures half and half between personal and commercial or is it more weighted ?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I don't know if it's half and half. I -- we don't view it as such, so I don't have a number. But in knowing the accounts that we're on, it's hard to tell because a lot of the companies that we participate on, they have both commercial books and personal lines books. And without having the files in front of me, I don't know if their commercial book is bigger than their personal line. But I would say, probably our book is probably half and half from an exposure point of view. Some clients, they will have a bigger commercial portfolio than personal line, and some, they're going to be vice versa, but we have many clients.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: All right, fair enough. And you guys are also -- I mean, they're reasonably big fac writers, so do you have some extra reinsurance protecting that book or...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Our fac book is not a cat book. We take some risk on the fac book mostly on flood limits, specific flood limits here and there. But it's not a book that is a traditional cat-exposed book. It's more of a fire and other perils-exposed book, and that's what our facultative teams do.
Mark D. Lyons: And in terms of analyzing it, it's really a sister process to the Insurance Group. You've got deal-by-deal information and much more granular in your ability to analyze it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Locraft from Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have 2 sort of follow-ups from items. First on the deductibles issue, it's obviously a big reinsurance -- it's going to hit the reinsurers hardest as a segment. Who determines what the storm actually was when it hit shore? Is it when the eye wall passed over, if there was an eye wall? Is it wind speeds, is it -- I mean, what defines it and whose the arbiter there?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it's wind speeds and you have Noah who is going to give different measures. And unfortunately, you have also the regulatory process at the end of the -- listen, if you don't like what the regulator says, you can always end up litigating it, but I'm not going to make that determination. I'm not in the personal lines world, et cetera. Listening to some of the calls, I think already a major personal lines company says they're going to abide by what the insurance department said. Once they do that, you got this follow-the-fortune clauses in the reinsurance contracts so the reinsurers are going to behave in the same manner because they have no way out of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Heimermann from JPMorgan.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, one question I had was -- and this just gets to exposure. When you talk about the reinsurance side, how does the facultative book that you have kind of change the exposure in this type of event relative to kind of a more traditional wind event that has a higher personal lines component to it?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I'm not totally understanding your question. How does -- what the facultative book changes which parameter? Hello?
Operator: I'm sorry, his line has dropped. [Operator Instructions]
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I don't know what happened. But sorry for asking the question poorly. You have your direct and facultative business within the reinsurance business. I would assume that, that's virtually all -- that's all commercial business. And so I'd just be curious when we think about your performance in past events, if that facultative book potentially means you get -- you maybe have a different performance, maybe a little higher scare of losses than you would in kind of a traditional wind event, which is where there's obviously a bigger personal lines component as a percent of the total. And then just be curious if that's true, are there other offsets when you think about your portfolio in total?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's -- on the fac book, as I said, is on the reinsurance side. On the reinsurance side, we do both treaty and fac. Our fac book is not a cat book. So in essence, a lot of what they write is excess limits on fire policies, not including the cat component. So they don't -- they're not searching to write a lot of exposures that give us a cat loss, flat or wind kind of losses. They're more of a fire book, and I think of it as an excess fire book. Occasionally, we do write some accounts and they're all commercial, that they will have a cat component to the coverage. But it's very, very small. Just to give you an example as to how small it can be, when we allocate PMLs to the different units, right, the nationwide PML allocation for our fac book is about $75 million. So it's not a cat-driven book of business.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful color. I guess, the other -- just a numbers question for Mark, was the -- if I'm doing the math right, then that would imply there's about a $6.5 million pretax impact from crops if we want to think about the net dollar impact.
Mark D. Lyons: Matt, you hit it exactly.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, all right. Good to know all the risk from time to time.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Listen, we booked it at maybe a higher combined ratio than most. But to us, it's such a small piece. I'd rather get it right than get it wrong. So nobody is going to stick their hand in my pocket and take the money out, unless I have to pay it. So if I have it out that is good; if I don't, I can always return back to shareholders.
Mark D. Lyons: Just to clarify, we say the $6.5 million, that's ultimate loss not the amount of the loss in excess of the premium. I mean, that would be $4 million plus.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. That makes sense. I was just trying -- I was just trying insulating the per-share comment you made. Then I guess the last one is just in terms of business. I think you have a slightly, maybe not surprisingly either, but conservative view of kind of where returns in the market are and might be going because of rates. But if you do get more optimistic, and if rates look -- move up and you get more optimistic, what types of business mix shifts could we expect to see kind of on a product basis within your insurance and reinsurance portfolio?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, let me give you a couple of comments on that and then I'll turn it over to Mark because before becoming CFO, he ran the Insurance Group, too. So he was seeing the information on a granular basis. One area we have shied away from consistently now, both on the insurance and reinsurance side, is what I would call excess, like umbrella business, specialty casualty business. This is an excess workers comp which has shrunk significantly, workers comp on a guaranteed cost basis, et cetera. Now if you interpret my comments, my prepared comments, we still don't like those segments even though those are the segments that they're getting the most significant rate increases. Because our view from an absolute point of view and where new money rates are on the investment side, doesn't give us the economics that we expect from that business. But if we get another year of rate on rate, I believe that those are going to be getting above the thresholds. And as we've done in the past, don't forget, we had a lot of casualty business in '03, '04, '05, '06, we're not afraid to step on the accelerator at that time, but we have to make that determination that on an absolute basis, based on the current investment environment for these long-tail lines of business, we're getting the right economic return. Mark, do you want to?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes, Dinos' right on point. I'd think the key thing to reemphasize is the way we look at things. And we look at things first and foremost on an absolute basis, not a relative basis. So the fact that rates in some of the lines that Dinos' mentioned, say excess casualty, are getting double-digit increases and they've gotten increases in excess to loss trend probably for the last 3 quarters. But given our view, on a relative basis, that sounds great. On an absolute basis, we still think it has a long way to go. When you move to the other example of excess comp, because the duration of that is so much longer, it's about 16 years compared to the excess cash being about 7 years, the leveraged effect of interest rate movements is gargantuan on that line. And interest rates will be the primary driver of turning that to a green light line of business. So the answer is a line-of-business by line-of-business, sometimes class-of-business decision process where we open the -- I don't believe I'll say open the floodgate given Sandy. But if those decisions will be made at that level, but driven by our view of the absolute returns.
Operator: Our next question online comes from Ian Gutterman from Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: First, just one last thing on the fac book, and then I just have a question on PMLs in general. Like you said, you obviously don't think of that fac book as a cat book, but always the consequences of sort of these unexpected cats is we get non-modeled cat losses, right? Things that we didn't think were cat ended up being cat. Is there anything you see, though, about Wall Street-type risks or things that are maybe Central New Jersey that you used to not think of as being in a cat zone, or Pennsylvania that maybe could estimate fac exposure?
Constantine P. Iordanou: We looked at our books, yes, we have some. We might have excess limits on some restaurants. We might have that potentially there is a coverage for business interruption emanating from even a flood event or -- but nothing that makes me worry about it, knowing what our book of business is. You see it's going to be -- the business interruption issue is going to be more complicated than some people think because is it flood that caused Con Edison to go out or is it wind that caused them to go out and not supply certain areas? And is that restaurant now having contingent business interruption, claiming it on his policy on the basis that he can't get power to run the restaurant? There's going to be -- you've got to look at the contracts, you've got to look at interpretations and that's why I think we'll be talking about the size of this Sandy loss 5 years from today. There are going to be disputes, there are going to be interpretations that need to happen.
Mark D. Lyons: And Ian, one other piece of color on that, and Dinos has kind of hit on it earlier. We can't estimate the size of this loss. I mean, the damage ability or the damage assessment is still in process, let alone dollars that will be -- start to be attached to it. But one comment we can make is that in a general way, there's a difference between subject books of business. So whether it's wholesale-driven and in the surplus lines of market or whether it's retail-driven businesses, there is a difference on how it's approached. Most E&S business and property exposures explicitly have storm surge excluded from their definition of wind. And if you want that to be included, it's endorsed on specifically as a flood cover. On some of the retail businesses, because they're good at their jobs, over time, especially in the Northeast since that was viewed as a fire PML and not really leading as cat, but a fire PML basis, terms started to slack off over time and what crept in was the definition of storm surge within the wind definition itself, not to have an explicit flood cover to have it done. So those kinds of morphs will play out. Like Dinos said, "Until you have a contract in front of you, it's very difficult to gauge."
Constantine P. Iordanou: Ian, I can't take the underwriting out of him. I made him CFO, but he still goes back to underwriting. I don't know.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: That's good. I like it. Just to follow up on that point, so let's say it ends up being -- power loss being covered as for BI. Does the coverage period end when the power comes back on? Or is -- if the power comes back on but the person can't get up to speed because they have to clean up their flood damage, which wasn't covered under BI, are they still covered the whole time they're out or until only the power comes back on?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, no, they're covered until they go back on business. So usually, let's say they need an inspection by the food -- by the Public Safety Department, usually, I'm using the restaurant example, you can't just turn on the lights and say I'm open. You've got to call the city and they come and they inspect and then they give you the green light, and it says you can reopen, that's the day you have reopen, that's the day that determines that you're back in business.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Okay. And then just on the PMLs. Northeast has always been a big zone for you, close to your peak or at your peak at times. Can you just talk about sort of what you've liked about the Northeast as a zone? I mean, you seem to have a higher exposure to it than other companies. And I know you said there's a mix of personal and commercial, but anything else you can you help us understand as far as how to think about your exposure in that zone?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No, no. The Northeast I don't think is -- a Gulf is even bigger than the northeast for us. It's just the density of the population and the kind of clients we have, which we write these nationwide contracts. And as they have a higher exposure in the northeast by taking the nationwide program that we make the evaluation as to should we write this client or not based on their nationwide exposure, it might give us a bit more in the Northeast than it might give us in Florida, for example. Because a lot of these nationwide clients have tried to manage and reduce or even eliminate exposure down south, southeast, because they don't -- the frequency of events down there is a problem for them. So -- but we're not uncomfortable with what we have in the Northeast and it wasn't a determination by us that we need to have more in the Northeast. It was more the outcome of evaluating nationwide contracts for nationwide clients and because where the values are, we got a little bit more than we have in Florida.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Okay, got it. I just wasn't sure if you were seeking out sort of a regional-type cover up there or individual risks or stuff like that. It's more of the national kind of covers, then.
Operator: Our next question online comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Question -- just a follow-up on an earlier comment you made, Dinos, about the ROE that you kind of -- the underwriting-year ROE you think you're operating that at, 9% to 11%, is that using all your capital? Because you also said you have excess capital. Do you take that out of the equation when you get to that ROE calculation?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's using the allocated capital. So with this -- the lion's share of it, I mean -- all right, don't forget, it's not rating agency capital, it's also the cushion, we allocate that to the units. So you might take a few hundred million above it and deduct it, but basically, it's an allocated capital that we calculate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Byrnes from Langen McAlenney.
Ryan Byrnes: Just one quick one. I may have missed it , but can you give your overall rate increases on the insurance side? And then quickly, just to get your thoughts to see if -- what your thoughts are, I guess, insurance rates, I guess, post-Sandy? Will that, I guess, materially accelerate increases?
Mark D. Lyons: Well, Ryan, for the Insurance Group, it was roughly 4% across-the-board. We kind of alluded to it in our comment. 4% does not mean 4% across-the-board. There's pretty strong variance. Dinos already mentioned that we're anywhere from 0% to 17% in the quarter, depending upon the line and the pocket of business. I think what usually happens, but I can't -- I don't have a perfectly clear crystal ball, is that the property cat rates will move and other things may or may not languish. It's -- it depends what the ultimate cost of this is to the industry and whether or not it's an earnings event or capital event that emerged out of it.
Constantine P. Iordanou: The only color I will say, that's the rates on the Insurance Group for our books of business. On the reinsurance side, especially on some of the new lines that the rate increases are much more significant, especially in the mortgage insurance space. So we don't -- because we make underwriting decisions on contract-by-contract, et cetera, we don't try to pay way too much attention to just rate increases. We're looking at the absolute level of the rate we're charging for a particular book of business and do we believe that gives us an adequate return or not. And that's where we aggregate those calculations to get to the decision point. And that's why I gave you a range, 9% to 11%, because I don't know how my mix might or might not move over the next quarter or 2 quarters, et cetera, because we have geared our underwriting teams to go where they believe they can get an adequate return. So they'd be pushing to the double digit, but I got to hedge a little bit, I'm the CEO, so.
Operator: At this time, I show no further questions. Mr. Iordanou, Mr. Lyons, do you have any closing remarks?
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. Thanks, Richard. Thanks, everybody, for attending. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Executive Strategy Committee, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance & Investment Committee and President of Arch Capital Group (Us) Inc John C. R. Hele - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Mark D. Lyons - Member of Executive Strategy Committee, Chairman of Arch Worldwide Insurance Group and Chief Executive Officer of Arch Worldwide Insurance Group
Analysts: Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Ryan Byrnes Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2012 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dave, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not be than historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current reports on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would like to turn the call over now to your hosts, Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. John Hele. Please proceed.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We had a terrific second quarter. But before I get into the details, I would like to address the management changes we have announced at Arch. Joining me on the call today are both John Hele and Mark Lyons. This will be John's last call as Arch's CFO as he's leaving to join another financial services firm. I would like to take this opportunity to thank John for his contributions to Arch over the past 3 years, and we wish him the best in his new endeavors. I'm not going to re-welcome Mark Lyons since he has been my partner for the past 30 years as we have worked together first as insurance rookies at AIG then onto Berkshire Hathaway, Zurich and now, of course, with Arch. Mark calls it both a blessing and a curse that he has been with me for such a long time, but it has been a great 30 years, at lease from my perspective. And in his new role as our CFO, the curse part will take precedence as he will be sitting right next to my office in Bermuda. We are also pleased that David McElroy will be replacing Mark as the Chief Executive Officer of our Insurance group and that Michael Murphy will become President of our U.S. underwriting operations and will also be our Chief Underwriting Officer for the Worldwide Insurance Group. I have tremendous confidence in these individuals and our entire senior management team in both our Insurance and Reinsurance group. Accordingly, we are well positioned at Arch to move our business forward based on the improvement we see in the market opportunities and market conditions. All of these appointments, once again, demonstrate the deep bench we have built at Arch and our ability to promote first from within and to give all of our people the ability to grow professionally over time. Now let me turn back to our quarterly results. On an operating basis, we earned $1.2 per share, which on an annualized basis represents a 12.3% return on equity. Our reported underwriting performance was excellent, with a combined ratio of 87.2, while our investment performance for the quarter, including the effects of foreign exchange, was satisfactory, with a total return of 63 basis points for the quarter. Cash flow was $252 million, an increase of $30 million over a year ago and $100 million over the past quarter. Our book value per common share was $34.45, a 3.4% increase from March 31, 2012, and a 12.2% increase from a year ago. We also had very strong revenue increases for the quarter, which I will comment on in a few minutes. The market environment continues to show improvement across the board in our U.S. Insurance business, where we have the strongest statistics both by volume and granularity. Rates increased on a weighted average by approximately 4%, which is 1% better than last quarter and slightly above our weighted averages loss trends. Two other trends of note are emerging in the U.S. Insurance group. In our specialty lines, we achieved an average rate increase of 6%, so our specialty business is a bit stronger than standard. And our E&S submission activity increased year-over-year, another sign that standard lines underwriters are returning more business to the E&S market, where it belongs in the first place. To us, these are indications that the market is moving into new territory of gradual improvement, although we cannot call it a trend as of yet. Even with a better rate environment, given the level of investment yields currently available and our view of rate adequacy on an absolute basis, we believe that longer-tail lines still require substantial additional rate improvement to become attractive, at least to us. In our Reinsurance segment, rates on a risk-adjusted basis continued to improve significantly in many areas of the world in the property and property cat lines, while all other lines remained basically unchanged, although our Reinsurance business benefits from the underlying rate improvements of carrying on the primary basis. For the recent Florida renewals, we achieved mid-single digit rate increases, and were able to deploy additional capacity. From a premium point of view, in our Insurance group, we are seeing some benefit from the improving rate environment as more accounts meet our underwriting standards. In the Reinsurance sector, on the other hand, our new initiatives are bearing fruit and most of our growth is emerging from those initiatives. On a consolidated basis, our gross written premium was up 15.3% and our net written premiums increased by 16.1%. Looking at growth by segment. The Insurance group's premium rose by approximately 6.5% on a gross basis and 6% on a net basis, with slightly over 1/2 of the increase due to increased rates. The Reinsurance group premium volume was up 35.7% on gross and 32.6% on net. These increases primarily resulted from new opportunities in U.K. motor and mortgage insurance that we spoke about last quarter and from the global property and property cat lines of business. Groupwide, on an expected basis, the ROE on the business, we wrote in the second quarter of this year, will produce an underwriting year ROE in the range of 9% to 11%. The rate improvement that I mentioned earlier will not affect the expected ROE as the improvements in premium rates have been offset by reduction in expected investment yield. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any of our shares, and as you may know, it is customary for us not to report our shares during the hurricane season unless there is a significant opportunity because of stock market factors unrelated to Arch. Having said that, there is a reasonable likelihood that we will reinstitute our share repurchase activity in the fourth quarter of this year. Before I turn it over to John for more commentary on our financial results, let me update you on our cat PML aggregates. As of July 1, 2012, our largest 1-in-250-year PMLs for a single event were $878 million in the Gulf, or 19% of common shareholders' equity, and $846 million in the Northeast. Our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $645 million, just slightly above what we reported in the last quarter. With that, let me turn it over to John. And John, again, thank you for your contributions.
John C. R. Hele: Thank you, Dinos, and good morning. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net premium to gross premium in the quarter was 78%, essentially unchanged from the 77.5% a year ago. In the Reinsurance segment, the net to gross ratio was 94% in the 2012 second quarter compared to 97% a year ago. This difference in the Reinsurance segment was due to a fully funded quota share retro property cat treaty executed in the 2012 second quarter. Our overall operating results for the quarter included a combined ratio of 87.2% with 1.0 point, or $7 million, of current accident year cat-related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2011 second quarter, which included a combined ratio of 100%, reflecting 14.8 points, or $95 million, of cat related events, also net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums. The 2012 second quarter amount reflected second quarter U.S. storm activity, which primarily impacted the Reinsurance segment, partially offset by reductions in estimates on 2012 first quarter cat events in the Insurance segment. The 2012 second quarter also reflected favorable development on the 2011 and prior cat events, primarily in the Insurance segment. The 2012 second quarter combined ratio also reflected 8.6 points or, $63 million, of estimated prior year net favorable development, compared to $58 million or, 8.9 points, in the 2011 second quarter. Approximately 70% of the net favorable development in the 2012 second quarter was from the Reinsurance segment, with approximately 60% of that due to favorable development on short-tail lines from more recent underwriting years and 40% due to medium and longer-tail lines from earlier underwriting years. The remaining 30% of net favorable development was from the Insurance segment in the 2012 second quarter and was driven from short-tail and medium-tail lines mainly from more recent accident years. In the Reinsurance segment, the 2012 accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, was 81.5% compared to 80.2% in the 2011 second quarter. The Reinsurance segment's results in 2012 reflect changes in the mix of business with a higher contribution from U.K. motor business and some specific opportunities in medium and longer-tail lines. In the Insurance segment, the 2012 accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, was 103% compared to 102% a year ago. The Insurance segment's results in the 2012 second quarter reflects slightly higher attritional losses in medium-tail lines. The 2012 second quarter results include the effects of the April 2012 acquisition of the international credit and surety operations of Ariel Re based in Zurich, Switzerland. The acquisition, which is not material to tangible equity, included $83.1 million of net unearned premiums along with other insurance balances and was accounted under purchase accounting rules. Under such rules, the unearned premium acquired is not included in premiums written but will be reflected in premiums earned. Net premiums earned for the 2012 second quarter included $17.3 million related to the unearned premium acquired, with the remainder primarily expected to be earned over a 2-year period. Net investment income in the 2012 second quarter was $0.53 per share or, $74 million, compared to $0.54 per share or, $74 million, in the 2012 first quarter. Our embedded pretax book yield before expenses was 2.76% in the 2012 second quarter, the same as in the 2012 first quarter. We lengthened the duration of the portfolio slightly to 3.01 from 2.75 in the 2012 first quarter. The total return on the portfolio was 63 basis points in the 2012 second quarter compared to 187 basis points in the 2012 first quarter. Excluding foreign exchange, it was 104 basis points in the 2012 second quarter compared to 160 basis points in the first quarter. Our exposure to eurozone countries is listed in the supplement, with minimal exposure to the current countries of interest. Foreign exchange gains were $32 million in the 2012 second quarter. However, when compared to the net 41 basis points loss on the investment portfolio from investments held in foreign currencies, which works out to be $50 million, recorded direct to the shareholders equity, the proximate combined net impact of foreign exchange was a negative $18 million or a $0.13 per share to book value. This net negative impact is due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against almost all major currencies. Our effective tax rate or pre-tax income in the 2012 second quarter was an expense of 0.3% compared to a benefit of 2.4% in the 2011 second quarter. 2011 second quarter benefit reflected a tax effect of the second quarter cat losses as well as a re-estimation of the full year tax rate. Book value per share increased 3.4% to $34.45 in the 2012 second quarter due to operating earnings and total return investments. Book value per share has increased by 8.5% in 2012. As I mentioned in our last call in April, we issued $325 million of Series C preferred shares for the 5-year non-call period. We also announced the call of our $325 million of Series A and B preferred shares at par. The net savings in coupon cost is 120 basis points per year or $3.9 million. As previously announced, taking account all cost reissuance over the 5-year non-call period, we expect to save a net 63 basis points in annual cost in the next 5 years. In the second quarter, preferred dividends were higher than normal as we paid an overlap of dividends on the Series A and B classes and on the new Series C class for a short period. Our total capital increased to $5.4 billion at the end of the 2012 second quarter, up from $5 billion at the end of 2011. Our debt plus hybrids represent only 13.4% of our total capital, giving us significant room towards additional capital in the future at our targeted rating. At the end of the second quarter, we have excess capital over our targeted capital position. Today, after the market closed, the 2011 global loss triangles report will be published on our website. As Dinos has mentioned, I'm leaving Arch to pursue another opportunity at a major financial institution. I have very much enjoyed my time at Arch. I thank Arch for all that they have done for me. And I wish to reassure everyone listening that in the future, I will switch your side of the call, being a very interested shareholder. With these introductory comments, we're pleased to take your questions.
Constantine P. Iordanou: David, we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Mike Zaremski of Crédit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Dinos, it's maybe a naive question, but I'm going to ask it still.
Constantine P. Iordanou: There is no naive questions. All questions are good and welcome.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Good to hear. So do you feel the results in the primary Insurance segment are satisfactory given the current market environment? Or is there initiative to maybe prune out underperforming businesses? And I asked that because I'm looking at the accident year.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's an excellent questions. First, we -- that's an ongoing process. A tree is never healthy unless it's pruned all the time. So in essence, we look at all of our profit centers. And where we need improvement, we execute a strategy for improvement. And where we have satisfactory results, we try to grow that business. Having said that, based on the existing market conditions, the activity in our Insurance group is acceptable to us. It's satisfactory. And in a lot of segments, we're looking to grow. The rate improvement is coming. Don't forget, we always look at our business on a policy year basis. And one quarter's accident year doesn't tell the story about who we are from a profitability point of view. One of the things that I have encouraged in past calls analysts to do is since 50% of our book of business is short tail, medium tail, that might have attritional volatility in one quarter. A better measure to see if there is a margin improvement or margin contraction is to do a trailing 12 months calculations. I guess it might be -- you guys, I know you're very busy and you might not be willing to do that, but it will give you a better indication. Specific to the Insurance group, this quarter accident year, it was influenced by one-time attritional losses. We have 2 losses in the surety sector. That might give you the wrong impression about the healthiness of the underlying book. But in answering the question, yes. Some divisions of ours were defensive. You can't totally exit the market, so you take defensive paths there. You write less business, you might move to smaller accounts, et cetera, and not allocate resources to grow that. And in some other sectors, we're looking to grow.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And John, maybe I missed this in the prepared remarks. Can you just comment on the new money investment rate?
John C. R. Hele: No, I didn't mention that. It's essentially about the same as -- for we're looking at. I think it was about 2% to 2.5%. We're not buying German bonds or things like that with negative returns. We're looking for some nice -- we have some opportunities here and there that's getting us into that range, which is a big spread over U.S. treasuries, if you look at treasuries today. There's some call-protected mortgages we're looking at and a few other things. And we're also diversifying the book around the world with some other bank loan funds that we may get some investment income in. But it's still a challenging investment environment.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Unembedded yield hasn't moved. You saw it was 2.74 writing on the first quarter. And this quarter it's exactly at the same level.
John C. R. Hele: So we've been able to maintain it with through some of these other activities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Heimermann of JPMorgan.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, one -- the first question I'd have is you put in one of the press releases last night the announcement of the executive management strategy committee. And I guess, I'd be curious just what the catalyst was for forming that group because to some extent, I would have thought there probably was a similar group that already existed. And also, whether or not we should be -- what the rationale was for disclosing the formation of the group. I don't know if there was some subtle message you were trying to send to all of us or potentially I'm over reading.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, there is only one message. You're correct in your assessment. Even though I get this bad reputation sometimes as CEO that I lean a little bit on the dictatorial side, I'm not. I'm very collaborative guy, and I try to get multiple people's opinion in the way we operate the company. And it's maybe my loud voice that gives me the bad reputation. But we did operate as a company on that basis for years. We -- and some of you and that's why it's no surprise to you, you knew that because you asked that question in other meetings, et cetera. The only nuance of us announcing it is usually in the past, it was kind of me and the Reinsurance guys if the issue is coming up, strategic or acquiring a team, it was falling into the Reinsurance sector, and me and the Insurance boys, if it was on the Insurance side. When I say me, it's me and Vollaro in the past and me and John Hele presently. And it will be John and Mark Lyons in the future -- me and Mark Lyons in the future. So Now I think because where the market is going and also reviewing the activity we had in the last year, we've seen more and more of these calls and these opportunities, and I said, "I think we'll benefit from the wisdom of putting both Insurance and Reinsurance and holding company personnel together in our discussions as to should we pursue this opportunity or not or should we." So internally, it's not going to be a big change. It's business as usual. But by putting it in an announcement, at least, I'm telling the world that's the way we're operating. So it's no surprise to anybody as to how we do things at Arch.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then is it fair to read from that comment then that it kind of reflects of what we've talked specifically about some of the opportunities this year -- credit, mortgage, reinsurance, what have you. That kind of out flow of things continues in a way that it necessitates those.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. It's usually -- and it goes even beyond the 6 individuals that I have. That's just to air and get a first opinion on a particular opportunity, and if we decide that we're going to pursue it, we'll probably -- usually we get a little deeper and we expand it, too. But our culture of managing by working around is not changing. I talk to the guys all the time; I'm on the phone. I'm not to their chagrin, I'm not what I would say a meetings-and-appointment guy. I hate meetings and I hate appointments. It's free flow of information, free flow of communication. We talk to each other and the conference room is anywhere from the coffee station all the way into the bathroom. So at the end of the day, anywhere I have the opportunity to talk to our guys, we are -- that's the way we operate. And we're going to be as simplistic as that.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Fair enough. That's helpful. I guess, John, just on the mortgage reinsurance business, is -- I mean, we've talked kind of in generality about how to think about this business in past calls. But if we back out kind of the catch-up premium in the quarter, is that a reasonable kind of run rate to use for this business?
John C. R. Hele: Yes. Because a lot of it is earned monthly, so it's pretty steady. It's not as lumpy certainly for the contract we have for this year.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, that's helpful. And then just from a margin standpoint, just the combined ratio, I mean is that from a mixed standpoint? Is help or hurt kind of the way we would think -- the way we would have thought about margins in the past?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the mortgage business has very good margins, if the question is when do you recognize it. And we like to be conservative on the recognition of the margin. At the end of the day, nobody ever puts his hands in my pocket and takes out my money. So by reserving conservatively, at the end of the day, you see how things go. And if things go better than you expected or as you expected, usually you have favorable development. But this is a new line for us. We're very careful about how we analyze transactions. And also we're very careful as to how we're booking these transactions for the simple reason we got to see how we will perform over years.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: In looking at your investment portfolio, you guys took the lumps early on, I think. I look at your competitors. You might have one of the lowest investment yields of any of your competitors out there. And when I look at some of your competitors, even those located stateside, they're earning 3.5%, 4% yield and they have tax-preferred securities. When you're thinking about strategy, when are they going to feel the pinch? Because they have been earnings those yields for now 3 or 4 years, and it seems like nothing gets those yields down. What's your strategizing when they're going to have you raise prices and you might see some business coming your way because you've already made those adjustments?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Listen. I don't know, Josh. How do I know? I don't go and spend my time analyzing somebody else's balance sheet and see what kind of investments they make. You know that if you're going to have a much higher yield, you're taking investment risks. At the end of the day, I don't have to tell you. I mean, you know that better than I do. We are conservative in our approach to investments on the basis that I think the people, our shareholders who buy our shares, they're not doing it because they think we're going to take undue risk in the investment side of the balance sheet to stretch earnings. They're buying our shares because they think we're prudent variants of capital and good underwriters in the insurance business. And I think that's the kind of investor that we want: people will have confidence in our abilities to analyze risk, price it appropriately and writing prudently.
John C. R. Hele: Josh, you also have to factor in thinking about our mix of business now being more short tail, our duration, we've been a little shorter and we've been cautious on it as well. If you look at other competitors, you have to think what business do they have. Are they longer tail or are they...
Constantine P. Iordanou: What would be a duration of their businesses are.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, yes, that's right. So as we shifted to more short tail, it's natural that our duration would be shorter, and therefore we're going to have a slightly lower investment yield.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, of course. And then anything thing about 2013 propensity to deploy capital in non-fixed income, will there be change in your appetite?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, yes. Yes, I think we are allocating more into alternative investments. But it's not a significant amount of money. I would put in the range of maybe $0.5 billion out of $12.5 billion in order for us to find other opportunities. And recently I was in the Far East with our Chief Investment Officer, looking for different funds that maybe we'll present us opportunities for better return and we're going to allocate a little more of that. But it will be done the Arch way, conservatively done.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So we won't feel it as investors?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Not immediately. We don't -- I hate boiling water. So when I put my toe, I put it to make sure that maybe the edge of my skin gets burned, but nothing more.
Operator: The next question is from Jay Cohen of Bank of America.
Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. One, numbers question, one bigger picture question. On the number side, John, can you talk about the amount of your fixed income portfolio that is maturing in dollars next year?
John C. R. Hele: I don't have the exact number handy. Our duration is about 3, and it's fairly evenly -- it's not barbell-ed in how we do that. So you just have to just take an approximation on that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But we can do some work and then we can -- if that number is very important to you, we can -- call John or Mark and we'll figure it out.
John C. R. Hele: Yes. But it's fairly straightforward.
Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, a follow-up. That would be great. And then the second question for whoever wants to opine. It does feel as if the capital markets have played a pretty significant role in the reinsurance, specifically in the cat side. This year it seems to be growing. How much of a threat do you see this being going forward?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it depends on their return characteristics. At the end of the day, the cat business, it's a model business. Usually you see a significant expansion of capacity with the sidecars and capital markets jumping in when they think there is really good returns, and that thing disappears pretty quickly when they believe the returns are inadequate. Now depending what -- where these new opportunities come -- hedge funds, pension funds, et cetera -- and what the expectations for normalized returns in that business is, it might or might not affect us to what the opportunities are for us and the rest of the cat writers. Looking at what we -- and you saw our volume. Our volume expanded, so we wrote more in that and we wrote more at the same time that prices went up. Maybe they didn't need everybody's projections, but in the line that is on an expected basis, having good returns, getting another 5% or 7%, it improves the environment for us. Having said that, I can't predict the future. I mean, if a lot of cat bonds get created with low return characteristics, et cetera, they might take a slice of what we do away from us. But I haven't seen it yet. It's not in the billions and billions of dollars of PML capacity that the cat business requires. Even all these peripheries, they're not a significant part of the cat business. Mark, you want to add something? This is Mark Lyons, by the way.
Mark D. Lyons: From the perspective of a provider, one of the perspective Dinos just said, I think it makes a lot of sense. From the perspective of a purchaser, which has really been our history in the Insurance group, we've been very focused towards having indemnity covers, and we've looked from time to time at the capital markets. We certainly don't want to take this risk, but beyond us, I'm speaking on behalf of the purchasing side the industry, you really have to evaluate what's basic risk. You have to evaluate cost up top. And I think to a large extent, it's going be increasing the model driven. And so it's going to be -- and the behavior of the purchaser can be just as important as the cost coming out from the provider.
Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's a good point, Mark. And this is one quick one. I assume in your Reinsurance group, you don't write much related to agriculture.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We write a little bit. I think -- what is our total payment? $3 million or $4 million.
John C. R. Hele: Yes, $3 million.
Constantine P. Iordanou: We have some XOL on core -- but it's not a big line for us, it's not a big line for us. We're not a big reinsurer of the agribusiness. Of course, we have a team in -- we're starting to write international crop business out of our team in Zürich, Switzerland, but that's non-U.S. exposures.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I don't know if I'm reading too much into this, but I noticed in both the Insurance and the Reinsurance side, you're having decent growth in casualty. And, Dinos, you commented earlier that overall rates for longer-tail lines don't look good. So I was wondering if you could maybe talk about that a little bit.
Constantine P. Iordanou: You have to go back in our definitions. Let me remind you that the Reinsurance group puts all professional liability, D&O and what we would call liability business, either primary or excess liability, into the same group of casualty. So don't read into it. That is sectors that we don't like. We continue to not like primary liability, excess liability, umbrella liability, all of that. So anything that we have done in the Reinsurance group is more in the professional lines.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess you're comfortable with that?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. Could you speak a little closer because you're barely coming through?
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: No, not a problem at all. Is that -- I'm trying to think what sort I'm asking. Are there rising rate improvement in the professional liability lines that you like?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It depends on the sector. The small accounts of professional liability sector is still attractive to us, both on the Insurance side and the Reinsurance side. The large accounts still require, in our view, significant rate. Mark runs the Insurance group, so I'll turn it over to him. He might give you.
John C. R. Hele: Maybe I'd add on the Insurance, we also had some Canadian treaty business and casualty written in the quarter. There were some of that in the Reinsurance.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Right. Right. Mark?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. On the professional liability side for the Insurance group, we've had an initiative started about 9 months ago out of the U.K. specifically focused on the SME business. That has grown to about -- it went from perfectly nothing 9 months ago to an annualized $20 million to $25 million, mostly because in the London market, business follows well-known acts of underwriters. And we have people with excellent track records who have fabulous distribution ties and know the business and match it appropriately and so forth. So to us, that's a good trade-off and it's a high net business because of its lesser volatility aspects.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Vinay Misquith with Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question on the primary insurance operations. There seems to be a pickup in the loss ratio. And I think you talked about it. I'm sorry I jumped on late. How much was the surety impact on the loss ratio this quarter, please?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Mark, what was it?
Mark D. Lyons: Yes. Today, what we really have was -- surety is a little bit of an odd duck, number one, because we evaluate surety. I call our businesses on an underwriting year basis. So it really becomes a bond-effective base. So when you have a surety event, it actually affects multiple underwriting years across the times that the contractor was given a work program size from us. But the way the accounting works when the event occurred is considered discovered in that year. So we've had 2 events that were "discovered" in 2012...
Constantine P. Iordanou: In the second quarter.
Mark D. Lyons: In the second quarter that really have bonds and underwriting decisions that have been scattered back over several underwriting years. So that being said, the 2 losses that we're talking about, net basis, accumulated to about $13 million, and what the -- it's where the actuarists went through, and the overwhelming amount of that was additive to the totals that was there. So as a result, taking that into account, I would say it's roughly $11 million of impact on -- so basically 2.5 loss ratio when you cut through all of the detail.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And...
Constantine P. Iordanou: That's why, Vinay, if you do trailing 12 months, it takes property losses and one-time events like that and it smoothes it out a little bit. It can you a better indication as to if you have margin contraction or margin expansion.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just look at the trailing 12 months, it just seems that the primary insurance operations is getting a combined ratio of around 103%, 104%. Do think that's appropriate at this stage or do you think that there's a scope for bringing that down?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It depends on the mix, and our mix is changing. And I think it's a little less than 103%, 104%. I don't know how you got those numbers. But at the end of the day in the Insurance group, we believe that our margins, they're probably at the lowest level of acceptability for us and because we've got a lot of segments that we were on a defensive mode. Having said that, we're starting to see some of the profit centers now gaining more traction because with the rate increases and not having reserve issues to deal with. It allows us to gain back to the acceptable profitability. Don't forget, I'm still in the 9 to 11 ROE range and that includes all of our business and we have significant sectors, both in Insurance and Reinsurance, that way north of that. So I can tell you, I have profit centers that they are barely keeping their head above water, probably earning 2%, 3%, 4%. And the tough question there is, should you continue to do that? Well, I play defense on those. I try not to grow them, but you don't want to aggravate because you exit, you might not have the opportunity to come back and reestablished market relationships, reestablish underwriting teams, et cetera. If long term, we believe that particular product is going to provide good profits for us, we look at that from a long-term perspective and we play defense in the tough times.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Just...
Constantine P. Iordanou: And then that philosophy, I mean, I talked about it all the time. It hasn't changed and it's a balancing act. Yes, our Reinsurance group is performing extremely better than the Insurance group, but that's true with the entire marketplace. Mark, do you want to add anything to it?
Mark D. Lyons: Vinay, I know that Dinos tried to talk about this on many different quarterly calls. But let me tell you, we are very active cycle managers. We view this like you would view a portfolio of assets. So we have constant reallocation, we have different defensive strategies, offensive strategies. Take for example some of the numbers Dino has quoted in the specialty book in the U.S. getting 6%. This is our second consecutive quarter of having 100-plus basis points higher, at least, on loss inflation. You're not going to see that manifest itself into accident quarters or calendar quarters. That's an underwriting-quarter basis and it bleeds itself in. You'll start to see the benefit of that especially if the pricing continues at this level in future quarters. That's the first thing. The second thing is at some of the discussion of loss ratios and so forth, our evaluation as you would expect, is cash-flow based. Our return on capital is updated every quarter based upon what the actual achieved rates and other views takes anything into account. So we're looking at the expense ratio componentry. As we write more of the smaller accounts, they come with lower loss ratios but higher acquisition costs. And that is why we've been so meticulous on managing down the G&A piece of the expense ratio because we knew that those things would be lockstep. We're looking at all aspects of it, not just one element.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And Vinay, let me remind you, go back in history, in '02, '03, they thought of us as the dumbest company on the face of the earth. And then we got real smart, I guess. It was the same guys, I don't know. Maybe I had a brain transplant somewhere in between, and in '05, '06, '07, we became a smart company. But we call it like we see it. We do a lot. We're technocrats. We do a lot of analysis, and if we believe there is profitability in a particular group. I'm not afraid to turn the guys loose to go and get the business.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then one last, a numbers question. Just wondering, the premiums from the credit reinsurance team that you got from Ariel, have you guys record any written premium this quarter, not earned, written?
Constantine P. Iordanou: John, do you want to go through that again or?
John C. R. Hele: No, it wasn't that much because they raised -- this is all mainly Jan. 1 type of business.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. So we should not expect any premiums for the balance of this year but maybe Jan. 1 next year? Correct?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes.
John C. R. Hele: In general. No, there'll be some written because the trade credit is written also throughout the year.
Constantine P. Iordanou: And I don't know all the surety treaties is the rule -- international surety, it is all January 1. They might have. But it's not going to be significant, Vinay.
Operator: The next question next is from Ryan Byrnes at Langen McAlenney.
Ryan Byrnes: I want to give you a question. You mention that you're likely to resume your share repurchase in the fourth quarter. I just wanted to see if that's reflective of, I guess, fewer of the kind of the one-off underwriting opportunities that you guys have, I guess, announced recently.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we still have an eye for those, but also look at the capital position. It's growing. You're having good earnings quarters. It keeps adding. So like I said, I didn't say I'm doing it. I said there is a good likelihood. That was the words. So if nothing comes -- we don't do transactions for the sake of doing transactions. We don't acquire teams for the sake of acquiring teams. It's a balanced approach. If we find a great team that fits our underwriting mode, we're going to be them in. And we don't really care about what part of the cycle. We're not trying to time the cycle or anything of that sort. If you have good athletes, good things will happen to you. When we brought the people from -- into our executive assurance area, it wasn't the best of times to say, oh, I want to really expand and run as fast as I can in that sector. But when you get extremely good athletes, you want them on your team and. So that's been our approach, not knowing how many of those might or might not materialize. And we've got things in the hopper. I can't tell you as to what my capital position is. But if we have significant excess capital come the fourth quarter and there is nothing on the horizon, I'm going to invest on me.
Ryan Byrnes: Okay, great. And then, secondly, I think you guys mentioned that this quarter was kind of the inflection point. It was in your insurance operations where your rate increases were, I guess, outpacing your loss cost increases. I just wanted to get your thoughts as to when, I guess, on an earned premium timeframe where you think that inflection point will flow through.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Mark, go ahead. He's -- if you're running your own insurance group, he's an actuarist also. I'm surrounded by -- I'm drowned by actuarists.
Mark D. Lyons: So in spite of that deficit -- I'll get there. And answer the question. I think you should look at mostly it's probably first quarter 2013 on. First off, there's a lot of things you have to make assumptions of. To the extent that these things don't continue if this is a flattened out marketplace, you're not going to see them as readily. It if continues or the rate of increase in -- if prices escalate further, you're going to see it's going to compound itself. You're going to see it marginally in the next 2 quarters, and I say moderately into the first half of 2013.
Ryan Byrnes: Okay, great. And then can I actually ask that for the Reinsurance segment as well or is that harder to calculate for it?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. I mean, don't forget, a lot of what we do in Reinsurance, other than our excess of loss piece of the business, which is mostly in the cat area, it's quota shares. So any market improvement in the primary benefits, it follows our reinsurance. If you're not changing seating commissions of -- the betterment of the market by the seat, then it will reflect in your numbers as an reinsurer. And it would be pretty much the same now. For us, the excitement of a market turn is the ability of a lot of the opportunities we see both either individual accounts in Insurance and/or treaty opportunities in the Reinsurance is to make the cut because a lot of times, we put our terms and they're not accepted by the market. As the market improves, even though it's gradual the improvement, a little more makes the cut. Don't forget, the advantage of Arch is twofold. Number one, we have terrific people. So when the market interacts with us, they're talking to knowledgeable underwriters. And that's important. Number two, we have pristine balance sheet. A+ $5.4 billion of total capital. People like to transact with us. So we see a lot of the stuff that we want to see. The question is can we be competitive enough, maintain a real margin for us, be competitive in order for us to win some of these? And we see a little bit of that coming our way. Nothing that makes me jump up and down, but you can hear from my tone I think I'm a little more excited now than I was a year or 2 ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So I just wanted to clean up on a couple of issues. Given the amount of business you're writing in the differentiated deals, the large deals, can you give us a sense of what you feel your excess capital position is currently?
John C. R. Hele: We're not going to be specific anymore on the exact amount, but it's not a bad margin above where we target. And we'll see how the earnings come out for the rest of the year. It's moving into cat season, so we never know. But I think we're in a comfortable a position.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. And the target being?
John C. R. Hele: S&P AA. So 2 notches above our current rating.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. We're A+. We run it at AA.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you. All right. And then on the I guess more of a numbers question. On the Reinsurance segment, if I'm looking at the $72 million of other specialty premiums that were in 2Q as well as the $26 million of other reinsurance, my sense of those are just -- that's where the new deals are showing up. Is that the right...
Constantine P. Iordanou: I think yes.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is that the right run rate quarterly going forward in terms of net and premium volume?
John C. R. Hele: Yes, for as long as we keep the U.K. and motor around. And that's where the -- and the crops that will be -- hopefully, those might be ticking up as the new crop guys and the international surety guys do some business from that. And U.K. motor, we keep it as long as it's going to be profitable.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. What's the earned premium look like on that? Is it ratable over 4 quarters or is it stretched out more?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the motor is only 4 quarters. The mortgage is longer because you're earning it on a monthly basis and the trade credit is normal. It's like the motor.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So the earned premium progression might be a little slower than that.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Right. But don't forget, on -- you know that we have a -- the one-time earned because of purchase accounting, that is not going to earn over '12, but it was over the 8 quarters. So you've got to make that adjustment, right? If you go back to the prepared remarks John had, the unearned premium, even though we took no written premium because of the accounting peculiarities, that unearned premium, which was only the $17 million for the second quarter, it has a patent that it goes out 8 quarters.
John C. R. Hele: And just to be clear for you, other specialty includes the U.K. motor and the crop business, whereas Other that season will have [indiscernible]. Other includes the mortgage insurance. So they're 2 different sections.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Right. And on the U.K. motor, I mean, that's been a -- for the primary company, that's been somewhat of a challenging line. Do you have a stop-loss protection in place on your reinsurance contracts?
Constantine P. Iordanou: We have -- it's a sliding scale, that kind of a deal, but it gives us a lot of downside protection for upside profit commission we give to the season. So our deal is -- we're very, very comfortable with that deal.
Operator: And next question is from Matthew Heimermann of JPMorgan again.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just on -- this is just for my own edification, but just on surety, should -- with all the talk around municipal bankruptcies and cities potentially exercising that option strategically, does that have any blowback impact on surety? I guess what I'm saying I don't really knew where our contractor critical projects stand but...
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's mostly the healthiness or unhealthiness of a contractor and how good and collectible is your collateral. Because it's that combination. On surety, you have different situations. Sometimes you may have a contractor who runs into financial difficulty. He might be competent. He might be competent to complete the job, but he's having difficulty with payroll, et cetera. In that, you might extend in your claims process, you might extend credit to them and let them help them finish the project so you don't have purely a surety loss. And then you work out the based on how much collateral he has and you collect from him. Sometimes the contractor -- it's so weakened that he lost a lot of his personnel, et cetera, so you choose to throw them off the job and then you bring a new to complete it. It's a lot of different workouts in surety. But most of your losses usually come because a contractor is in trouble, not where the municipalities are in trouble.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, I understand that aspect. So I just -- I guess I was wondering with respect to how a contractor who's in process on something would stand from a creditor standpoint if a municipality that had sponsored the project actually went into bankruptcy.
Mark D. Lyons: Well, let me go a little and answer it a little bit differently. Besides the fact that we've reassessed our volume on that over time and not have as much, the thing you've got to think about over a whole book of business is the relationship to a local contractor with the regional banks. That's where they're really getting their extension of credit and other working capital base. So we spend a lot of time interacting with our D&O people who have more of a Side A approach, which is more of a bankruptcy credit risk perspective, and interacting with our surety people because they're underwriting the D&O on a lot of our local and regional banks. At least we have that experience. And we try to make sure we identify pockets around the country where that could be an exposure, and we've avoided them as a result.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Getting back to your concern, yes, there is a little bit of concern that if that contractor doesn't get paid, so he's doing a lot of work for a municipality and that municipality doesn't pay and he gets tied up in court, that means his cash flows get affected. And now you're making a determination, should you extend credit to him so he can complete the job? The bond is not in play, but you're waiting for that fight because he got to win against the municipality, collect his money before he can reimburse you. So financial difficulties, independent if they come from the municipality or the contractor itself, there are concern, and we do continue to monitor all of our contractors from that perspective. What are their outstanding balances? Who is paying? Where the contracts are? Is it for the government or is it the municipal government or is it the state government? Because a lot of these projects that they get bonded usually is for public work.
Operator: We currently have no further questions. So I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, thank you, all, for attending. John, again, all the best in your new endeavors, and we'll hopefully even find some opportunities to do business together.
John C. R. Hele: Thank you very much.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Have a wonderful day. It's lunchtime so enjoy your lunch.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine P. Iordanou - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance & Investment Committee and President of Arch Capital Group (US) Inc John C.R. Hele - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Keith F. Walsh - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P. Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Keisha, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements made in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.  Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website.  I will now like to turn the call over to Dinos Iordanou and Mr. John Hele. Please proceed.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, Keisha. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We began 2012 with good results, improved production and a more positive outlook on market conditions. On an operating basis, we are in the $113.7 million or $0.82 per share, which on an annualized basis represents a 10.4% return on equity.  Our investment performance for the quarter including the effects of foreign exchange was good and it total 187 basis points and our reported underwriting performance was very good at the 90.1% combined ratio. This performance was aided by reserve releases from prior years, which came predominantly from short-tail lines. Cash flow for the quarter was strong at $144.8 million, which was lower than the first quarter of 2011 due in part to a higher level of paid losses.  Our book value per common share was $33.33, a 4.9% increase from December 31, 2011, and includes the impact of the new DAC accounting standard. The market environment continued to show improvement across the board. From a rate change standpoint, almost all of our lines move into positive territory with rate increases, which are slightly above loss trend.  In our U.S. insurance businesses, overall, rate increased on a weighted basis by approximately 3%, which is slightly above our weighted average loss trend. Globally, rates for our insurance businesses were up approximately 2% on a weighted basis.  In the traditional primary lines of business, we saw favorable rate movement with general liability up 7%, auto liability up 3%, umbrella liability up 6% and workers' compensation up 5%. As a specialty underwriter, our participation in these lines is limited, but I hope that these numbers gives you a flavor of the general market conditions that we are seeing.  There were 2 exceptions to our overall rate trends -- positive rate trends. Large accounts' health care is lagging other lines with a 7% rate reduction and executive assurance rates on the whole have remained essentially flat for the quarter. Even with the improvements in the rate environment, given the level of investment yields currently available, we believe that longer-tail lines still require substantial additional rate improvement to become attractive.  In our reinsurance sector, rates continue to improve significantly in many areas throughout the world on a readjusted basis in the property and property cat lines, while all other lines remain basically unchanged, although our Reinsurance business benefits from an improvement in the underlying rate increases our clients achieve.  From a premium production point of view, we're seeing some benefit from an improving rate environment as more accounts meet our return standards. On a consolidated basis, gross written premiums were up 10.6% and our net written premiums were up 13%. The Insurance Group was up approximately 8.4% on a gross basis and 9.2% on a net basis. The Reinsurance Group was up 18.8% -- 14.8% on a gross basis and 18.4% on a net basis. This increase has resulted from new opportunities in U.K. motor business that we spoke about last quarter, global property and property cat business and new participations on professional liability lines.  Substantial rate improvements in global property catastrophe markets allowed us to participate in a more meaningful way around the world for the first time in our history in areas such as Japan, Australia and New Zealand.  Group-wide, on an expected basis, the business we wrote in the first quarter of this year will produce, based on our estimation, an underwriting year ROE in the range of 9% to 11%. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any of our shares. As we mentioned last quarter, this decision was influenced by several potential opportunities that were presented to us, 2 of which we were successful in closing early in the second quarter.  We're pleased to welcome our new colleagues at Credit & Surety team, which has joined us and will work out of our Zurich office in our Zurich operations. Historically, this group, has written $80 million to $100 million of net premiums, although there is no assurances on how much of this business will be able to renew on Arch paper. Today, we are pleased with the way the customer base has to the transaction and the financial strength of Arch.  We were also successful in closing an attractive mortgage reinsurance quota share contract. This contract which covers new prime originations from October 1, 2011, to December 31, 2012, enables our cedent to expand their available capacity in a very attractive market for mortgage insurance. Since mortgage insurance is earned over many years and a significant portion of the underlying business is written on a monthly basis, most of the premium will be recognized in our income statement over the next 3 to 4 years. Both of these transactions were unusual and neither contributed to premium volume in the first quarter. We continue to have a number of potential one-off transactions, in our pipeline. However, these type of transactions require long lead times and generally, the biggest obstacle to close them still remains the wide spread between the bid and asked. As always, we are looking for opportunities to expand our underwriting capabilities organically.  Today, we have been successful in several of our attempts. We view these as investments in talent and capabilities for the future and we're beginning to benefit from these initiatives. While the degree of success of these additions in the short term will depend on market conditions, we're confident that over the long term, they will prove to be successful and will contribute to the value of our enterprise.  Our philosophy on capital management has not changed, we prefer to deploy our capital in our business and absent the ability to do so, to return it to our shareholders. Although the current operating environment is encouraging, we still do not have a clear visibility on the degree of improvement in market conditions or on our ability to close some of the deals that we are working on. As a result, we will continue to take a wait-and-see attitude with respect to share repurchases until we see the future with more clarity. Before I turn it over to John for more commentary on our financial results, let me give you an update on our cat PMLs. As of April 1, 2012, our largest 250-year PML for a single event were $860 million and is in the Gulf area. And it represents approximately 19% of common shareholders equity. Northeast stood at $826 million and our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at $608 million or approximately 13% of common equity, which gives us an ample capacity for the upcoming Florida renewal season in June and July of this year. With that, I'll turn it over to John and after his comments, we will take your questions. John?
John C.R. Hele: Thank you, Dinos, and good morning. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net premium to gross premium in the quarter was 81% versus 79% from a year ago, reflecting the relative growth in the Reinsurance segment. Our overall operating results for the quarter had a combined ratio of 90.1% with 3.4 points or $23 million of current accident year cat-related events, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to the 2011 first quarter which had a combined ratio of 110% reflecting the 28.2 points or $179 million of cat-related events, a gain out of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums.  The 2012 first quarter current accident year cat events included the February and March U.S. windstorms and the Southeastern Australian floods. In addition to these natural catastrophe events, the 2012 first quarter combined ratio reflects 3.7 points or $25 million for the Costa Concordia marine event and the Elgin oil platform event, net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums. The Costa Concordia event was estimated at $19.6 million at the lower end of our previously announced range as we now expect a total industry loss of approximately $1 billion. The 2012 first quarter combined ratio also reflected 7.1 points or $48 million on estimated prior year favorable development compared to $58 million or 9.2 points in the 2011 first quarter. The net favorable development in the 2012 first quarter was driven by the Reinsurance segment with approximately 60% due to favorable development on short-tail lines for more recent underwriting years and 40% due to medium and longer-tail lines from early underwriting years. The net slight adverse development in the Insurance segment in the 2012 first quarter reflected an increase in loss picks to the claim development on a specific subset of our casualty book in older accident years and a small number of international D&O claims from recent accident years in our executive assurance book. Such adverse development in the Insurance segment was substantially offset by better than expected claims emergence in property and other short-tail lines. Our loss estimates for the 2010 and 2011 cat events did not change materially in the 2012 first quarter.  In the Reinsurance segment, the 2012 accident year combined ratio, excluding cats was 82.80%, higher than the 75.3% in the 2011 first quarter, primarily due to the Costa Concordia and Elgin events noted above. The Reinsurance segment's results also reflect changes in the mix of business with a higher contribution from the U.K. motor business and some specific opportunities in medium and longer-tail lines.  In the Insurance segment, the 2012 accident year combined ratio excluding cats was 99.7%, basically the same as the 99.9% a year ago. The expense ratio was 32 points in the 2012 first quarter, substantially unchanged from a year ago with a slightly higher acquisition ratio reflecting a higher level of commissions related to prior-year reserve development, offset by a lower operating -- other operating expense ratio, which benefited from the higher level of net premiums earned.  Net investment income in the 2012 first quarter decreased to $0.52 per share or $74 million compared to $0.59 a share or $80 million in the 2011 fourth quarter. Our embedded pretax book yield before expenses was 2.76% in the 2012 first quarter compared to 2.98% in the 2011 fourth quarter. As compared to the 2011 fourth quarter, the spread over treasuries for many of our selected new investment asset classes reduced during the 2012 first quarter, thereby reducing the investment income potential for new investments.  We also now have a larger portion of our assets that have a lower yield for greater opportunity for total return. At the current yield curve, with a 3-year treasury at 40 basis points and continued relatively lower spreads, we are now reinvesting on an overall blended basis at between 2% to 2.5% yield, but expect the total return to help with some upside. We continue to remain short with the duration of 2.75% on a high-quality investment fixed income portfolio, which protects our capital in rising interest rate periods but also further contributes to lower investment yields. The total return of portfolio was 1.87% in 2012 first quarter compared to 82 basis points in the 2011 fourth quarter. Excluding foreign exchange, it was 1.6% in the 2012 first quarter compared to 95 basis points to the 2011 fourth quarter. While certain components of total return are not reported in after-tax operating income, the total return generated in 2012 first quarter was significantly in excess of the available fixed income yields and helped increase book value per share.  Our exposure to Eurozone countries is a gain listed in the supplement with minimal exposure to the current countries of keen interest.  Foreign exchange losses were $21 million or $0.15 per share in the 2012 first quarter. However, when compared to the net 27 basis points return from assets held in foreign currencies booked into shareholders' equity, the approximate net impact of foreign exchange was a positive $12 million or $0.09 per share to book value.  Our effective tax rate on pretax operating income in the 2012 first quarter was a benefit of 1% compared to an expense of 0.8% in 2011 first quarter. The effective tax rate on pretax income was an expense of 1.1%. The tax rate was impacted by realized gains, which are excluded from operating income.  In the 2012 first quarter, we implemented the new accounting standard for deferred acquisition costs, which reduced our reported book value at December 31 by $36 million or $0.27 per share. The new accounting policy had an immaterial effect on operating earnings and was adopted retrospectively so comparisons for prior periods will be on the same basis. In the first quarter, book value per share was negatively impacted by $0.25 per share due to the exercise of options, primarily related to grants made in 2002, which were about to expire.  Notwithstanding such items, book value per share increased 4.9% due to operating their needs total return on investment. We did not buy back any shares in first quarter due to potential business opportunities as Dinos has mentioned.  In April, we issued $325 million of Series C preferred shares with a 5-year non-call period. We also announced the call of our $325 million of Series A and B preferred shares at par. The net savings and coupon cost is 120 basis points per year or $3.9 million. Taking into account all cost for issuance over the 5 -- amortized over the 5-year non-call period, we expect to save a net 63 basis points in annual costs over the next 5 years.  Our total capital increased to $5.2 billion at the end of the 2012 first quarter, up from $5 billion at the end of 2011. Our debt plus hybrids represents only 13.8% of our total capital, given us significant room to raise additional capital in the future at our targeted rating. We have an excess capital position that we hope to put to work at some point in the future.  With these introductory comments, we are pleased to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Keith Walsh with Citigroup.
Keith F. Walsh - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First question around executive assurance. You mentioned pricing has been -- in our last quarter call, I guess, pricing difficult for several years there. Now you've got some adverse development. It appears the premium level has remained at a similar rate or similar amount. Can you just talk about some of the changes maybe you've made in the underlying types of business within this line? Why you think it may be a better book going forward. I got a follow up.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Okay. The -- we mentioned these in prior calls, too. Our emphasis has moved from -- we're doing less FY business and less commercial today and we're more in this small-to-medium size enterprises and private and not-for-profit. We try to -- even though the volume is being steady, I think there is less of the former and more of the latter in our book of business. The reserve adjustment that you mentioned, it was -- it's part of our usual concept of how we'll reserve the company. Early on, we get a claim or 2 even though we do have ample, IBNR, a lot of cases we choose not to adjust IBNR downwards and we allow that claim to go through. So it shows as adverse development from the prior year. But I think that's a prudent way of doing it. At the end of the day, nobody's sticking hand in their pockets and taking our money. So if in future the quarters, we don't need it, it's going to flow through. So we're still cautious on the executive assurance sector. And in due course, I think we would like to grow that business but we haven't rang the bell yet.
John C.R. Hele: Keith, also the comments often on EA are about the U.S. market in terms of rate. And the reserves, they all came from an international policy form that it's from a small specific group.
Keith F. Walsh - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on the Florida renewal. I mean, you guys have substantial room within your PMLs as you indicated earlier. We've heard mixed things I guess on the 6 1 renewal so far in the supply and demand side. What would be your view there? And is the rate adequate enough -- forget about the rate increases, the rate adequacy there that you'd want to deploy a lot of capital on the 6 1 renewal. What kind of implied are we talking about?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we always priced the cat business at ROE's north of 15% because that's a risky proposition. You take in a lot of the volatility off your client's books of business. So you're expected ROE has to be high. Now, not knowing -- it's a bit too early for rates to settle down but we expect to be a good season for Florida. And as you know, we have the room, we presented the PMLs to you. So depending on the rate environment, we probably try to take advantage of the market opportunities that they presented to us. But I can't predict. We don't try to predict the future. We just react to it when -- react to the opportunities as they are presented to us. So -- but I'm optimistic that we're going to get rate increases [indiscernible] 11 that is affecting that. There is supply and demand issues. So at the end of the day, I think it will be a good environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: I guess first your comment about business you run in the quarter, 9% to 11% returns. I mean that's better where it's been but it's okay. Is that really enough to justify growing double digits in the quarter or is it...
Constantine P. Iordanou: If you see where the growth came -- let me go back. On the rate increases alone, you're gaining just slightly because I said we're only slightly above trends. So call it a push to slight positive. So the improvement in the ROE is due to the growth that we've seen in some segments. For example, the property cat area that we have grown, it's not priced at 9% to 11% ROE. So it's the weighted average that is going up by giving a point or 2 but it's coming from the new segments. And I can tell you, we're not going to write the mortgage insurance at 9% to 10% ROE. That has to -- everything we do that is new to us got to meet our return characteristics of 15% better than that. So you have to take -- you have to take it from that point of view. So the overall book is improving, but it's improving because of the new opportunities which the price with a better ROE than the existing book we have we're defending.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: I understand. I assumed the marginal opportunities were higher than that. I guess I would have thought to fund those marginal opportunities, maybe you would have taken a finer brush to the renewal book that would have some of the mid-single-digit returns and maybe try to let some of the business go to people who are being more opportunistic these days growing.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, listen, you have to be in the market, there is customer relationships, there is market relationships, there is distribution relationships. We try to defend as much of our book as possible, with the eye that we have to have an adequate return, which is on us with our investors and we try to tell them what we believe we're underwriting this business to. Yes. Listen, we don't get into granularity, but I have business that we're running today that they were very low single-digit ROEs. And the reason we haven't got out of them is because this is not like light in the room with a switch on the wall and you flip it on and you flip it off. You've got to take the long-term view. Some years you might accept lower ROEs because over the 10-year period of time, it will give you a lot of opportunities in the future. So it's not as simple as on and off.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: Understood, understood. Fair point. Just to follow up on Keith's question on the executive assurance growth. You mentioned it's the small and the mid, the private, not-for-profit. And I understand historically, that's good book, but I think Chubb and some others have raised concerns at the performance and that segment is getting very competitive and just trying to see loss top up. How comfortable are you that this is the right time to be growing that book?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we know the issues. I think we have very good underwriters. It's the -- it's employment practices liability that is the major issue with the privately held and some of the not-for-profit. We have a lot of confidence in our underwriters to making good judgments and good selections on that book. So it's true with anything that you do. If it was so simple, everybody will be doing it, right? So we understand the issues, people are all over it and we still like those sectors.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: And then last one and then it's back to the back of the class. The insurance book, the adverse development, I understand there's always sort of one-offs. But just if I look over time, that book is showing a lot smaller development in your Reinsurance book. And it tend have this occasional course where things top up. And yet it's been written over time to a higher accident year combined, even normalized. So it seems like it's a less profitable business in your Reinsurance and yet it also has less development over time. Why is that? Why is the book your developing come from Reinsurance and not Insurance?
Constantine P. Iordanou: It's narrowed to the -- and I think it's a combination of 2 things. It's the sector, most of it is contractors. I think the strain that the economy has brought up on them and the sector itself, especially in some difficult state like New York is what caused some of the not as good a performance I would have expected from a specialty, a casualty book, because these are the books that perform extremely well in the 86, 87, 88 cycle and then later on. In this cycle, specialty, casualty and umbrellas and even some of the excess liability didn't horn in as much and it didn't give as much of profitability that I would have normally expected. Our book has diminished to almost nothing. But in the meantime, when I see signs that I need to be cautious with the reserving, we're not shy about putting it up because of the end of the day, it's the prudent thing to do in order for you as the market turns to know what the true profitability of this business is that is going to help you pricing as you go into the future. If you're not recognizing what the true profitability is, you might be misguided when it comes to making decisions going forward. So I spend a lot of time, I'm a frustrated actuary. I think I'm a decent underwriter but a frustrated actuary. They won't admit me to the Academy. They want all these exams to pass. But I spent a lot of time with the actuaries and I get personally involved in understanding what their selections are going to be, why they're going to be and we spend a lot of time with the claims department talking about what they see, what kind of cases, and what's the outlook. And we're cautious about it. Listen, look at our record. We released over $1 billion of reserves over time. And every time we do a little adjustment here and there for $5 million or $10 million, everybody has 42,000 questions.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management, L.P.: No, I understand. It's just most of that $1 billion or whatever that is has come through Reinsurance. I've never quite a figured out why. And it seems that Reinsurance business -- I know of issues of you reserved that more conservatively initially, or if it's just the way loss trends worked out? It's just hard to figure that out from here but...
Constantine P. Iordanou: We have a signal. We don't want everybody to know about it, the way we fight the business. But also you got to see that the Insurance Group is very well reserved. We give you enough in the supplement to -- and the schedule appears for you to look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: The mortgage insurance contract, what type of volumes are you guys thinking? And is that a relatively new mortgage insurance or one that's been around for a while?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, the -- our cedent has been around for a long time and they partner with us because they see the opportunities, we see the same opportunities and they wanted to do more with our help. They have a lot of capability of their own and a lot of capacity of their own, but they want to still -- the market was demanding more and they want to do more. It expands their ability to have more customer relationships. It's all new business. It's going to be newer originations from October 1 of '11 to the end of contract. And I don't know if they're going to renew or not, but it ends at the end of '12 and it's for their prime book. And the underwriting environment, the underwriting guidelines and the environment, they're all extremely positive for that. So we're excited. As far as the volume is concerned, this has potential to be over the life of the contract, $80 million to $100 million. But as you -- there is some contracts that they pay upfront and some that is part of the monthly mortgage payment. And it's kind of a recon [ph] and earn kind of a pattern. And usually, you might get 65% to 70% of the premium over the first 3 to 4 years and then the rest of it trails all the way out to maybe -- I mean, it can go over 30 years. But in essence, the average mortgages is outstanding for about 7 or thereabouts. So hard to give you more specifics than that because we don't know either if they're going to originate them and we're going to take our slice as a quota share participant and then we'll account for it as it comes in.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, John, in your prepared remarks, I think you alluded to some type of investment portfolio repositioning. But I'll admit I didn't quite follow. Is that correct or no?
John C.R. Hele: Well, there's 2 things. Spreads to treasuries over most asset classes, single A bonds, mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities all narrowed quite a bit first quarter '12 versus last year. So that affected how we reinvested in our general blend of investments. We also are tending to put some more investments now into some funds that we view will have some more potential upside, but have perhaps lower investment yield right now because they may be accounted for it at fair value option. We have more investments if you look at the balance sheet accounted for at fair value than compared to, say, a year ago. And so that all -- come to quoted number might be a little less but the total return should be a little better.
Michael Zaremski - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So what types of investments are those then?
John C.R. Hele: Well, we've got some interesting investments, some funds where we're doing some mortgage servicing or some interesting loans that are going out. So we are participating in -- these are $15 million, $25 million, $30 million type single investments. But if you add them up, we're getting -- we think these over the longer will give us some better upside return than 40 basis points from 3-year treasures.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just want to get a sense first on the Costa Concordia loss, is that included in your cat numbers or no?
John C.R. Hele: No. The cat is a natural catastrophe event and Costa Concordia is a man-made mistake. So -- but we wanted to break that out for you to have it clear for you.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And was that at all in the Insurance segment?
John C.R. Hele: Costa Concordia happened between Reinsurance and Insurance. Just to be clear for you on a net basis, Costa Concordia was about $6 million in Reinsurance and the $13.6 million in Insurance. And the Elgin was all in the Reinsurance.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm sorry. What loss is that?
John C.R. Hele: That Elgin oil platform. It's in the North Sea. I think it still had natural gas going into the air, it's not on fire anymore. It seems to be under control. They're building their relief well, and we have a bid up just against that.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Can you talk about the PML you're looking to deploy for the Japanese earthquake season? I guess it's always earthquake season, but for the 4/1 renewals.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Right. In Japan, our PML went almost from nothing to about now about $260 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. Just back on the executive assurance. I guess what surprised me there was I think you've spoken the portfolio is staffed adequately. But I was just surprised by the level of growth. And I didn't know if there is some new distribution relationships that turned on that potentially bolstered the numbers as just an easy comp with last year. That was the issue more than the trend that I was struggling with.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, in the U.K., we have a new team so that will be new distribution relationships and a new underwriting team came about, John, what? 18 months ago?
John C.R. Hele: Yes. Last year and then they're getting up to speed now as renewals come up. And they fell to the SME businesses in U.K. and Europe.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Right. So other than that, it's just our existing staff and what we see in the marketplace.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. I think I just underestimated how that team would mature. I guess the other thing, as you mentioned in the commentary in the press release that you took down -- that you did not -- I think I read this right, you let a retro purchase from last year lapse. And I guess I can't remember in all honesty whether that retro purchase was optimistic or kind of part of the core program. But I was just wondering with how that -- I know it's nonpeak zones, but how much protection that actually afforded you?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, it wasn't big, it was -- I think it was a balance between what we have down in Florida versus in the Northeast. And sometimes we'll look at those opportunities. We might do a swap with somebody else that it might be a little bit over line in Florida and might be a little over line in the Northeast just to balance our PMLs. But it's not significant. These things are -- usually what we do is in the $25 million to $50 million range. So on the scheme of things, when you're putting out $800 million, $860 million PML, not, not significant.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. And then just when I think about where the portfolio today versus reinvestment rates. If I'm doing my math right, it feels like -- if you're saying reinvestment 2% to 2.5%, I mean, it feels like, if I'm doing the math right, you're within 15% basis points of that. So is it fair to think about you kind of having -- being close to the end of the reinvestment pressure at this point?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I would think so. I think we're finding a lot of opportunities to -- the combination of what we do with the high-grade fixed income as -- and these alternative investments we do. If you blend it, it will give you better returns than that. The problem sometimes is we have with the structures of some of these, some of them they get accounted on an equity method. So in essence, if I wasn't part of the fun and I had it on my own, it might have been considered as investment income. But because I'm more a part of a fund, it comes in as realized or unrealized gains. So I know it makes it difficult for you because you got to model us. But we're more focused on total return because I get paid to move book value per share up. That's what I get paid to do. So at the end of the day, these operating earnings versus net earnings and all that, it's all well and good as long as book value per share keeps going up.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, that's fair. And I was focused more on the recurring side. The only other question I had was just...
John C.R. Hele: I would just like to add that the very high quality stuff that we tend to put a lot in can be often towards the lower of that 2% to 2.5% range. And would stay in short as well. So if spreads stay down and we stay at 40 basis points or Lord knows it could be worse. I think it's very hard to forecast this right now in today's economy with so much going on. So I just -- but we're trying to take a balanced approach, as Dinos said, and go for total return which we expect to be in the 2% to 2.5 range. But where we actually end up each quarter going forward is going to be as things pull out.
Matthew G. Heimermann - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So fair. So you might be close to the arithmetic mean but that doesn't mean you might end up at the bottom depending on what risk rewards looks like. Okay. And then just, Aeolus been a contributor of the other income line over the last couple of years. But obviously, the size of the investment left in that vehicle has declined. So I'm just curious if there's any guidance you could give us and how we should think about maybe the other income line changing on a go-forward basis forward to the past? And I'm obviously thinking kind of last 3 quarters, not the couple, the 1 or 2 quarters where we had...
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I mean, we gave you the numbers. The remaining investment, call it book value, Aeolus is only approximately $10 million left. And basically, I will put a runoff period of -- because we haven't reinvested on the new fund. So this is the old one and it's maybe another 3, 4 quarters and it's going to go to 0, right? We probably -- if they have no losses recognized as income, and if there is losses might go the wrong way. But it's been a very successful investment. We invested $50 million. It was 5 years ago. We already received $83 million in -- so we made over 6% on our money over the 5-year period and we still have potentially another $10 million of book value that -- once they close their books, it will return. But it's going to be within the end of this year, maybe early next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Dinos, coming from the PML in Japan or John, that has a 4/1, I assume?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I know you're not here to speak for Aeolus. But to what extent was the 1Q loss a lag in reporting? To what extent is there unfavorable development? Is there anything from the tornadoes in the end of February or early March associated with that?
Constantine P. Iordanou: They're not focusing on that kind of exposures.
John C.R. Hele: And the number we reported is the quarter lag. That's their fourth quarter '11.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So maybe you don't have a big problem with the tornadoes that hit -- some have larger issues. Would this be the kind of risk that would have pierced Reinsurance 5 years ago?
John C.R. Hele: What do you mean by that?
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It seems to me -- look, we have some huge tornadoes last year. These were sizable but not nearly like the 2Q 11/1. And I'm surprised that a number of companies are reporting cat losses associated with them on the Reinsurance side. Did people buy more protection after Q2 '11 on tornado or those kind of losses? Or it might just -- it just feels I'm wrong and this would have been...
Constantine P. Iordanou: I mean, tornadoes, it's a peculiar animal as far as I'm concerned, because depending who you're supporting, small companies versus small mutual versus larger companies and what their retentions, you might be as a reinsurers might be attaching relatively low attachment points. And it's kind of random event. They might hit a whole neighborhood and you'll see that happens to have a lot of exposure there and all of a sudden it's going to get into the reinsurance layers. So there is no good modeling on tornadoes, there is no good predictability. You might price the business well and still get hit because you just got unlucky that the tornado hit in the county that you wrote one of those county mutuals and they got most of the losses. Now, what we try to do is try to balance the book by having spread of risk and understanding that we're going to get hit occasionally on tornado losses because that's the nature of the business. So I -- it's not a surprise to me that some reinsurers are getting hit with tornado losses. And you see to be kind of a random event that one might get hit and another one might not be because that's the way tornadoes affect from the loss point of view.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And as the Midwest gets more attraction because of tornadoes, do you think the markets would have been picking up more new [indiscernible] risk?
Constantine P. Iordanou: I don't know the connection between the tornadoes and new [indiscernible]. It's...
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Only geographic.
Constantine P. Iordanou: New [indiscernible] for us is very hard to model. As a matter of fact, it's the only zone that from a PML point of view, we use the 1 in 500 and not the 1 in 250. That's a peculiarity we have. We sometimes were a little more strange than others. But on the tornado side, all I tell our guys that we do most of their tornado exposure out of a Morristown Reinsurance office is we try to get a good spread and not have concentrations and get unlucky. Because concentrations will give you 2 things, either no losses or significant losses. We don't like significant losses, which is it shows us as a company to be worse than our peers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: If I can start with a question for John. It looks like the impact, when we look at the -- I'm sorry, the reserve development in the Reinsurance segment, it looks like on a net basis. Reserve development slightly favorable, but there was a much bigger impact on acquisition expenses. And I was wondering whether you've changed the relationships with your distribution force so that, that sort mismatch can't -- is not likely to recur going forward?
John C.R. Hele: No. The impact on acquisition costs was because it ceded relationships with adverse development, so with less credit coming in from profit-sharing on Reinsurance contracts. So that's why the adjustment went.
Constantine P. Iordanou: It works both ways, actually. Sometimes, favorable development might give them profit commissions. Right. There is a cause on the acquisition side too. So when you move the loss ratio, you got to look at these contracts and sometimes, it's a good thing for us but also we have to pay some of it as profit commission back to clients.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. But here it looks like you're paying maybe $10 for every dollar.
John C.R. Hele: Right. The credit system because we're unfavorable, we would have had proper commission credit come in. Now it's going back out.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I get it. This is a question, I guess for Dinos, is one indicator of -- or one potential indicator of further rate improvement would be companies that are behind the scenes, maybe in some trouble and looking for a bailout from better capitalized insurers. And I'm wondering whether you're seeing any change in that over the past couple of years?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Meaning coming for severance relief?
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Or just looking to be acquired.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we've seen both. We've seen companies looking for partners. And it doesn't mean all of them are in some sort of financial difficulty. Sometimes it does make sense from building industrial-strength to merge a couple of companies. But also we've seen companies, both in Europe and here, looking for kind of transactions that in my view the kind of surplus relief kind of transactions, don't have enough capital, can't access the capital markets but through a major reinsurance contract might net down the unmet exposure. So in essence, they get a pass from the rating agency. So we've seen both. We haven't had any transactions because like I said, they bid and ask. A lot of them, they want to do these transactions sometimes and their starting point is like 7%, 8% ROE. I don't want to waste my time. My cost of capital is higher than that and I'm not going to do transactions just to put capital to work at 7%, 8%, 9%. If I'm going to do these transactions they got to be in the double digits. And we've done -- we've made proposals on a few at 12% ROE and we couldn't get to close any of those.
Meyer Shields - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. It looks like if we look at the cohort of sellers in the aggregate they're not desperate yet.
Constantine P. Iordanou: No. On the other hand, I don't think the capital markets are responding to them because I don't see a lot of them going out and trying to raise funds, I don't know, 8%, 10%. The reason they're in the reinsurance market for this kind of transactions is because they don't believe that capital markets probably will respond to them.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith with Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So just a quick, broad 50,000-foot question. Given that we've seen pricing stabilizing in many lines, of course, pricing is not up significantly in non-cat exposed lines. But are you seeing some incremental opportunity in this normal property and casualty lines other than cat-exposed lines?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. We've seen some on the Professional Liability sector. We've seen us binding on some treaties depending on what the underwriters are and what of the book of business is, et cetera that we wouldn't have done maybe 2 years ago. And I think that's the improved environment. So we've seen that. The other thing we've seen is -- don't make a lot out of this, I'm just going to share a statistics with you. Our E&S submission activity quarter-over-quarter, it was up 9%. This is first quarter of '11 versus first quarter of '12. So we've seen the signs that standard markets are looking at their books and what traditionally should have been maybe in the E&S market, they're throwing it in the E&S market. And we've seen that activity. We're binding more on the property side on the E&S, not as much on the liability side yet because we still don't like the rates as much. But we've seen that movement. As a comparison, our year's statistics from 2010 to '11 for the full year, the E&S submission growth was only 2%. So one quarter doesn't tell a whole year so I don't get overly excited especially. But I think overall, we're seeing a little more of an opportunity for us to underwrite some business and make the cut, so to speak, where a year or 2 years ago they wouldn't.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And was the level of price increase do you think are necessary within the industry? Or you think it's more interested in writing more business both on the casualty side and non-cat exposed property?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I think you got to go line-by-line and sometimes state-by-state. Like, we're not a big comp right there but workers' comp needs a lot of work. And you got to go back state-by-state. In some cases, you need 20% or 30% additional rate in order to make it at the 15% ROE. I think the umbrella business needs -- has a long way to go still. 6%, 7%, 8%, 10% rate increases ain't going to do it. So you got to go line-by-line. I don't have all my cheat sheets here. The way we run the company, I think we share that with most of our investors is that, we have a green, yellow, and red lights on different books of business. And I think we're starting to see some red go to yellow and some of the yellow go to green. But it's not significant yet. And we do that granular analysis when we sit with our profit centers, when we do the profitability reviews and review the business plans, which we start with the market environment what we think the market pricing is. And if we, the question we try to answer, if we are the average underwriter, no better, no worse than the industry, do you want to be in the sector? And how much would you write? And would you give it a green light? That means write as much as you can? Or would you be a yellow, that means with caution, you can write. And if it's red, be very defensive.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. So in light of this, how do you look at the capital management? Do you think that the new opportunities in Reinsurance is sufficient for you to absorb all your capital that you'd be generating right now?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Not yet, but it's a question mark, because we're working on things that I don't know what the outcome is going to be. So it's very hard to answer that question. That's why I said I have a wait-and-see attitude. And I think this market is changing not because there is big balance sheet holes. This is not a balance sheet problem. It's not a reserve issue. Maybe some companies might have a little bit here and there that they might have to fix. It's mostly a return, market turn. If you scream out the, hey, we're having the bond from prior years and we're reading from reserve releases and you normalize cats, the accident year ROEs are not yet that good. So they need improvement and that's why you're seeing the market moving. But now it's true that we probably have less red buckets that we have before, yellow is growing and if you think slipping into green for us. So if you like my analogy is I think -- and I didn't do it percentage-wise, but I would say, it's still 35%, or 40% is in the red as far as we are concerned from an attractive point of view. I don't move, I like the market cycle when everything is green and yellow and nothing in the red, and we're not there yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. The first is paid losses. I guess given the catastrophe activity of last year, I would've expected them to remain a little elevated and at least relative to premiums actually came down a little bit versus the last several quarters. And I'm wondering, have you paid out the bulk of those catastrophes from last year already?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Not all of it. I mean, we have paid some. I don't think of the cheat sheet here to go through. But I can tell you, we're pretty quick with responding to client's request for payment if there is no argument on dispute. We have a great reputation of paying on time. As a matter-of-fact, when we visited Japan, even though our exposure was very small, the Japanese congratulated us as to how quickly we were payers for their losses.
John C.R. Hele: It's a mixed change, I think, Jay, is what you're looking at.
Constantine P. Iordanou: But we can do an analysis and we'll try to get percentage for you.
Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just moved the needle too much, but that would be helpful. The other question, give us your comments on the underwriting ROE that you think you're writing business at now which was improved a bit where you have been. I assume the bulk or much of that improvement relates to business mix versus pricing that's exceeding claims costs.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, I think it’s both. Fixed business mix and also the lines that they're getting the rate increases are not losing ground to lost cost trend. So in essence, no line is getting worse and some, they're improving. So that combination plus the business mix meaning, where are we growing? Are we growing out property cat which is better than the numbers that we mentioned? It changes the weighted average. So I would characterize our 2012 as we start market contagion. And I'll make a fool out of myself trying to predict the future. But right now, as I see, we're probably, at least 1 point, maybe 2 ROE points better my underwriting year '11 is going to come in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hall with Wells Fargo.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I've got a question on the mortgage insurance, reinsurance agreement. From your comments, Dinos, it sounds like it starts in October, which means, I guess, if you closed it or signed it in April 2nd quarter, we should see 3 quarters worth of premium volume show up?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. You're going to see the fourth quarter, first quarter and the second quarter. But don't forget, this -- you've got to stretch it out for 16 quarters.
John C.R. Hele: So you'll see written but earnings -- mortgage insurance comes very slowly over time.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And is that going to be in the Reinsurance other line?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Yes. Yes, that's where we're going to book it. Yes.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And coincidentally, Radian put out a release transaction very similar to the one that you are describing, Dinos. And in their release, they said $50 million to $65 million of capital would be freed up. Any chance that sort of a similar number of capital that you're deploying here?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Well, we keep our confidentiality promises to clients. So we have no comment on that.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Fair enough. On the PML, you offered a number for Japan. How about Australia and New Zealand?
Constantine P. Iordanou: John, you have those numbers here?
John C.R. Hele: You know, it's pretty small, I don't have that handy right now.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Japan, as I said, we moved, we've got $260 million on the earthquake and we got about $75 million on the wind, Japan wind. I don't think either Australia or New Zealand, the bigger numbers on that.
John A. Hall - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. You just did mention them. And then, I guess, finally to close things out, on the international mortgage insurance deal that you've referenced a couple of times in a couple of different quarters, what's the -- what's the log jam? What's the sticking point there?
Constantine P. Iordanou: Trying to -- I think we have agreements at a lower level and is working in our organization, on the lower level. So in their organization, they have to go through 4, 5 layers before they can. So that's what's holding it up. It's like an elephant baby pregnancy. Banks, sometimes, or building societies work in a much slower pace than we do.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would now like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for any closing remarks.
Constantine P. Iordanou: Thank you, all, for bearing with us. And we're looking forward to seeing you and talking to you next quarter. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-15 11:10:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou - President and CEO John Hele - EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Keisha, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliations to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K, furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and it’s available on the company’s website. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. John Hele. Please proceed.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you, Keisha. Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us today. We are finally closing the 2011 year, which was challenging from a natural cat point of view. It was our worst year ever surpassing even the 2005 Katrina year for us. Fortunately, we have started the 2012 year with a more positive outlook as market conditions are showing signs of improvement. Taking all that into consideration, our fourth quarter performance was acceptable. On an operating basis, we earned $126.8 million or $0.92 per share, which on annualized basis represents at 12% return on equity. Our investment performance for the quarter including the effects of foreign exchange was a total return of 82 basis points and our underwriting performance was very good at 90.1 combined ratio. This was aided by reserve releases from prior years predominately from short-tail lines. John will give you more of a breakdown in a few minutes. Cash flow for the quarter was $110 million, which on an adjusted basis was slightly higher than the 2010 fourth quarter numbers. A book value for common share was $32.03 at 2.7% increase from September 30, 2011 and it was due mostly of our operating results. The broad market environment continues to show improvements across the board. From a rate standpoint, most lines of business moved into positive territory. The exceptions were in executive assurance and healthcare where we’re still seeing rate reductions, a bit less than in prior quarters but they’re in the range of 1% to 7% for healthcare and approximately 6% for executive assurance. Even with these improvements in the rate environment, we believe that significant more rate is needed in many lines in order to achieve rather good returns. In our view based in part on the level of increased rates currently available for new money invested, the long tail lines require quite a bit of improvement in premium rate to become attractive. We view primary casualty, umbrella liability, excess liability as areas requiring the most significant rate improvement. Workers’ compensation on an industry-wide basis is achieving high single-digit rate improvements, but this is still not enough to bring this line of business to quite a good returns. In our reinsurance sector, rate improved significantly on a risk-adjusted basis in the property cat area while all other lines remained basically unchanged. From a premium production point of view, on a consolidated basis our gross written premiums were up 5.3% and our net written premiums were up 5.8%. The insurance group was up approximately 2.5% on both a gross and net basis. The reinsurance group was up 16.5% on a gross basis and 14.7 on a net basis. The increase resulted from new opportunities in UK Motor based on current operating conditions in that marketplace and increase in accident and health business as well as from property cat backup progress due to the storms. We’re always looking for opportunities to expand our underwriting capabilities organically. In the past six quarters, we were successful in attracting management teams in life and accident and health, mortgage insurance and reinsurance, (inaudible) insurance in Canada, global crop hail business as well as tidal insurance in Canada. All these are investments in talent and capabilities for the future. In some of these lines, we're already producing business and in some, we're in the process of building the needed infrastructure and obtaining the necessary licenses. While the degree of success of these opportunities in the short term will be dependent on market conditions, we are confident that over the long term, these will prove to be successful profit centers contributing to the value of our enterprise. During the quarter, we essentially did not purchase any of our shares. This decision was influenced by several potential opportunities that were presented to us in the last quarter. This activity was unusual and if successful, these transactions would have had their potential to utilize a significant amount of capital. These opportunities emanated from the property and casualty sector, life and health reinsurance sector and mortgage sector. Unfortunately, only one of these transactions has closed. The biggest obstacle to closing some of these deals has being the widespread between the bid and ask. We continue to work on some of these opportunities and on new ones that we receive in the first quarter of 2012. In general, our philosophy on capital management has not changed. We prefer to deploy our capital in our business first and absent the ability to do so, to returning to our shareholders. Although, the current operating environment is improving, we still do not have clear visibility on the degree of improvement in market conditions or on our ability to close on some of the unusual deals that we have been working on. As a result, we will take a wait and see attitude with respect to share repurchases until we have more clarity. Before, I turn it over to John for more commentary on our financial results, let me touch up on and update you on our cat PMLs. As of January 1st, 2012, our 1-in-250-year PML for a single event was 881 million or 20% of common shareholder’s equity in the Gulf and 842 million in the Northeast. Our Florida Tri-County PML now stands at only 638 million, which gives us ample capacity for the upcoming Florida renewal season. With that, let me turn it over to John for more commentary on our financials and after John, we’ll back and- have you ask your questions. John?
John Hele: Thank you, Dinos. Good morning. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net premium to gross premium in the quarter was 73%, the same as a year ago. Our overall operating results for the quarter reflected a combined ratio of 90.1%, compared to 92.7% for the same period in 2010. 2011 fourth quarter included $78.8 million, or 10.5 points of current-accident-year cat activity net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums, compared to $31 million, or 4.9 points in the 2010 fourth quarter. The 2011 fourth included 60.6 million for the Thailand flooding, where we’re reserving towards the higher end of our preannounced range of 35 million to $65 million, corresponding to a total industry estimated loss of 10 billion to 20 billion. In addition, the 2011 fourth quarter reflects an estimated 5.4 million for the Christmas Day Australian hail storm. The 2011 fourth quarter combined ratio reflected 15 points or $101 million of estimated favorable prior year reserve development net of related adjustments, compared to 6.1 points, or $38 million in the 2010 fourth quarter. The net favorable prior year development in the 2010 fourth quarter is comprised 64% from property cat, property and other short-tail lines, 20% from medium tail lines and 16% from longer tail lines. The 2011 fourth quarter net release in general, reflects the better-than-expected claims emergence that we experienced throughout 2011 across most of our lines. The 2011 fourth quarter current-accident-year combined ratio, which excludes names, cat events and prior year development was 101% in the insurance segment slightly better than the 102.9% in the 2010 period primarily due to lower expenses.  In the reinsurance segment, the 2011 accident-year combined ratio was 83.7%, higher than the 77.9% from the 2010 period due in part to a change in the mix of earned premium towards medium tail other specialty lines, which generally have a higher booked combined ratio than property lines. The 2011 fourth quarter expense ratio of 33.9% was lower than the 34.6% in the 2010 fourth quarter reflecting lower operating expenses and incentive compensation charges which more than offset a higher level of commission expenses related to prior year favorable development. On a per-share basis, pre-tax and investment income was essentially flat at $0.59 in the 2011 fourth quarter compared to $0.60 for the same period a year ago and $0.60 in the third quarter of 2011. Our embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 2.98% in the 2011 fourth quarter, down from 3.09% in the 2011 third quarter and 3.52% a year ago, which primarily reflects lower reinvestment rates. The portfolio duration was 2.99 down from 3.17 at the end of the third quarter. We continue to be cautious with the duration of our investment portfolio due to the risks in our global economy. The total return of the investment portfolio was 0.82 basis points in the 2011 fourth quarter compared to a minus 7 basis points in the corresponding 2010 period. Excluding foreign exchange was a positive 95 basis points in the quarter. The total return in the fourth quarter benefited from the recovery in equity markets and stable returns on US treasuries, offset by a negative return on some alternative assets. Our alternative assets include bank loans, global and emerging market bond and multi-asset funds and energy investments. These alternative assets drove the 14.7 million in net losses in equity method accounted investments. We expect that these funds will more volatility quarter-to-quarter, but we also expect that over the longer-term we will gain an acceptable return. We continue to maintain the vast majority of investable assets in a very high-quality fixed-income investment portfolio.  Starting this quarter, due to the ever-changing views of the rating agencies, we are reporting the average quality of our investment portfolio from both S&P at AA and Moody’s AA1 and we have split out our US government and government-sponsored securities in a separate category in our disclosures. In the past, our average credit quality was calculated as an average of the three primary rating agencies.  In addition, we added an exhibit to our financial supplement on our Euro zone investments including sovereign debt, corporate, covered bonds and other sectors. Our exposure to troubled Euro zone countries is minimal and we have no exposures in Greece. We recorded net foreign exchange gains of 13.2 million during the 2011 fourth quarter mainly due to the strengthening of the US dollar against the Euro. These gains resulted from revaluating our net insurance liabilities required to be settled in the foreign currencies at each balance sheet date. However, this should be compared to the minus 13 basis points, total return from foreign exchange on our investment portfolio, which essentially then offset this income statement gain in the equity section of our balance sheet. For the 2011 year, our effective tax rate and pre-tax operating income was a benefit of 3.7% and 2.2% on pre-tax net income. The cat activity this year, low investment returns and the relative mix of income or lost by jurisdiction have resulted in a beneficial net tax position. Our preliminary estimate of the implementation of the new DAC accounting standard required on January 1st, 2012 that we communicated last quarter, is still the same and the new standards to reduce our book value by less than 1% and should not have a material impact on operating earnings in 2012. Our balance sheet continues to be conservatively positioned with total capital of 5.03 billion at December 31, 2011, up from 4.9 billion at September 30, 2011. In the quarter, we had no material share repurchases. Our debt plus hybrids represents 14.4% of our total capital, well below any rating agency limit for our targeted rating. As we announced last quarter, in the calculation of our target capital position, we have now implemented our version of RMS 11. As of December 31, 2011 our actual capital is in excess of our target capital. With regard to subsequent events to year-end based on current information, we expect to record a loss of $8 million to $10 million on our investment in Aeolus LP which we report on a one quarter lag and is included in other income. We also expect the loss net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums up between 18 million and $35 million for the January 2012 Costa Concordia marine event corresponding to a total industry loss of $815 million to $2 billion. Reflecting on the 2011 full year results, the after-tax operating profit was $204 million, which reflects the significant level of catastrophic activity during 2011. The year combined ratio was 98.3%. The insurance segment had an action year combined ratio excluding cats in prior year development of 100.6% and the reinsurance segment produced an 80.6% ratio. For the year, the operating ROE was 7.2%. Our book value per share ended the quarter at $32.03, up 2.7% from the last quarter and 6.8% from a year ago. With these comments, we are pleased to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Regarding the unusual deals that closed, the one deal that closed in 4Q, is that the U.K. Motor deal?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, that’s the one, yes.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: So, what was the size of the U.K. Motor deal? And then I guess, can you just a number of questions around this, why are deals unusual, what type of returns do you feel these opportunities offer and are they similar size for the U.K. Motor deal?
John Hele: A lot of questions; let me start with, the U.K. is not unusual. It was an opportunity for us to partner with some people that they have an existing book of business and they’re looking to expand the market conditions. They’re attractive for the time being and we can achieve double-digit ROEs. And the deal size depends how successful that you are in growing their business is going to be in excess of a $120 million for the year. It’s a 2012 event for us. Some of the other transactions that weren’t as usual meaning that you might put them in the category of either renewal right deals with books of business offered to us to pick up underwriting teams and their renewal rights. We had a few of those. We’re still working on some. We’ve seen opportunities in the mortgage space that is a re-insurance behind, either bank portfolios and/or building societies portfolios. And the size of these deals can be anywhere from $100 million to $300 million, $400 million in range and in essence depending on the line and the capital attraction or the capital utilization can be anywhere from $50 million to $250 million. So, looking at that, I wanted to be cautious in the way that we were deploying our capital because you can get in the batter's box and hit a few more runs or you can get into batter's box and strike out, but you can always do share repurchase at a future date. So, that was what was driving our decision making.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay, and that’s very helpful. And lastly the (inaudible) loss and what drove that and its $35 million the maximum loss potential in this investment?
John Hele: Well, the investment is being a very, very successful investment for us. We invested $50 million. We received already $67 million in distributions and we’ve a carrying value as of the end of the year of $35 million. So, when you add it all together, this investment almost double our money independent of the loss that we’re going to take in the first quarter. The loss is emanating from the worse Cat year in the history of insurance. Its fourth quarter Cat losses and is coming from mostly the floods in Thailand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to just understand on the buyback just if you could just remind us of the philosophy and sort of your appetite going forward with the stock of 1.2 bucks?
Dinos Iordanou: If you go on our website I think we have a grid that tells you as to when we decide and on what level to do the buybacks. And basically it's a combination of what we anticipate the current business ROE to be, versus how long will it take for us to recover and if it's three years or less because if you’re paying above book you got a recovery period. If the period is three years or less than we chose buybacks. If it’s going to be more than and we have excess capital and we don’t think there is potential in the future to utilize it, we’ll probably use some other method maybe an extraordinary dividend et cetera. So, this has been a philosophy consistent now for the last five years. So, no change in that John anyone add or...
John Hele: While I think the point is that has been offset we’re going to wait and see and we make the decisions when we get there in that quarter at that time what the trading is, what the outlook is for business. So we will make those decisions when we get there.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay again you guys, few in the entire industry have been as aggressive as you in returning capital last five years and with the share account not moving down last several quarters I guess what I’m wrestling with is do I take the organic earnings as because you’re right at the upper end of where of that threshold, the chart to which you’re referencing I’m wondering if you’re going to do any in 2012 or if it’s sort of over for now?
Dinos Iordanou: I don’t know if I would like to do none because the market is so good. I’m deploying my capital in the marketplace. But having said that, when I said the business was we had a white spread to it. We were pricing a lot of our deals and I wouldn’t say all of them at 15% ROE, some of them it was even at 12% ROE, expected ROE, and even with that we couldn’t get the buyers to agree with that. Some of the buyers they were looking for us to deploy capital of 5%, 6%, 7% ROE. We’re not going to do that. So, I’m not saying we’re not going to work on the deals. We’re going to work. We put a price out that we’re comfortable with. It’s going to be in a double-digit ROE. That’s what we tell the market, that’s when we tell the brokerage communities, that’s when we tell the buyers, but now do I have clarity if the market will respond to that or not, no if I had that clarity I can give you more of a precise answer. So, not knowing that that’s why I said I’m going to have a wait-and-see attitude. We’ll continue to work on these deals, some of them they have a long lee-way, some of them they might take two quarters, three quarters from beginning to end. It was successful, its music to my ears. I’m deploying capital for what I’m getting paid for in our business. If not then we’re going to revisit excess capital what do we do with it.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, perfect thanks. And then one last one, totally different area, but just the reserve releases was definitely much, much better than peers; obviously your balance sheet continues to be in excellent shape. Can you give us I mean you did provide some color in the commentaries to where it came from and stuff? Can you maybe be a bit more granular and obviously what we’re all trying to figure out is the sustainability of that going forward, so again any comments or thoughts?
Dinos Iordanou: I thought John was pretty granular. It’s 64% of a property Cat which means that, I think we have a better record in reserving Cats than most. At the end of the day if they don’t materialize, would it be conservative? You’ve seen what we’ve done with the Thai losses too, because the contingent business interruption is so difficult to estimate. Even though we never wrote excessive loss cap business in the country of Thailand. We have no direct traditional excessive loss cap business in that territory. We are anticipating losses coming from both our insurance group and reinsurance on large industrial risks that done on a global basis. But because the contingent business interruption is such a difficult measure we became very conservative. And at the end of the day, I’d rather be on the high end of the reserving range than the low-end. You might say we’ve done the same in prior years in ‘05, in ‘04 et cetera and if you look at our history we had consistent reserve releases from short-tail lines, this is not the first year. It just happened to be unusually higher. But on short-tail lines you know what you got, its either you got a loss or you don’t and you don’t have to wait for many years to figure it out. Now the 16% on long-tail lines which is just about 16 million bucks out of the total came from the very good years in the casualty business ‘04, ‘05, ‘06 this is no reserves from any of the later years and the medium term it might be a few years after that but is mostly medium-term.
John Hele: It’s in that professional liability.
Dinos Iordanou: Claims may professional liability business with low limits that usually within three, four, five years where you are.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: So any more color…
John Hele: And Greg we have seen and I think some others have seen in the industry through 2011, trend has been less than we have built in for this year. So, that allows some of these releases across many of our lines to flow out, whether or not that trend continues or not, we keep assuming trend is on a long-term basis. It will come back some day to that, we can’t tell you when and we have to look at that quarter-by-quarter.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that’s really good. And then just one follow up in the short-tail lines and perhaps you actually said this already, but which events did this come from?
John Hele: Not many and it’s also a source of (ph) property, as well as property Cat...
Dinos Iordanou: Right. From all events starting with ‘08 and don’t forget ‘08 it was a very heavy year with earthquakes, floods et cetera, it’s all events, it is not just one event.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Just want to catch up on a couple of points. Dinos, at year end how would you tag the level of excess capital for Arch?
Dinos Iordanou : A little stronger than one we told you last quarter because we then do share repurchases. Our premium growth hasn’t been that dramatic yet.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Regarding the premium growth in reinsurance, I think you mentioned the potential for a couple of one-time deals. Were they in the reinsurance segment because that...?
Dinos Iordanou : Well, the one that we did it was in the reinsurance sector and we set the size of it, it is about figure of $25 million at quarter, it’s about $120 million and it’s a 13-month deal.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay. So that’s going still flow through in 2012, not just earned?
Dinos Iordanou : It will flow through the 2012, yes.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: In written?
Dinos Iordanou : Written, yes.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Got it, okay. And then on the pace of investment income which on the recurring investment income which has been slowing each quarter and is that 80.5 million, is that the right run rate that we should take into account lower reinvestment yields going forward, so it might continue to drop?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, the reinvestment yield is less. We look to always find opportunities, but also what I want to point out to you the number that you mentioned is before expenses, right, you said what they embedded yield, you said it was what, 2.98?
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: I suppose, yes.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, that’s before expenses. So you got to take, if you are putting in on your new model, you better take out investment expense out of that too.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Right, so I mean directionally would there be sort of a continued?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, I don’t think it’s going to move more further down because we’re finding enough products with still high credit quality and enough spread from treasuries to continue maintaining approximately in the 2.5% to 3% yield and we’re going to try to stay there. So, I don’t expect that to move dramatically. We have a...
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: The yield notes or the investment income?
Dinos Iordanou: The investment income.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: And then I just want to understand a little better structurally on the share buyback. I mean the reason to hold back a bit on share buyback, is that more because there is potential to become to deploy more capital in the business as the market continues to firm and as well as kind of these one-off deals, I mean there still seems to be so much excess capital on the balance sheet?
John Hele: It was both. We have the ability to grow the business quickly. If you go back in our origin, ‘02, ‘03, ‘04, we went from zero premium to $3.5 billion gross in three years. So, our ability to deploy quite a bit of capital, as a matter of fact, our first year on a policy year basis, on an underwriting year basis, reinsurance group grew at $1.2 billion in ‘02. So, given a market trend that we can sense giving us good opportunities and good pricing. We can deploy capital very quickly. Now, you put on top of it, some unusual opportunities, somebody presenting us with $100 million renewal book of business that we would like to take over. If we take over any one of these deals, we’re starting to use big chunks of capital and why not be cautious in the way you’re having your, but if some of these deals don’t materialize that means we’ll continue to have excess capital. And I am even surprised that you guys keep asking questions on how we manage capital, because I think our track record has been phenomenal. We’re not trying to hold on to it, we’re only trying to deploy into the market as best as we can and if we have excess, we’re not shy of giving it back to shareholders.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: We understand. And then on the transactions, so you’re looking at potential, not just traditional, large insurance or reinsurance deals. Is this also in the market the potential for renewal rates transaction?
Dinos Iordanou: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith with Evercore Partners. Please proceed
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: The first question is on the opportunities you’re seeing, are you seeing them in the normal P&C insurance markets or...?
Dinos Iordanou: We saw them on three sectors, Vinay. We saw them on the P&C sector, we saw them on our new initiative, which is the mortgage space, and then we see them also on new initiative which is our life and A&H reinsurance sector. So we’ve seen them. And don’t forget you bring powerful teams, good underwriting people with market connections even though we believe, at least we believe that will conserve underwriters, the market is responding and sending us these opportunities. Now it’s up to us to find the right ones with the right profitability and bring them home and close, but I’m an optimist. I’m a patient optimist. Market is moving in our direction, we probably can utilize a little more capital over time. We’re seeing these kinds of opportunities. If we hit on some fine, if not we will go back to our old ways.
John Hele: Vinay this is John, just want to add that the mortgage is, the main focus is international, where there is good opportunity there, say in the U.K. and some of other places, Australia. So, there is a proven opportunities there.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: And how are you getting these opportunities now. Why are you getting these now? So do you see more stress in the market or have you hired new teams that have helped you to get these opportunities now?
John Hele: Yes and yes. There is more stress in the market because the traditional players lack capacity and/or ability to do that. And of course you got to have the right team in order to get the opportunity. So the combination of both is what’s presenting us with these opportunities.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: Now I believe on the auto deal, you said it would be a double digit ROE. Is that what you’re targeted for?
John Hele: Yes, we believe we’re going to produce double digit ROE. We have good partners there. We like the people. We have partnered together and we like the sector for what’s happening in the UK market.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: Okay and what other competitor actually pulled out of excess of loss of business for the UK market? I’m just curious as to how you got some….?
Dinos Iordanou: This is not excessive loss, this is a partnership. This is a primary deal with side-by-side.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: Just once more, if I may. What’s your accident year sort of ROE on the business that you’re writing right now for your normal P&C business? 
Dinos Iordanou:  Right now on a policy basis, we think we are still in the around 9% range. That’s how we’re calculating it. A lot of that influence comes depending if you are going do you own calculations. I can run you through pretty quickly. On an accident year, this is not policy; on an accident year basis, this way you can follow the numbers; we produced 7.2 for the year, the cap losses, there were a 200 million more than normal and then we had about $275 million of prior year reserve releases. So that will bring your ROEs slightly below seven on an accident year basis. Now why is my policy a better; first there is some rate increases that is going to improve the book and second I think our mix is changing to higher ROE. So the percentage of business with the higher ROE for the 2012 year is a little higher than what we had in the prior year. So when you push that we’re getting somewhere in the high 8% and change 9%. And we do those calculations, that’s why I can speak to them because are we're happy with it. You don’t see my comments to be too enthusiastic that hey, we're going to go and write a lot of business. Our growth is still predominantly emanating from one-off opportunities rather than across the board improvement but I’m more optimistic than I was last quarter because I think the market environment is moving in a good direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: A couple of questions. I was hoping you could help me understand if you execute on some of these new opportunities how will it all affect your ability to write other business if market conditions improve. So, I guess, I can appreciate that it would take up absolute capital. I’m just wondering in terms of how much kind of diverse dry powder you have left from diversifying type lines? What’s the casualty or other things?
Dinos Iordanou:  I’m having difficulty deploying my excess capital. I’m not worrying about capability because when you look at the balance sheet, it has very low leverage 14.4%. I have approximately three quarters to a $1 billion of hybrid capacity that I go out without having to dilute my common and raise either debt or perpetual prefers or whatever form we decide to do. So at the end of the day, the instructions that I have given to all of our operating units is operate in the marketplace as if you have unlimited capacity. I’m not talking from a rich point of view but from a capital point of view. And once you utilize whatever I’m allocating to you and we need more, I’ll go out and find it. So, we’re operating with an ability that we have a lot of capacity and a lot of dry powder for us, given the right opportunity in the marketplace to capitalize.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: That’s fair. So just to make sure I fully understand what you’re saying effectively. If you execute on these things it’s more about using the existing capital you have, and then any incremental growth and appetite or business would then be funded by some of debt hybrid?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, it’s our first choice, yes, absolutely. I didn’t buy all those shares back to go back and dilute my common.
John Hele: And Matt, it’s John. Also the earnings that flow throughout the year, it also creates capital as well.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Yes, absolutely. I think I snuck in retained earnings on my list, but I would agree. The only other question was around the development. One of the things that has kind of muted the net reserve development, you’ve been showing over the last couple of years, there’s just been a little bit of adverse push on some credit crisis exposed lines. I’m just wondering whether or not you’re seeing some of those pressures dissipate as well?
Dinos Iordanou: We do at granular analysis by profit's centered, by (inaudible) and depending what you wrote it on insurance or reinsurance, some things will pop up a little bit on one and go down on others et cetera. All I can tell you is, I spent as much time with the actuaries to the point that I think they don’t like me a lot because I ask too many questions and I spend too much time with them. I feel that our reserve position today is as good as it was a year ago or two years ago and that’s basically also the opinion of outside people that they advice us and they do independent reviews on what we have. We have a very good methodology in how we reserve the company and I think I’ll let the track record speak for itself.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: That’s fair. And then just one last numbers question, just on the retention change, you mentioned in the surety line, is kind of the magnitude delta we saw this quarter the right way to think about it. I know it’s not a huge premium line but just want to make sure I got that right.
Dinos Iordanou: It’s not, I wouldn’t read too much into it because let say it’s a line we like to grow cautiously because let’s face it, it’s a credit line and in the economic conditions we are is something that you need to be cautious. But also it depends how you buy your insurance protections on the surety and we’re switching more from a quarter share to excess of loss which in essence it allows us to retain more of the net premium to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital. Please proceed. 
Dinos Iordanou: Ian, we’re going to fail you again, you seem to be always in the back of the room.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: One of these days I’m going to surprise you and go first.
Dinos Iordanou: Go first, okay I’ll see the sunrise from the west.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I guess first on the CT Motor, can you talk a little bit more about what it is? I guess that line from what we understand has been a pretty miserable performer for some of the U.K. companies these past few years. I think there has been some average court rulings or regulatory rulings that have caused a lot of trouble. So why is that attractive? I thought that was a pretty poorly performing line these days.
Dinos Iordanou: Listen, motor insurance, I don’t care if it's auto in the U.S. or Motor, it's a predictable line. When you under price it, you’re going to find a lot of excuses why you're not making money and when you price it appropriately, you are going to make money. Rates have improved in the last couple of years. Some of the pricing challenges have been resolved and if you have good partners, and we think, don’t forget, you also got to look at the partners that you’re partner with. We like the people; we felt it was a very good deal for us to do.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Fair enough. And just in terms of the opportunities you are looking at, are they more opportunistic things that you’re in for a year or two and then you get out or are these sort of businesses that you might still be in five or ten years from now?
Dinos Iordanou: We'd like to be in for as long as we can. I don’t like to be doing all this work and go in and out at the end of the day. But on the other hand, we're not going to stay there and take losses. I mean that’s not what we get paid for. We get paid to make money for shareholders. So it’s a combination.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay. The reason I was asking was I was wondering if it’s something you hope to be in for a while, and that if you are optimistic on the cycle turning soon that maybe you’d want to pursue things often and wait and go look to maybe build more longer term franchises like some of your competitors are doing, hiring their teams to get in front of the cycle and things like that. Is that something on the radar, or does that somewhat make sense?
Dinos Iordanou: Our attitude on talent has not changed. I spent a little time on my prepared remarks just to tell you what we’ve done and usually we don’t go out and put press releases if we hire some people et cetera, but we’ve done enough that I thought for a lot of the analyst it would have been important for them to know, because some of them, they hear about this, they hear about that and they ask us the questions. We will hire talent independent of cycle. We don’t care if you get a Michael Jordon come knocking at our door, you’re hired right. Now is the market allowing them to deploy their talent and show a lot of revenue and profit immediately, in some cases yes, in a lot of cases no but we’re very patient. I’ll give you two examples. We brought a very strong property fact team. They're doing fabulous, Steve Franklin and his team et cetera. The market allow them to operate and do well for us and we let them do. We brought David McElroy and his team. They’re fabulous people, probably one of the best underwriting teams. The market did not allow. We're patient. We told them, listen, we hire you for your brains, we hire you for your capability and one day the market will allow you to display what you can do. So we’ll be patient along with you. So our attitude is we find the right people, independent of cycle we hire them. We warehouse then. I never saw a company go bust because maybe their expense ratio is a point or two above what it should be, but I’ve seen every single case that you do that when the right opportunities come these teams more than pay for themselves and, we're very, very patient about that.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And then just my last one. Some of the lines you mentioned that were disappointing, casualty, executive insurance, things like that. It looks like you showed modest growth in those lines, not anything scary, but I was just kind of wondering if those lines aren’t where your targets are shrinking as opposed to growing a little bit?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, a little bit of growth was in Europe and it was mostly on small to medium sized enterprises and that sector both in U.S. and in Europe we like. So even within a line, even though we don’t write the large financial institutions, the large FI business or commercial D&O, it’s not in the best of shapes for us to be enthusiastic about significant growth. Things are improving, but not fast enough for us. There is other sectors that we do like and there if we can grow, we’re going to grow.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: In regard to the cruise line accident, is 35 million, is that based on a $2 billion loss and do you think the loss could reach $2 billion?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes, and we don’t think it’s going to reach there, but I don’t have to make a judgment yet as to what I’m going to reserve it for next quarter. The industry experts, I am not one of them, but they think that the loss is going to be somewhere between $850 million to $900 million. There is a good logic around how they estimate that. You got about $0.5 billion which is the whole, then you have the 32 debts and then you have the evacuation, and then you’re going to have the removal of debris and wreckage. All that is going into go on the liability side. We estimate that $350 million to $400 million, that’s not an unreasonable number. Now, what things can change that is if we have a spill and then you have an environmental disaster, there is about $1 billion of cover the liability side for pollution that if they run into some very difficult problem in removing, that might escalate, they don’t anticipate that but I have to give you a range and in that way of thinking, both with town floods or this one, we give you a pretty broad range and we tell you what it's going to cost us if it happens at $850 million versus $2 billion. Now, do we believe $2 billion? No. I’m not sitting here and telling you that that loss is going to be a $2 billion loss. It probably is a very high probability that is going to be in the $850 million to $1 billion and then would be on the low end. By the end of the first quarter I've got to make that judgment and put a reserve up and as we get more information and more information we’re going to refine that number. But right now, that’s our range, $18 million (ph) to $35 million (ph).
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I’ll now like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for any closing remarks.
Dinos Iordanou: Thank you all for attending and we’ll talk to you next quarter. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Good day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 19:45:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Iordanou - Chairman, President & CEO John Hele - EVP, CFO & Treasurer
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Keith Walsh - Citi Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee Doug Mewhirter - RBC Capital Markets Court Dignan - Fidelity Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Ron Bobman - Capital Returns 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Arch Capital Group Limited Earnings Conference Call. My name is Fab and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the Company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found on the Company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company’s earnings press release and is available on the Company’s website. I would now like to turn the conference over to your hosts for today, Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. John Hele. Please proceed.
Dinos Iordanou: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our third quarter result was satisfactory when we take into consideration the difficult market conditions that we operate in. Significant catastrophic activity continuing in the third quarter, however the level of this activity and resulting in trouble damages were only slightly above our average expected cat loads for the quarter. As you may recall, the first two quarter experienced cat activity and resulting losses that were significantly above average. Our total net catastrophe losses for the quarter were about $60 million with $46 million coming from the current quarter events and $14 million related to net increases in loss estimates from the first and second quarter events. Our underwriting teams continue to execute our soft market strategy by emphasizing small accounts for the large ones and focusing more on short tail businesses. The market is showing signs of slight improvement. However, we still see more opportunities for adequate profitability in the short and medium tail lines of business rather than the long tail business. As more and more competitors are factoring into the pricing, the skimpy returns available for new money investments eventually pricing levels for long tail lines will improve; at least we hope so. In the mean time, we are continuing a defensive approach for these lines of business. As a result of these strategies, our mix of business continues to shift towards more short tail and medium tail while our long tail business on a trailing 12-month basis remains approximately 25% of our book. Our annualized Return on Average Common Equity was 10.4% on a reported basis including a slightly negative effect of above-average cat activity and aided by prior year reserve releases. We continue to believe that in the current market environment, we are earning high single-digit ROEs on an underwriting year basis. This is essentially the same level of ROE performance we estimated for the 2010 underwriting year with slightly less earnings from investment income offsetting by slightly better underwriting results generated by adjustments to our mix of business. Our investment performance for the quarter including the effects of foreign exchange was a total return of negative 23 basis points as September was a difficult month in the financial markets. As a result, our book value per share for the quarter increased slightly from $31 per share to $31 20 per share, while book value per share from the year ago grew by 5%. From an underwriting point of view, we record a 94.3 calendar quarter combined ratio, which is an excellent result for the prevailing market conditions. Cash flow from the quarter remained solid at $310 million as claim trends remain favorable. The broad market environment is showing slight improvement across the board. From a rate stand point, most lines of business move into positive territory. The exception were in executive assurance and medical malpractice, where we’re still seeing rate reductions in the rate of 1.5% to 2% for malpractice business and approximately 7% for executive assurance. Even with this slight improvement in the rate environment, significant more rate is needed in many lines in order to achieve adequate returns. For us adequate returns is returns that produced 15% return on equity. In our view based in part on the level of interest rates currently available, the long tail lines need quite a bit more improvement in rate to become attractive. From a premium production point of view our gross rates of premiums were up 3.4% and our net written premiums were up 8.7%. The insurance group was up 1.6% on gross return premiums and 9.6% on net. The shift to smaller accounts and in essence, lower limit policies, affects the net to gross relationships as we retain more net for this type of business. The reinsurance group was up 9.1% on a gross basis and 6.7% on a net basis. The entire re-increase is attributable to additional premiums from short and medium tail lines of business. Long tail lines continued to represent a smaller portion of the reinsurance segment book of business. In the current environment, even after the implementation of RMS 11, which impacted our capital requirements, we’re still left with a very strong capital position. As always we will prefer to deploy all of our available capital towards our underwriting activities. Unfortunately, the market at this point in time does not yet give us the opportunity to do so. As a result we expect to continue our share repurchase program as we continue to accumulate additional excess capital through earnings. Before I turn it over to John for more commentary on our financial results, let me update you on our cat PML aggregate. As of September 1, 2011, under our version of RMS 11, our 1 in 250 PML from a single event was $972 million or 23% of common equity. This amount is for Gulf wind exposures while the northeast wind PML was $870 million and Tri-State County, Florida PML was at $750 million. With that I am turning this over to John for more commentary on our financials. John?
John Hele: Thank you, Dinos and good morning. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net premium to gross premium was 80%, slightly higher than the 77% a year ago, which was due to a change in the mix of business and some modifications in [US Cities] reinsurance treaties. Our overall operating results for the quarter reflected a combined ratio of 94.3% compared to 90.4% for the same period in 2010. The 2011 third quarter included $60 million or 8.7 points of current accident year cat activity net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to $24 million or 3.9 points in the 2010 third quarter. The 2011 third quarter storms including Irene and Danish Flooding had a gross impact of $51 million and a net impact of $46 million. The re-estimation of the 2011 first and second quarter cat events of the Australian floods and cyclone Yasi and the New Zealand earthquake made up most of the additional $11 million gross and $14 million net added to the third quarter provisions for the 2011 cat events. We have little net impacts from the Japanese earthquake as in [corn] revisions and have already reserved the material portion of that exposure. In addition to the cat activity, we experienced slightly higher attritional property claims in the quarter. The 2011 third quarter combined ratio reflected 80.5 points or $58 million of estimated favorable prior-year reserve development net of related adjustments compared to 5.9 points or $37 million in the 2010 third quarter. The prior year development in the third quarter of 2011 reflected net favorable development primarily in property and other short tail lines. As well as in the reinsurance segment casualty business mainly from the 2002 to 2006 underwriting years. Moreover, we gain experience better than expected claims emergence on most lines. The 2011 third quarter current accident year combined ratio excluding large cap events and net favorable developments was 99.9% in the insurance segment consistent with recent quarters. In the reinsurance segment, it was 83.8%, slightly higher than recent quarters due to non-cat attritional property losses. The 2011 third quarter expense ratio of 32.1% was one point lower than in the 2010 third quarter resulting primarily due to the higher level of net premiums in 2011 as well as non-recurring contingent commission income in our reinsurance business which more than offset a higher level of acquisition expenses related to favorable prior-year reserve development. On a per share basis, pretax net investment income was $0.60 in the 2011 third quarter compared to $0.59 for the same period a year ago and $0.63 in the second quarter of 2011. Our embedded pretax book yield before expenses was 3.09% in the 2011 third quarter, down from 3.52% at year end, which primarily reflects lower reinvestment rates. During the quarter we slightly lengthened the portfolio duration to 3.17 from 2.87 at the end of June 2011 with longer-dated treasuries to capture some of the expected gain from lower treasury rates. Total return of the investment portfolio was minus 23 basis points in the 2011 third quarter compared to a positive 165 basis points in the 2011 second quarter. Excluding foreign exchange, it was a positive 38 basis points in the quarter. The total return in the third quarter benefited from good returns in treasuries offset by negative returns on foreign exchange, equities, corporate fixed income due to widening credit spreads and some alternative assets. Our alternative assets include bank loans, global and emerging market bond and multi-assets funds and energy investments. A substantial portion of this negative foreign exchange, credit spread, equity return and alternative asset return has reversed since September 30th to October 25th which demonstrates the volatile investment environment we now face and expect to face for the foreseeable future. We continue to maintain the vast majority of our investable assets in a very high-quality fixed income investment portfolio with an average credit rating of AA plus. We recorded net foreign exchange gains of $60 million during the 2011 third quarter mainly due to the strengthening of the US dollar. These gains resulted from revaluing our net insurance liabilities required to be settled in foreign currencies at each balance sheet date. However, this should be compared to the minus 61 basis points to total return from foreign exchange on investment portfolio which offsets this income statement gain in the equity section of the balance sheet which together with the liability gain resulted in approximately a net $10 million reduction in book value. For the 2011 year-to-date, our effective tax rate on pretax operating income was a benefit of 3.3% and 1.5% on pretax net income. The cat activity this year and low investment returns have resulted in a beneficial of net tax position. Our preliminary estimates of the implementation of the new [DAK] accounting standard recorded in January 1, 2012 should not materially reduced our book value and should not a have significant impact on our operating earnings for 2012. These estimates are still preliminary and may change depending upon the final implementation of the standards. Our balance sheet continues to be conservatively positioned with total capital of $4.9 billion at September 30, up from $4.8 billion at June 30. In the quarter, we purchased 0.7 million shares for $20.8 million at an average price per share of $31.77, a ratio of 1.02 to the average book value. Our debt plus hybrids represent 15% of total capital, well below any rating agency limit for our targeted rating. Our book value per share ended the quarter at $31.20, up 1% from last quarter and 5% from a year ago. In the calculation of our target capital position, we’ve now implemented our version of our RMS 11. The implementation of RMS 11 by Arch, which reflects the application and model with our own internal back testing, increased SMP A-plus required capital by approximately 5%. With the implementation of RMS 11, which in our estimation should reduce overall model error. At this point in time, we’ve changed our target capital to be a AA level by SMP which is a two notch buffer over the A-plus rating. As of September 30, our actual capital is in excess of our target capital. With this comments we’re pleased to take your questions. Fab, we’re ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question will comes from the line of Jay Gelb from Barclays Capital
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Thanks and good morning. I just want to follow-up on the last comment from John about the capital position. I know in the past you have given us a sense of where you feel Arch’s excess capital position is currently. Can you give us an update there?
Dinos Iordanou: Yeah, as we said with the implementation of RMS 11, the 5% number was approximately $200 million. So if you take into consideration that that $200 million has been eliminated our position will be approximately $200 million less of what we had before plus the earnings for the quarter which we added. So in essence our excess capital position hasn't changed that significantly.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay. So would it still be $100 million to $150 million plus whatever you have in retained earnings going forward, is that the right way to think about it?
Dinos Iordanou: You know and don't forget may be a bit more because a new standard now of how we calculate excess capital is the two notches above rating algorithm. So we are an A+ company, we calculate capital by at the AA level and then including the additional requirement that RMS 11 you know gives us on the PML and then anything above that we consider excess capital. So we are in a very strong capital position and that’s the reason we’re going to continue with our share repurchasing you know plan until the market turns and then we can write a lot more premium. But as you have seen from my comments you know even though things are improving not to the level that we’re going to step on the accelerator big time.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: That makes sense. So in the second and third quarter share repurchase typically flows for Arch as we get into win season, and so we expect buybacks in 4Q to be similar to the pace that they were in the first quarter?
Dinos Iordanou: Well yeah, it is a lot of variables price, price-to-book where the Euro is trading, you know etcetera. But yes, our most heavy [Technical Difficulty] share repurchasing traditionally has been the fourth and throughout the first quarter for the reasons that we have already mentioned. In the third quarter, because of the significant expected cat activity we don’t do many share repurchases. So yeah, I would say we are going to go steady as we go as we have done in prior years.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then two, other people have asked this question on other conference calls, in terms of the stabilization of commercial P&C insurance rates, can you say that the current situation is similar to what we saw in 2000 where we had a persistent level of slightly improving rates overtime?
Dinos Iordanou: If you press me for a comparison, you know Jay, and my memory is still good, I mean I am getting older, but I still have good memory. This looks like second quarter of 2000 to me. I have that same feeling; if you go back and look at what happened with the prior cycle, we are starting to see some positive [Technical Difficulty] rates in the second quarter of the year 2000. Don’t forget that continue for the third quarter and forth quarters of 2000; it accelerated a bit in ‘01 but we didn’t really had a true market until first quarter of ’02. So you know even in those days it took what seven quarters before we really got an acceleration; but there is no denying that when we look at our data and don’t forget Arch is not – we’re not a huge company like Travelers or ACE or Chubb that they have much broader you know basis for their comments. Ours is what we see on a $3 billion business not a much bigger book of business. We see in every sector improvement even in those that we still giving up rate, we are giving up a lot less rate this quarter than a quarter ago. So you know your consensus it’s a gradual improvement and it’s across all lines. The only two negative lines we had for the quarter it was in the malpractice area as I said in my prepared remarks and in the executive assurance in the D&O area. Everything else was either you know flat, slightly positive or in the mid-single digit rating process, we just listen from where we were coming, I’ll take it.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Any more color on the loss-cost trends specifically in reinsurance, the X and your X cat’s cash jumped kind of quite a bit?
Dinos Iordanou: Okay. Loss trends are [benign]. You know that’s a broader comment and we usually measure that by frequency and severity of most of the lines and they do it, you know, both in our reinsurance business and in the insurance business we try to get underneath and measure it on the underlying business because, you know, that’s the only place that you can measure those trends. Having said that, we have segments of business that have volatility by nature. Property [fag] is one, of course of the cat business etc. and that for the quarter we have -- we did experience higher than normal, what we would call attritional losses. Some of them, they were flood losses, some -- they were, you know fire losses. But, in essence, we have experienced -- and that it will flow through the numbers and you might see that you know quarter after quarter. But it doesn’t look to us that is, you know, it’s a trend. It’s more as to what happened in a specific quarter. We joined the --
John Hele: And in fact, if you go back Mike – let’s quarter-by-quarter last like a quarter as you’ll see in the reinsurance segment, when you take out cat losses and favorable reserve development that, that number is bouncing around the bit quarter-to-quarter, and as we move to more shorter tail businesses and more property, you’re going to see that -- things that aren’t classified as a cat but we still had above-average storm activity throughout the U.S. and other places. So that’s what you’ve seen is bouncing around.
Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse: Okay, that’s helpful. And lastly, I see you’ve been kind of lengthening the duration of portfolio 3.2 years now. Could you -- are you guys expecting to continue expending, and can you remind us the duration of the liabilities, average book?
John Hele: No, I don’t think we have one, you know we are going to continue to be rather short – to that extent and it was more of reaction you know to Fed comments and what we expected the yield curve to go to. So it was more practical in its execution rather than it changed in philosophy. Our averaged duration is you know 3.6, 3.5 for the liability. So we are still shorter than our overall liability, but in the third quarter we felt that the rates are going to come down. So we tactically has Dino said that linked them with treasuries which paid off because rates did come down by the end of September.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Keith Walsh with Citi.
Keith Walsh - Citi: Hey, good morning everybody. Dinos, in your RMS 11 update comment -- I just wanted to be clear with the PMLs you gave consistent with the view on the 2Q call of 10% to 30% increases and then I have got a follow-up?
Dinos Iordanou: Yes. Yes, don’t forgot, we never use any of the shell product, but in its surety -- we have our own proprietary adjustments that we do based on our own experience, you know, etcetera, and as I said in prior calls even way back in the ‘04 and ‘05 storms we were making adjustments to model, that is not just the RMS model in my BBAIR model which we also use. So, we do pay a lot of attention to these outside models, but at the end of the day we make underwriting decisions and we take, you know risk based on our own models. 
Keith Walsh - Citi: Okay. And just on the excess capital, I think you have alluded to that you prefer buybacks to writing new business at this point is what it seems like from what I heard, but --
Dinos Iordanou: No, no. Our preference is to write more business. However, I am not going to write more business unless I get at -- a good return. What I said is in the current market environment, it doesn't allow me to be looking for 15% to 20% growth. And that's the kind of growth you need to start eating up your excess capital. So not having that opportunity, then I got to return capital to shareholders, and right now based on where our share price trades we still believe that buying back shares is the best way to return that capital back to shareholders.
Keith Walsh - Citi: Right. I was going to ask you what type of rate increase do you think you need to see when that switches over -- when writing new business becomes more attractive on a ROE business -- on an ROE basis relative to the buyback?.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, it depends a lot on the business. I will give you an example, let's take, we are not a big workers’ comp writer right. But our monitors show that in the comp line we are getting the very little we write, we are getting 6%, 7% rate increase. We don't get excited until we get to probably 30% rate increase because if you do the math, you need 30% to 35% rate increase for that comp line based on the yields we get on new money invested and a full-year duration you know ground up to take that 117 -- 115, 117 that the industry is performing at and bring it down to the mid 90s because you need mid 90s in order to get to the mid teens ROEs even on that line. So, our evaluation on as to what we write by line of business type of accounts, goes through these analyses. What’s the rating environment, not only just year-over-year changes, but on an absolute basis, what is the profitability associated with it, and you know how much more can we get in the marketplace even the rates were adequate. Of course, there is limitations to that, I can tell you we feel that in the cat business rates are adequate but PML limitations doesn’t allow you to write you know more than x. So from a risk management point of view, we write up to risk tolerance. So when I look line by line and where we see opportunities, we see opportunities -- you see a little bit of growth, you know, in our business but is not broad based that allows me to deploy all the capital that I have.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Joshua Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank:  Hi, there. You said that executive insurance is giving a weaker pricing but it seems like you are still growing there, the pricing still very attractive?
Dinos Iordanou: Don’t forget, in executive insurance there is -- we view it in three sectors. Right? We have financial institutions, we have commercial [DNO] and then we have what we call private company not for profit etc. And then in [short] we write a lot of small to medium size enterprise which a lot of it is private enterprises etc. The latter part is where we are growing and that’s the part of the business that we like. It fits with our strategy of writing smaller accounts and we believe that profitability for that segment of the business is the best. And so the rate of reference was for large commercial, which were shrinking.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: And then offset by opportunities of the smaller sectors.
Dinos Iordanou:  Exactly.
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And talking about, not too much on workers comp or really its not on workers comp, maybe you did try out the national accounts business a bit and in your experience how sticky is that business and if you had eventually find that attractive, how early do you have to be to give into it in order for profit up side?
John Hele: Well it’s sticky business, and is a high service business because at the end of the day, most of the risk is taken by the client, right?
Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Well, not on the national comp, the workers comp in general. If rates got better would you have to take a loss initially to participate in the profit up side.
John Hele: Well I don’t -- we don’t think so. Some people might, we don’t think so because the market only goes up because there is more demand, and when there is demand, if you are accompanied with an A-plus rating, good service capability and good market reputation, I think you’ll get your fair share. We might be fools but we believe in that. I don’t believe in the fact that we are not writing as much guaranteed, of course workers comp today, will inhibit our ability to participate in the future.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan. 
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: A couple of questions. One may be just to start out on kind of the changes we’re seeing in macro pricing. I guess when I think back to, you said this kind of reminds you to Q2 2000, so just indulge me for a second here a bit. At that point in time, there was a lot of big recognition that reserves were inadequate and while it took you to your point, you know, six or seven quarters for rates to rise enough so that the returns on capital are adequate. The rate increases and exposure gains that were available were significant enough to really allowed companies to grow 20%, 30%, even 50% in some cases over a couple of years span. So I guess my question is, if this plays out in a more kind of incremental fashion relative to the six to seven quarters it took last time to get your return on capitals to kind of target level, how long do you thing it takes this time?
John Hele: It’s a tough question. I don’t know. First of all, your comment is correct. There was -- in the year 2000, there was a recognition that may be reserves were short for the entire industry, not a real problem for most companies in the current environment. Having said that, I think there is more and more of recognition today. Why managements and eventually they reflect that in their underwriting strategies that we’re going to be in a very low yield environment for quite a bit of time. At least there is nothing in the horizon that says that we’re going to go back to the 5%, 6%, 7% returns on the investment portfolios that we were experiencing 10, 12 years ago. So there is different dynamics that cause the adjustment in pricing. I believe there is a recognition today by senior management and in that sense, it’s starting to push it down into the underwriting teams that we need underwriting profit in order to get adequate returns and I think that’s why they were adjusting in price. How long will it take, I don’t know. If I was very good at that, I’d be in Vegas, you know.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: I guess the follow up question of that is do you have a sense in terms of -- whether based on what are you doing internally or what your best guess is based on what we’re seeing in the market, what type of interest rate assumption you are seeing push down? Is it where portfolio yields are today? Is it where the money rates are today? Is it somewhere in between?
Dinos Iordanou:  Well, it depends by company. I don’t know. You have the ability to ask different companies what they do. I can’t tell you what we do. -- rate of return in new money, when we do both our -- we stabilized rates and also when we compensate our underwriting teams on incentive compensation. Any under or over performance from that by the investment department does not effect those calculations either for incentive compensation for our people and/or for rate making.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: That’s fair. Okay. and then John, when you were discussing excess capital, it sounded like when you were talking about the buffer to the AA, the target rating that you ran your buffer against potentially had changed. Did I hear that correctly, and if so, what was the previous target?
John Hele: We use to have a buffer where we took into account the one in 250 PML was the future earnings, from that. But that was based a lot around model air and the potential for a large cap and in thinking about this, the fact we've gone to RMS 11 which we think is now a better calibrator model, at least how we see and how we've implemented it, and thinking about how we want to hold a buffer, we sort of like the overall AA or two notch buffer because that reflects all the risks that we’re taking in the firm. So we've got, sort of, a better buffer now we think about it overall versus a one dimensional buffer, which is only the cat event. And so that's how we want to think about it at this time and run the company.
Dinos Iordanou: The old rule was, it was my rule and it was simplistic. I said I want to begin the year and end the year with a major cat event with the same capital. So I took potential earnings for the year, my PML and then the Delta -- if I have an excess capital I mean would change. Now I think we are getting a little more sophisticated in our calculation and it might change in the future, and if it does we will always tell you as to how we calculate, but right now we feel pretty comfortable that we calculate required capital until internally. Management’s required capital is two notches above what the rating agencies -- and recount excess capital anything above value.
Operator:  Your next question will comes from the line of Dan Farrell with Stern Agee.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee:
 :
Dinos Iordanou: Well, I don’t have, we measure that you know, so I am going to go and I apologize I didn’t know I was going to get the question, that I will have the specific numbers in front of me because we have a monitoring system that compares what we get our new business versus renewals. In most areas today, your new business is anywhere from if renewal business is at a 100, is anywhere from 94 to a 100. But clearly we are getting less rate on new business then we are getting on our renewal business and but I don’t have those numbers right in front of me to give you more specifics, it varies you know by line of business. But on average, I would say in a scale of a 100, new businesses is at 94, maybe 95 and then the renewal business it will be at a 100.
Dan Farrell - Sterne Agee: Just one other quick item, you have mentioned that the increase in the net to growth is driven a little bit by business mix and shift to smaller accounts, is that something we should continue to see of the net to growth shift up over the next few quarters?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, we were aiming for that, you know, but I mean we might have reached saturation in our ability, you know, to continue changing that, because don’t forget we are not abandoning you know the large account business because in a good market, that’s why you make a lot of money. You know, we are just more careful about pricing it today and in that sense you know competition takes some of these accounts. You know we never really went out and told any of our clients, any of the brokers that we do business, don’t send us your large account business. It shows we are not as competitive on that and in that sense all the time it becomes less and less part of the book. I wish I can find the rates to grow that business because anything that we put out from a quotation on any account is something that we are happy about because if we are not happy about it, we shouldn’t be doing it. Right, so it is how much the market returns back to us and you know that’s been our attitude you know yes the recognition that smaller accounts perform better in the cycle is not only by us, it is probably by the entire PNC world, but at the end do you really have the infrastructure to be able you know to do that and over the years I think we built good infrastructure that allows us to do it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mewhirter with RBC Capital Markets.
Doug Mewhirter - RBC Capital Markets:
 :
Dinos Iordanou: But as I said, we are not such a large company to have a broad view. You know asking a very broad question, you know I can tell you based on the limitations that a company writes only $3 billion on annual basis is that in the construction sector which I think we have a good market share you know, we don’t see yet an uptick, keep talking about it but I think that business is still hurting quite a bit and we don’t see the demand upticking. In some other areas we’ve seen a little bit of demand uptick, but it’s not broad enough to grow broad economic conclusions about what’s going on economically in the country, but if I had to guess and this is my guess is I think we just continue to drift. The demand has not really increased to allow us to get more premium or more revenue because of increased demand.
Doug Mewhirter - RBC Capital Markets: My second question deals with a different topic. I know it’s the massive flooding in Thailand you know, hit the major part of the news cycle now and insured loss estimates seemed to be climbing quite a bit. They started well below a billion, I think there may be one as up as high as 2 billion industry loss. Is that a broader event that would impact the overall reinsurance market. I'm not quite sure of how the market is structured in Thailand is, there are a lot more local companies or would you see that those losses trickle into the general global Bermuda, Europe, Lloyds type of market?
Dinos Iordanou: I'm not the right person to answer this question because we have so little in that part of the world that I haven’t really spend time studying it or so, but I’ll do a little research on your behalf and then if you called on a subsequent call as an industry question, so we can comment on it. I’ll shed some light to it, but I got to get back to my cat teams all I can tell you is we don’t have much exposure in that part of the world.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Court Dignan with Fidelity.
Court Dignan - Fidelity: Actually I had a question pertained to capital allocation and maybe for John. I know some people are pretty excited about what’s being said about pricing conditions in certain markets, but actually thought Dinos did a pretty good job of summarizing the situation pretty well in his opening comments which is, it doesn’t really seem to be any seminal change in the whole return economics of the business when you give sort of proper consideration to all the factors. And I guess my question is that given where your shares are currently trading, it looks like you are basically buying you know it is called a 6.5 to 7% incremental earnings yield and obviously the repurchases earned accretive on a stated book basis and I guess the math to me makes it a little hard argument to say that there are accretive on an intrinsic basis, so you know what point do you consider shifting focus towards dividends, either regular or special and away from buybacks?
John Hele: You know we have to be because we’ve always wanted a three-year payback and how we think about this and at these expected returns we’d have to be above 1.2 to make it much longer than three years in terms of the being not getting the payback. So if we’re trading just a little above our book value you know for the average book value for the quarter then we still like to share buy backs.
Dinos Iordanou: Our economic ROE calculation is as I said in my prepared remarks is still high single digits when you put and I think we have something on our website, we have a grid that tells you potential ROE on the left and up on top multiple-to-book and we are the three year in recovery. And right now I don't know if its 1.2 but its 1.18 or something like that and basically until you guys give us more credit and shares go beyond 1.2 times book is not much for us to think about but…
Court Dignan - Fidelity: I guess I added like 125 of book excess, yeah, thanks that's helpful; and one follow-up if I can?
John Hele: Go ahead.
Court Dignan - Fidelity: Along the lines of the great question posed by Matthew Heimermann of JPMorgan, you know I guess I struggle a little bit with the 2Q 2000 and subsequent six to eight quarters analog. Although I am sure I mean, [static] and you know we can kind of debate the numbers back and forth whether it be the industries having total net reserves or spread adjusting cash flow or how we want to look at it. I guess qualitatively though I look around and I just don’t see sort of the frontiers or alliances out there. I guess the question is, are they out there and I am just not seeing it, obviously I will not see any names, you know obviously analog numbers you know there's an event in New York that mattered as well. But it’s an analog that I think I struggle with and also kind of think back to banking in 2007-2008 when people were always you know say you’re going to have a downturn, but you know it looked that the early 90s S&L crisis and now that its worst – the worst its getting; the other reality is that the last cycle very rarely provides an adequate analog for the prospective cycle?
Dinos Iordanou: Every cycle is different, and it happens for different reasons. Yes, the probability of companies going bust is probably a lot less today than it was in the year 2000, because usually companies go bust on reserve deficiencies, not a recognition that I can’t get much yield on new money invested and in that sense I got to improve my underwritings, so I can get underwriting profit etcetera. I feel what’s driving a bit of improvement in the pricing is the realization that investment yields are so low that we got to start thinking about your underwriting profit. I can tell you in the entire 90s nobody ever care if you were publishing a 100 combined 102 or a 104 in a business that you had 6% or 7% return on with a 2.7 to 1 you know leverage and 3.5 to four year duration. I mean, when you do the math, you know it’s pretty good returns. And also in those days, the capital requirements if you go and you seem to be spending a lot of time on the math, the rating agencies that were allowing us on a premium to surplus ratio to write a lot more premium to surplus. As things evolved and they got more sophisticated and the capital requirements have continuous increase and now the yields are going down, you have a much different environment. So I am not predicting that this is – the question was what does it feel like and I said in my comment about second quarter, it was the first time in those days for different reasons that we saw the market starting to increase rates and improve rating environment and I see a consistency in that between second quarter data that we have in the third quarter. Everything is lifting up a little bit; if it was negative, it’s a little bit less negative, if it was zero, it got to positive and if it was slightly negative, it got to zero. So you know that’s the only comment I am making. I can’t predict the future, I don’t know this might be like a jet on the runway and is trying to lift off and it might be a false one may be hit a little bump because they didn’t have a flat runway and then you come down again, I don’t know. But you know we’ll see, time will tell.
Court Dignan - Fidelity: I guess just one follow up to that. I mean with the benefit of hindsight we can go back and we can actually conclude that you know a number of still remaining companies, still prominent companies were actually technically insolvent in the second quarter of 2000, and some that are going to report in the next 24 hours or so. And do you think that anyone fits that description today because it seems like that we are much harder to make the case?
Dinos Iordanou: Listen, my job is to run Arch; I spend most of my time worrying about it. I haven’t done extensive analysis you know in other companies looking at their schedule piece and their reserves. I don’t spend my time you know worrying about others. So you got to do that homework and you can draw your conclusions. But one general comment and then we’ll move onto the next question is, I think the industry in general is not significantly under reserve like it was in the year 2000. And in my history in the business for the last 35 years that I spent as a career, usually companies go bust when they’re grossly under reserved and that does not exist today. So if I have to predict, I don’t see a lot of insolvencies left and right.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Vinay Misquith with Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners:  Hi, thanks guys. I thought I would never get a chance. So since Court has exhausted all the cycle down questions, let me just go back to basics on your business. The first question is on the buyback and it seems that at least looking at your PML, may be about $250 million of excess capital based on the one and two 50 PML. So curious as to how much of stock you’ll be willing to buyback so that given the flexibility that you want to maintain should be pricing and property cat remain strong on Jan 1?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, like I said we have excess capital, I am not confirming how much you’ve calculated how much we are. Also we have earnings for the fourth quarter so that’s in addition that is growing. And like I said before Vinay is, it depends where I'm trading. If I am getting this lousy multiple that I am getting today, I’ll be more anxious to be buying more because I think I am creating value for my shareholders. If I get a reasonable multiple for what we are, I might slow that down a bit and even consider other forms of returning capital. Right now though we have a market that is -- I am going to be more patient because I don’t know if January 1 will might be a much better environment, and if it is, I don’t want to miss it because I said “oh, I don’t have enough capital.” You know if I am going to earn -- if I am going earn, I am going earn on having, you know, more capital available then less, but having said that I don’t see that. That’s why we like share repurchases because you can change what you do on a weekly basis. If I write a check for an extraordinary dividend the minute it goes out I can’t get it back where we shell purchases I can’t accelerate it or I can accelerate it based on yes if I monitor the market conditions. So, I will stick with the comments that I said that a fourth quarter will be no different than what was done in prior quarters, if you go, a year ago, two years ago or three years ago.
John Hele:  And Hele, I think we sleep a little better at night having some buffer because it’s still a pretty volatile -- we are about there with European although the US economy appears to be a bit more detached from it, it’s still a pretty volatile markets out there.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners: Sure, fair enough. The second question is on the future – accident can your margins that’s improved in the insurance operations this quarter year-over-year and it’s been improving from the last couple of quarters. So, is that business mix issues and also and reinsurance, you guys seem to be writing more tad business, more property business, should we look at the combined ratio for an accident (inaudible) basis is going down from both the insurance and the reinsurance segments going forward?
Dinos Iordanou: Well, two things are constant. Your first comment on insurance is correct. I think the change in the mix moving away from -- it eliminates some volatility because they are writing a lot more in small accounts and also they have moved into a short-retail business. And then, of course, on the reinsurance side as we write more and more property cat and property fact etc. we will be re introducing a bit more volatility. We liked the business, long term but it will give you quarter to quarter, you know, volatility because attritional losses may go up and down. It’s a better margin business, right because that’s what we believe today the best margins are, and for that reason we gravitated to that.. I rather take the volatility with a better margin because over a long period of time, I am going to do better for the shareholders. Of course but even with that even we believe a better mix, the way we are calculating, we are still high-single digit ROEs, nothing really to get totally excited about, right? 
Operator: Your next question will comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: First, what made the gulf pass northeastern Florida as your peak (inaudible) was that mainly RMS 11 or did you reshape the portfolio?
Dinos Iordanou: No, it was purely model driven.
Dinos Iordanou: And by the way, you are always asking that question, if I was a professor with you sitting in the back of the room I would have flanked you!
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: As I said I like to hit clean up, I guess. Getting real, you’ll see the next couple of questions are follow-ups. So, on that change in the capital center to AA, does that give you more or less excess capital than if you have had kept the old standard for this quarter?
Dinos Iordanou: It was approximately the same, you know, it depends what to do with the cat. We model it, it’s no big difference, I think it is more sophisticated way of thinking about it. Now if up a 19% of risk tolerance on my PML, one gives me more, if I am at closer to 25, the other one gives me more, so, you know, it depends how you run it, and where you are on the PML. In the old model that was the determining number. If I pushed it way up, on the PML, then earnings and the delta, it required more and now on the other hand, if I take a little less PML, it changes that.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Does it also reflect sort of where we are on the cycle, I guess I am thinking, you know the yields (inaudible) that included a year’s worth of earnings, if actually returns are low, you also get less contribution from that than if actually returns are higher?
Dinos Iordanou: Well you are raising a much more intriguing question which, you know, the way I would tell you is that in a market, let’s say we are in the very good part of the marketplace, I will not keep any cushion. I will write all away to my required capital by the rating agency because I have so much confidence in the business, we write in this profitability why keep excess capital and not really maximize returns for shareholders. So that’s when we said that we step on the accelerator and we write all the business we can. So, this is for now and for the market environment that we are operating today and I think it is prudent in the way we think about it and it gives me comfort. Listen, my number one priority is I want to sleep at night. Right, I don’t want to be turning and tossing. So if I feel good about sleeping at night, then I think I have the right measurement and you know right now believe me, we have enough excess to make me feel good about what we are.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: My last one is just a follow up on the repurchase commentary and John I am actually looking at the sheet and it looks like a 9% ROE, it’s 3½ years at 1.2 times, so it looks like may be the cut off is something like a 1.17 or 1.18 or something and you are trading at 115 I mean we are basically there. So if the stock moves a buck higher from here, are we turning off buy back?
John Hele: Well, see average ROE over the period of time, not your trailing because that was at September 30th and you know the 1.17 to 1.2 is sort of the upper end of the range, but we will continue to look at these options, but you got to average it out over the quarter.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: I guess what I am going at is if the market continues to get more enthusiastic about pricing and the stock because up another 10% or more and you get to the point where the math doesn’t actually work, what is the option? Is it dividend, is it and again assuming it is not a hard enough market you know where we want to grow a lot right for sort of in this in between land where pricing is up may be a little bit more than last trend, we don’t grow a ton, the stock is too expensive to buy back, what do we do with the capital?
Dinos Iordanou: Listen at the end of the day, it is not a hard and fast rule, that will require another discussion between us and the Board, we told the Board we’ll only buy it at under a three-year or less recovery, if special dividend which is not something that I prefer because it loses that flexibility that I talked about that I can turn it up or down depending what I see in the marketplace. One of the things that makes us what we are at here is the old (inaudible) strategy that will agile, will adjust to things both from an underwriting point of view, from what we do by a line of business et cetera and that draws this into that category. If we get there, listen, I haven’t seen 1.2 times book value for a long time. I keep dreaming about it and when I see it may be we’ll have another discussion and then we might make whatever determinations.
John Hele: And then the other point is you know what’s the ROE on the business already in the quarter and Jan 1 may be better, may not be better, there’s a lot of things, you questioned a lot of what ifs and we got to decide sort of almost when we get there.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Got it, I guess the thing I was thinking of it is I wonder if again if we get into a situation may be hoarding capital is the right strategy and turning off the buyback would make sense because if we really are within six or eight quarters of a market turn, why not keep the extra capital rather than buying it back at it that payback, keep that capital so when the market does turn, you can write more business, more quickly and if it’s a short-term reckoned ROE who cares?
Dinos Iordanou: Right, we agree with you but give us a little credit here, we modeled that and the reason, don’t forget, there is other ingredients on our capital structure that allows us quite a bit of flexibility. That and hybrid to equity is very low. So even the minute somebody rings the bell and he says you’re getting on this straightaway and we’re going to write a lot I have the ability to raise you know I don’t know three quarters of billion to a billion dollars of additional capital without you know diluting my common shareholders which is the last thing that I want to do. I didn’t buy all these shares back because later on I want to dilute it. So that calculation we do continuously to make sure that never point in time, at no important time capital restrictions would not allow us to write as much good business as we can get our hands on.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: I had one question remaining, why are large account executive assurance rates stubbornly weak?
Dinos Iordanou: I wish I knew, I think I am attributing to you know the class action activity is being benign and for that reason probably some people, they get more optimistic that they are not going to have the significant losses emanating from you know from this national class actions. Having said that we made mistakes in other lines of business that make us more cautious, for example in the aviation business, commercial aviation you know, yeah we didn't have major air liners that you know go down but their pricing got to a point that at some point in time even one or two incidents will take something from thinly profitable to extremely unprofitable. And I am suspecting that in the commercial D&O you know may be a slight change in environment all of a sudden you are going to have a lot of people with a lot of peers out there. So its an attitude as to what do you view, where the overall rates are and do you take into consideration what happened in the past and do you put some thought process into the improved benign activity. But do you price purely that what's happening today its going to continue to happen in the future. That's the same issue we had with you know RMS 11 which you get a lot of different outcomes if you take to long patterns or if you take the short patterns, three-four years and average that on cat activity so you've got to make judgments and in our judgment on the D&O world I think rates there you know they shouldn’t be continue to going down I think that business should stay, we are not its unprofitable, but we would continue to give upright and we are giving it a strong you know but still negative and that tells you a lot of people like that business in order for ways to continue to go down. There is a lot of capacity out there. But at the end of the day we are starting to be very cautious about that a lot.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Thanks a lot. And since you brought it up, RMS I think also updated the European model in the middle of this summer, is that going to change your have an impact on your pricing or rate expectations, the desired rates for the January renewals?
Dinos Iordanou:  It depends what the market reacts to, don’t forget we were way underweight in European wind and we were way underweight on Japanese quake and that is because we didn’t like the rating environment. It wasn’t just purely – I think the model changes might cause the supply-demand to improve and if pricing goes up, it might give us more opportunities, but I am not predicting that. I don’t know when it happens, and if it happens we will react to it. But we continue to be underweight in European wind because of the rates we can get.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Iordanou for closing comments.
Dinos Iordanou: Well, thank you. Thanks to everybody for bearing with us for an hour 50 minutes. We are looking forward to seeing you next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Constantine Iordanou – Chairman, President and CEO John Hele – CFO, Treasurer and EVP
Analysts:  Keith Walsh – Citigroup Global Markets Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners Ron Bobman – Capital Returns
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Arch Capital Group Limited Earnings Call. My name is Modesta and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today’s press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management’s current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company’s current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company’s earnings press release and is available on the company’s website. I would now like to turn the conference over to your hosts for today, Mr. Dinos Iordanou and Mr. John Hele. Please proceed.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you, Modesta. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In the second quarter, we continued to see significant catastrophic activity, this time emanating primary from severe weather events that occurred in the United States in April and May. The level and intensity of these storms were unprecedented and a departure from historic patterns and serves as another reminder that in the insurance business significant natural catastrophes do occur and need to be priced for. I continue to be pleased with our underwriting approach and the discipline in which our insurance and reinsurance underwriting teams are executing our overall underwriting strategy. As the soft cycle has evolved, we have continually adjusted our book of business to lines and classes that are priced appropriately on a risk-adjusted basis in order for us to achieve the required return relative to the risk assumed. As a result of executing this strategy, on a trailing 12 month basis, our short tail exposures have grown to be about half of our premium. Our medium tail is roughly 25% of premium volume and our long tail has been reduced to approximately 25%. This is significantly a different book of business than we had several years ago. Our total net catastrophe losses for the quarter were $95 million, with North America weather-related losses contributing $79 million and the balance coming from the re-estimation of our first quarter catastrophe losses and the second quarter New Zealand earthquake. Our annualized return on average common equity was 6.1% on a reported basis, which was affected by the above mentioned cat losses, which exceeded our quarterly cat load. By our own estimation, we continue to believe that in the current underwriting and investment environments we operate in, on an expected basis, we’re still able to achieve approximately 9% ROE on an underwriting year basis. This is essentially the same level we estimated for the entire 210 underwriting year. Our investment performance for the quarter was good with a total return of 1.7%, aided by a slight improvement in treasury rates. As a result of our investment performance, and despite the cat losses, we were able to increase our book value per share to $31, which is an increase of 13.3% from a year ago and 2.2% from a quarter ago. From an underwriting point of view, we recorded a 100% combined calendar quarter combined ratio, which is an acceptable result in a period marked by above-average catastrophic losses. Cash flow from operations remained solid at $222 million. The broad market environment continues to be competitive with most long tail product lines having plenty of capacity available and which are experiencing slight price declines. For us, these classes represent about 20% of our quarterly volume and 25% of our trailing 12-month premium volume. In the property and property cat areas, the environment improved, with the best increases today reflected in international cat exposed business. As noted earlier, our short tail book of business in total was roughly 54% of net premiums for the quarter, and approximately half of our volume on a trailing 12-month basis. For medium tail lines, the environment is stable for some classes and improving for others. Our medium tail business was approximately 26% of this quarter’s volume and 25% of the trailing 12-months volume. From a premium production point of view, our gross written premium was up 12% and our net written premium were up 13%. Most of this production increase emanated from our reinsurance operations, which reported growth of 36% in gross written premium and 33% in net written premium. Part of this growth is attributable to one account that was renewed on a two-year basis. And adjusting for this account, the percentage increases would have been 25% and 21%, respectively; still a very strong performance. Most of the balance of the increase in written premium was in short tail and medium tail lines. Our insurance operations were up 3% on a gross written premium basis and 4% on a net written basis. During the second quarter, we saw no significant change in market conditions, with rate levels for all lines of business either improving slightly or staying the same as in the prior quarter. The areas under the most pressure continue to be executive assurance and healthcare, with mid single-digit rate declines. All other lines reported flattish or slightly positive rate movements. In our reinsurance business, we saw good improvement in the property cat area, with average rate increases of 8% in the United States and 28% on average in international business, where increases ranged from as little as plus 5% to as high as 70%. Across our business segments, even in the most difficult markets, we always look for opportunities to finds acceptable books of business to underwrite without sacrificing underwriting standards. We are starting to see some of these opportunities from both our existing product offerings, as well as from our new product initiatives, which have helped stabilize premium levels. Our insurance group continues to emphasize and move their book of business to smaller accounts and to relatively less volatile lines with an emphasis on reducing their exposure to the U.S. casualty business. The area with significant volume reductions in the second quarter was professional liability. This reduction in volume primarily resulted from the larger account sector of this business. As we mentioned on last quarter’s call, we continue to monitor the primary casualty E&S sector in the U.S. Although we continue to see price increases in isolated areas, we remain in a defensive posture in this line as we still believe that the rate improvements today will not produce an adequate return. I would like to reiterate that our capital management philosophy has not changed. We have consistently and will continue to return excess capital to our shareholders when we cannot profitably deploy it in our business. As is customary for us, during the hurricane season we will temper our share repurchase appetite. Of course, should we find opportunities to buy our shares at very attractive prices because of market dislocations, we will continue to do so. Before I turn it over to John for more commentary on our financial results, let me update you on our cat PML aggregate management. As of July 1st, 2011, under RMS 10, our 1 in 250 PML from a single event was $740 million, or 18% of common equity. This represents roughly the same level of exposure and percent of common equity as of last quarter’s end. We are continuing our process of reviewing RMS 11 and its various changes, and have not yet finalized our examination at this point. However, under RMS 11, based on the current iteration of the model, our preliminary estimates of PML for one in 250 year events indicate that these exposures estimates, in comparison with the RMS 10, will produce increases which range between 10% to 30%, depending upon the zone, with all of such preliminary amounts remaining within risk management limits. So with that I’m going to turn it over to John for further commentary on financials. John?
John Hele: Thank you, Dinos. Good morning. Regarding our premium income, on a consolidated basis, the ratio of net premium to gross premium was 77%, about the same as a year ago. Our overall operating results for the quarter reflected a combined ratio of 99.6% compared to 90% for the same period in 2010. The 2011 second quarter included $95 million, or 14.8 points, of current accident year cat activity net of reinsurance and reinstatement premiums compared to $7 million or 1.1 points in the 2010 second quarter. The 2011 second quarter U.S. storms and New Zealand earthquake had a gross impact of $98 million and a net impact of $82 million. The reestimation of the 2011 first quarter events of the Australian floods and cyclone, Yasi, the New Zealand earthquake and the Japan earthquake and tsunami added $21 million gross and $13 million net to the second quarter provisions for the 2011 cat events. The reestimation was mainly driven by further claims development and contingent business interruption expected claims from the Japanese event. The 2011 second quarter combined ratio reflected 8.9 points, or $58 million, of estimated favorable prior year reserve development net of related adjustments, compared to 5.2 points, or $33 million, in the 2010 second quarter. The prior year development in the second quarter of 2011 reflected net favorable development, primarily in property and other short and medium tail lines, as well as in the reinsurance segment, casualty business, mainly from the 2002 to 2005 underwriting years, and also included a $5 million reduction in the provision for the 2010 cat events. Moreover, excluding the cat activity in the quarter, we generally experienced better-than-expected claims emergence on most lines. The 2011 second quarter current accident year combined ratio, excluding large cat events and net favorable development, was 101.8% in the insurance segment and 79.7% in the reinsurance segment, both consistent with results as of a year ago. The 2011 second quarter expense ratio of 32.5% was 0.8 higher than in the 2010 second quarter, resulting from higher costs in part from billing the insurance accident health business and foreign currency adjustments, as well as higher incentive compensation accruals. On a per share basis, pre-tax net of investment income rose to $0.63 in the 2011 second quarter compared to $0.57 for the same period a year ago and $0.63 in the first quarter of 2011. Our embedded pre-tax book yield before expenses was 3.23% at the end of the 2011 second quarter, down from 3.52% at year-end, which reflects lower reinvestment rates and a short duration. The total return of the investment portfolio was 165 basis points in the 2011 second quarter, compared to 150 basis points in the 2011 first quarter. Excluding foreign exchange, it was 154 basis points in the quarter. The total return in the second quarter benefited from good returns on fixed income assets, partially offset by negative returns on equities and some alternative assets. We recorded net foreign exchange losses of $18 million in the 2011 second quarter due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar against the euro and other currencies. These losses resulted from revaluing our net insurance liabilities required to be settled in foreign currencies at each balance sheet date. However, this should be compared to the 11 basis points contribution to total return from foreign exchange on our investment portfolio, which offsets some of this income statement loss in the equity section of the balance sheet. Our allocation equities was approximately a net 3.5% of our investable assets, including cash, at quarter end, while alternative investment and equity method investments were consistent at 6.3% of our investable assets. We continue to maintain the vast majority of our investable assets in very high-quality fixed income investment portfolio, with an average credit rating of AA plus. The duration of the investment portfolio was 2.87, about the same as 2.83 at year-end. We continue to maintain a shorter duration of our assets than our liabilities, which are approximately 3.5 due to the continued global uncertainty and potential volatility of interest rates. For the 2011 first half, our effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was a benefit of 2.7%, and 1.7% on pre-tax net income. The cat activity this first half-year and low investment returns have resulted in a beneficial net tax position. Our balance sheet continues to be conservatively positioned, with total capital at 4.8 billion at June 30th, 2011, up from 4.7 billion at March. In the quarter, we purchased 0.9 million shares for 29.6 million at an average price per share of 33.51, at a ratio of 1.09 to the average book value during the quarter, which fits into our expected return of under three years at this profitability level. Our debt plus hybrids represent 15% of our total capital, well below any rating agency limit for our target of rating. Our book value per share ended the quarter at $31, up 2.2% from last quarter and 13% from a year ago. Our excess capital position, which we define as the rating agency actual capital in excess of the required for an A+ rating plus a buffer, was estimated to be approximately $300 million at the end of the 2011 second quarter under RMS 10 and including ALCI. Depending upon the final implementation of RMS 11, we would expect our excess capital to be reduced by an amount yet to be determined. We are comfortable with our capital position heading into the usual cat season. With these comments, we are pleased to take your questions.
Constantine Iordanou: Modesta, we’re ready for questions.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup Global Markets: Good morning, everybody.
Constantine Iordanou: Hi Keith.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup Global Markets: How are you doing? Dinos, you mentioned underwriting ROE’s remaining in the 9% range and I was just curious why that was. I would assume with the property cat and especially growth that you were writing that at well above the 9% you cited. And it was a pretty sizeable chunk this quarter, so if you can just touch on that?
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. The – you got to look at the entire book of business. You are absolutely correct; I think the prospects of better returns on that portion of our business is there, but you have to also see where we’re losing ground in the executive assurance and healthcare. Even though it’s a much smaller part of our business, we are still giving rate reductions, so you’re losing ground there. And then the rest of the lines, they haven’t really – each though we are seeing a little bit of an uptick on rates, flattish and maybe slightly up, I don’t think that keeping up with trend is still positive, so when you put all that and you put the positives and the negatives we didn’t see any movement in the profitability I think that we’re achieving on an underwriting basis. And 9% is not really our target but, at the end of the day, it is what we can achieve in this market. So...
Keith Walsh – Citigroup Global Markets: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: The other part is, on the long tail lines, profitability source dependent upon the new money yields, so as you saw from John’s commentary, our embedded yield on new money invested is coming down because as we reinvest the funds, new cash flow, it’s going down. So that affects the ROE too because even though the duration of liabilities on the long tail is still the same you are earning a lot less on the float.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. And then just thinking about new business growth and the property cat area, is this – are you winning because of wounded competitors? Is that a major reason you’re seeing new flow?
Constantine Iordanou: I wouldn’t characterize it as such. I think in some parts of the world, and even in the United States, we never really push the envelope to our upper limit or our tolerance, so we always have room and we continue to have room to write more, so where we found the opportunity is independent if they were opportunities overseas or opportunities in the United States; we did take advantage of it. At the end we let the market determine where we have the best chances to get a good return and that’s where we go.
Keith Walsh – Citigroup Global Markets: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc: Thanks and good morning. Dinos, with the excess capital position potentially coming down a bit more with the implementation of RMS 11, does that mean RMS could be more geared towards premium growth as opposed to share buybacks going forward?
Constantine Iordanou: Oh, I think we’re going to do both. If we find opportunities for premium growth, we’ll take them. That’s our number one priority. I mean, we’re in business to produce underwriting profits for shareholders. So where we have an opportunity to expands our business through underwriting we’re going to take those opportunities. Having said that, though, we’re not going to keep excess capital on the balance sheet, so depending where the market goes, how this hurricane season fares for the industry and us, we’re going to reevaluate where our capital position and we’ll continue with share repurchases if we can deploy the capital in the marketplace.
John Hele: And Jay, because we’re under levered, if the market does turns more and it becomes quite hard we have great capacity to increase writings, if we see the ROE is there.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc: Right.
Constantine Iordanou: This flexibility is – there’s plenty of flexibility on the balance sheet. So I don’t – from a directional point of view, I don’t think is any change; it would be steady as we go. In prior years we kind of wait and see on the third quarter, we – maybe a share repurchases being delight as usually in the third quarter because we want to see where the hurricane season takes us. But we had significant activity usually in the fourth and first quarter. And that pattern has been around for you guys for what, three or four years now, so – since we started our buyback program.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc: Right. Okay. And then in the reinsurance segment, the 36% growth as reported, a big portion of that clearly was the renewal of multiyear deal and then you probably also had some reinstatement premiums coming in. On a normalized basis, what do you think that growth rate was in 2Q?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, on a normalized basis, I think it was in the 20% range. The reinstatement premiums, they weren’t that significant. The one large deal is, I gave you the delta, it was like 11%, 36 versus 25%. And that’s a deal that has always been return on a two year basis. So for year-over-year comparison it throws off our numbers a bit for you guys. But you’ve known it for years that we skip a year and then it comes in. On an earned basis it makes no difference, because you’re earning the premium over 24 months anyway.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc: All right. And then just in the follow up on the reinsurance segment, what do you think is a reasonable expectation for growth going forward? My guess is it wouldn’t be in the 20s.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. Listen, if I was that good I can predict the future I’d be in Vegas betting on the tables. I mean, it’s whatever the market shows us. We don’t shy away from underwriting and taking risk as long as we believe that there is a profit in the transaction. So we found opportunities in the first and second quarter of this year, we took advantage of those. If those opportunities continue to be presented to us, you’ll see growth. If not, we’re not ashamed to go back to our defensive underwriting posture and have no growth or even negative growth.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Inc: Okay. Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc: Yes. Thank you. I hope that all’s well. I was wondering if you guys could detail a little bit on loss trends by line. We’ve had a few conference calls here and not getting a lot of detail, but everyone sort of agreed that loss costs are up a little bit. Maybe you could add a little bit of a detail to that.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I can give you the ranges, Josh. We’ve seen as low as 2.5% in some lines to as high as 6.1% I think. But you know our philosophy. We don’t change trend projections on a quarterly basis. One set of data on another diagonal, you know, it’s not going to change those projections. Our actuaries take a longer-term view and they look at both frequency and severity and they do it by what we call IBNR family or product line and then we use that in pricing our business. So the range is as low as 2.5%, and as high as 6.1%. That’s what we have by line of business. Of course, the highest is in the medical mile area, executive assurance has a high trend too because of severity, so.
Josh Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc: That’s a great answer, thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Wanted to actually just take your temperature on again the capital side. I’m trying to understand; I know you have 300 today and obviously we’re entering an RMS 11 world. If it’s just a normal hurricane season, how will things look into year-end and what impact does that have into the marketplace from pricing perspective into 2012 and beyond?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, to give me a little leeway to answer your question is what is a normal hurricane season? Would you define that for me?
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: 18 billion is the average 10 year losses.
Constantine Iordanou: So having one hurricane with industry losses of about 18 billion.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes.
Constantine Iordanou: For our book of business, it would be containing normal cat loads so it won’t have any effect on our capital.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. So then it’s sort of you’re just trying to navigate from an RMS 10 to an RMS 11 world and you feel pretty good about where you are sitting.
Constantine Iordanou: Don’t forget, RMS 10 and 11 is just another recalculation on the same set of exposures, right. You know, we’ve been operating with RMS 10 now for a couple of years, so we have an idea as to what our exposure is, how you measure them, etcetera. That’s why we’re very, very careful before we fully implement RMS 11 that we do understand all the changes that they have made to the model and we agree with them. Don’t forget, even with RMS 9 or 10 or going back, we always made our own customary modifications ourselves. And if you look at our cat management over the years I think we get pretty good marks. So I’m pretty confident in the ability of our teams to not only understand the external models but also how they internally make tweaks to them in order to serve our underwriting needs and that’s the process, you know, we’re going through right now. That’s why I didn’t want to just plug in RMS 11 without having a full understanding of what modifications they made, do we agree with them, and all that, does the empirical data that we have jives with that or do we have to make some of our own changes? John, do you want to –
John Hele: Yes.
Constantine Iordanou: You spent a lot of time with it – with the cat teams.
John Hele: Yeah. So, Greg, I think, what’s important when you look at us and also think of other people in the industry as well is when we say RMS 10, as Dinos mentioned, it’s how we have implemented RMS 10. And we’ve already done a lot of backtracking of various storms and how that mapped the model and had increased some exposures in certain areas. And likewise, with RMS 11, we are looking at it the exact same way. We are looking at their changes and their empirical research, also from other vendors and looking at their research before we finalize and zero in on our final numbers. So the percentages may be different from us, from other people. It also depends on where the locations are. The RMS 11 versus 10 raw models have changed quite a bit by regions. So it’s going to depend a lot upon your book of business. And this takes some time to make sure you’re really comfortable with. But overall, we think we have sufficient capital for all this, and we’ll continue looking to write some good business.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: There is no restriction in our ability to respond to market opportunities. We will stay within our risk management tolerance. We’re not going to increase that. We’re comfortable at 25% of common equity. We’re going to manage the book within that. And we’re comfortable where we are today. And RMS 11 will be implemented within the company shortly. We’re in the process of doing it right now.
John Hele: Finally, Greg, there’s one point. When we say excess capital, that’s from our target. And our target number is A-plus, plus a buffer. So the buffer is there to get through big storms or bad events in the world, and that’s how we run the company. So excess is really an amount above A-plus and above a buffer. So it’s quite up there.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And just again on the capital side, how do you think of the impact of two events in the fixed income markets? One is higher interest rates, just – let’s just say they go up 100 basis points or 200 basis points. And secondly would be sovereign downgrades on the U.S. side. How would that impact your thoughts around your excess capital position?
Constantine Iordanou: I’d like to...
John Hele: Yeah. So the duration of our entire portfolio, which includes everything, is 2.87. So if interest rates went up around the world, because we have business in other currencies, it would be 300 million, if you take our total investment portfolio and multiply that out by the 2.87. That, though, is – that’s a very big move from where we are on the whole yield curve across the board. More likely, you’ll see – you see this in Europe. It’s not the whole curve moving for these countries. It’s shorter-term and moving up more. It’s hard to predict. But I think we feel with our buffers we have versus our capital position that we can withstand some pretty big shocks here that happen around the world. When it comes to sovereign downgrades, we don’t have any exposure to the PIGS or the risks in Europe. It’s very hard to predict secondary impacts on what would happen around the world to these things. And the US downgrade is also hard to predict what might happen. You may think rates may go up instantly. History showed that when Japan was downgraded from AAA to AA+ in 2001, the 10-year Japanese bond actually went down 24 basis points in the subsequent time. So we’re in a very bit of uncharted territory here and by being short is really one of the best protections of being conservative on the credit quality.
Constantine Iordanou: We do own a muni portfolio which is a little over a $1 billion in the US, but the muni story is specific to each bond. We do a lot of the credit analysis within our worlds, we just don’t depend on outside advisors on that and we feel pretty comfortable where we are with our muni portfolio because even in some states that there might be a lot of stress, etcetera and there might be some municipal defaults, when we run that against what we own we feel very comfortable with the positions that we have on the muni side.
Greg Locraft – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Constantine Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. Hi Matt.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Sorry to beat the dead horse here on...
Constantine Iordanou: If it’s not dead, we’ll kill it.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Let’s work towards that. So just in terms of – I was just curious on kind of how RMS might impact a couple of things. So specifically, just in terms of what’s driving the increase, is that likely to be – is there any specific region driving the increase? And I think last quarter, historically southeast has been your biggest zone. Is that potentially going to change under – once you fully implement the new model?
Constantine Iordanou: Let me give you some preliminary color and we haven’t finished all the analysis. It seems to us that it has less of an effect in Florida for us because of the changes that we were doing to how we were viewing Florida risk. It has more of an impact in Gulf States, meaning Louisiana, Texas, etcetera, and most of that is coming from the changes in storm surge and also inland damageability going in 30, 40, 50 miles. So when I gave you those ranges of 15% to 30%, to be more precise it was like 14% something to 29%. The 29, it was mostly for the Gulf States, not for Florida. But I want to reemphasize again, these are our preliminary numbers because we like to be very thorough and our teams are spending a lot of time and a lot of effort on – not on the implemented model but understanding it and we don’t do things that we don’t agree with. So we got to get agreement as to what we’re going to implement by our own cat teams.
John Hele: You know, Matt, there are three major areas that everyone has to analyze with the RMS 11. The first one is the shorter-term frequency. The model has a higher frequency assumed in the short term due to ocean warming – the cyclical ocean-warming cycle. So there’s a long-term average of frequency over 100 years or more, but there’s a shorter-term cycle. And it’s deciding do you really agree with that and how do you want to implement that? The second is the vulnerability, or as Dinos mentioned, the further inland, how far the storms come in, and what the damages are. And the third is the storm surge. So getting comfortable with all those takes some time, and we’re analyzing, we’re running it, we’re backtracking it versus prior storms and also reading all of the empirical research and speaking with RMS to truly understand where they’re at.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just – probably just taking this a little bit further, any – is there – is insurance or reinsurance or is it similar between the two that’s disproportionately responsible for whatever increase we’ll see?
John Hele: Well, the...
Constantine Iordanou: To a great extent, on the reinsurance side, we are – we take 100% net. We do buy some retro and some ILWs to protect different parts of our book, and we do that. That’s more – I would call that managing PML aggregates. On the insurance side, we buy a lot of cat cover. So there is scenarios that you cycle over – let’s say you take 75 million deductible or net retention on each storm and you buy 325 million above it. It’s only when you go over the 400 million that – and there is some scenarios that in our insurance group there is potential for us to be cycling over. And now, there is two ways to deal with that. Either you reduce exposure and/or you buy more protection at a cost. You can always go and buy another 50 or 100 million of protection. So that’s the kind of evaluations we’re going through analyzing our book of business and getting to an agreement. Don’t forget, we’re taking the risk. We had to agree to it, working with RMS and their scientists in explaining everything that they have done to the model. And then we’re going to make determinations. Right now, we’re very comfortable with the exposures that we have and where we’re at. But this is – we’re spending a lot of time, and it’s going to evolve. It’s going to evolve over the next month or two. It has not changed what we have done in the (inaudible) business because that season is pretty much over after July 1st. And even at the worst possible escalation, we did 30% across the board. It was still within – well within our tolerance. So from that perspective, it didn’t give us any angst and it won’t become an issue again until January 1. So we have plenty of time to analyze and refine and make determinations on the model.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That’s helpful. And then if we just translate this back to the capital discussion, I mean how should we think about the proportionality of the increase in the PML relative to how much excess capital you have? Because simplistically one could come from it, and this is why I’m asking, but you could come to the approach and say, okay, well, excess capital is the difference between wherever your one in 250 PML is relative to common equity versus what the required equity would be at 25, but I think in reality the models are more complicated. So could you give us a sense of how would that 300 look if it was up 10 versus up 30 or some kind of range of outcomes like that?
Constantine Iordanou: Let me reemphasize what John said before because there is rating-agency-required capital. And then there is Arch management required capital. We always calculate our excess capital on the Arch management required capital, which is a bigger number than what the rating agencies require us for our current ratings. And the reason we have that buffer, as we call it, is because we always try to operate with the simple principle that I want to begin the year and end the year with rating-agencies-required capital by having enough of a buffer that if I have a one in 250 year event or if I have a 200 basis points parallel movement on the yield curve and my balance sheet can absorb that shock, 500, 600 million, and between the earnings of the year, potential earnings and the shock, I begin the year and end the year with the rating-agencies-required capital. And that’s a very, very, very conservative position. Now, you know, as the models become more robust, you’re never going to eliminate the variability of the models around the mean. But as they become more robust and we’re getting more and more confidence that means we might not have to keep as much cushion as we have in the past. But that’s our own internal determination. And that’s why we’re spending a lot of time in trying to understand the changes in the model and what these numbers mean and how much cushion do we need in order for us to be feeling comfortable. And right now I can tell you, based on our preliminary numbers, I feel that maybe we won’t need as much cushion to bridge us between what the rating agencies want from us and what Arch management with a cushion needs. But we haven’t made those determinations yet because we’re still in the process of analyzing. The principle, though, we’re not going to change. We want independent of all these stress events, independent if it’s a financial event, with a significant movement on the yield curve, 200 points parallel move on the yield curve or a 50 or 60 or 100 billion storm, we want to be able to begin that year and end that year with rating-agencies-required capital so our rating doesn’t suffer. So we will be the company that is going to be the go-to company by clients because financially we will continue to be very extremely strong.
John Hele: Matt, we aren’t in a position yet to give you any guidance on how these – the excess capital rating agency model works, because they work both with single and also aggregate and how all these add up across the board, how we implement RMS 11 can have an impact on that. So that’s why it’s still too early for us...
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: You know, that’s fair and that’s – I appreciate the color, Dinos, because I think, you know, I think what you’re saying is very fair and very thoughtful in terms of how to think about capital. And there are definitely some yins and yangs to how you implement this and it shapes your total view of capital. But I guess what we’re struggling on this side is just to try to think about – and this might not be the right way to think about it, but just for a reference point, getting a sense of what the potential change in PML does to count as capital on a static basis. And so I mean, if you held your buffer the same and let’s say, you know, if we just kind of held things constant and the PML went up, let’s say under RMS 10, let’s just say you wrote more business, that might not be fair. But if...
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I – if you do a
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: How does that 300 change, because I recognize...
Constantine Iordanou: Well, it’s a simple calculation Matt, it’s a simple calculation. If you take it in a simplistic way as you put it, you take the worst case scenario of 30% on 700 million is 210 million, so the excess goes from 300 to 100.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: But it’s not as simple as that. I don’t want you to leave with the, you know, idea that it is as simple as that. That’s why we do spend time analyzing and understanding what we have. Don’t forget, putting – we don’t run the company because we want to be right that we have this excess capital, this short. We run the company on the basis, we’re taking good exposures, appropriate for the size of balance sheet we have and independent of major events, financial events, catastrophic events, et cetera. We stand as strong or stronger than most of our competitors. That’s the thought process. And because there is the day after and it’s how you feel the day after of a major event that is critical to us. And we want to always be the company that is first able and willing to satisfy the needs of their existing customers because they continue to have capacity and also acquiring new customers. And it’s all interrelated. It’s our thought process about what kind of balance sheet we have, how much room we have on the balance sheet, what the financial leverage is of the balance sheet; it’s all interrelated.
John Hele: Yeah, so Matt, we don’t think this constraints our ability to grow this implementation of RMS 11 from the preliminary work we’re doing. Because as I mentioned earlier, if we have seen great business around the world, we can issue some more debt and grow as dramatically. There would be a constraint, a local constraint. I mean, we may cap out to be at our 25% of common equity in one zone and then cap that out because we will never take too much risk in any one place no matter how good the pricing looks. But overall, we don’t think this is a business-constraining implementation.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Now that’s fair. The color is good. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thank you. I have three questions; I think they should be relatively short. On the...
Constantine Iordanou: Special treat for one, Jay.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Call it two and a half, maybe. On the investment side, if rates – if interest rates in the market stay where they are, when would you think that the book yield would equal the new money yield?
John Hele: Well, we have a duration of three. So within – it’s been rolling down. We’re not only investing in treasuries. We’re investing in a series of investments around the world as well, both in the U.S. and other places. So it’d be next year to the year after sometimes.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Second one, this is a short one. On the reinsurance side, the growth in the cat business, did some of that growth come from retro deals, because I know there was obviously some demand in the market for retro cover.
Constantine Iordanou: No. We’re not – fund the retro, we don’t write but a tiny little piece of retro. Sometimes we’re buyers of retro, but not sellers. But no, it came from traditional ex of loss opportunities, both internationally and domestically. There was also some re-shifting on our domestic book as to what part of the tower we participate. So our guys always look to see based on their own curves as to where they think they’re getting the best rate in relationship to the capacity they’ve put out. So that’s what the changes were. And of course, we wrote some medium tail business that we thought it was attractive and it gave us good ROE characteristics.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. And then the last question, you mentioned claims trends, and that 2.5% to roughly 6%. I’m assuming that’s what your assumption is for claims trends when you’re pricing and reserving the business, but I guess a question I had was are you seeing any changes in the claims frequency? Anything in this quarter that suggest the trend might be changing? Even if you’re not changing your view from a pricing standpoint, does the data suggest the world is changing at all?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, Jay, you’re conflicting me, because you say trend and then you want me to – trend to me is something that takes over a longer period of time. One quarter. As John said, and I think in his prepared remarks he touched upon that, our expected claim emergence was lighter than what we –
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Cat events.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. Put the cat aside. But on the regular book, our expect both on an incurred basis and on a paid basis, but it’s only one quarter. So do you change your view for everything you do? We don’t. At the end of the day when we talk about trend is more longer term and looking at a lot more than just one quarter’s data.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I probably misused the word trend then, I guess. But it sounds as if there was no data, no new information this quarter, which suggests a change in the environment, in the claims environment, frequently specifically.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I can only– we do the trend analysis by, as I said, by line of business, usually once a year. It’s not always at the same time. One quarter they will do one product line, next quarter they’re going to do another product line. And they cycle over, because you got to divvy up the work. What John said, though, we always look at but we don’t pay a lot of attention to it, is that, yes, we have an expectation every quarter as to how much emergence we’re expecting and how much, both on a paid and on an incurred basis, and it was lighter than usual. On the other hand, I had other surprises. My attritional losses on property, they were a little higher than what I expected. But that happens; one quarter you got attritional going up, another quarter you have attritional going down. It’s not always coming smooth. That’s the reason we don’t take one quarter – an indication of one quarter and we say that’s a long-term trend and everything is going to change and it’s going to be based on that.
Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Constantine Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Frost with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: You talked about you didn’t have exposure to euro zone issues, no peripherals. Is that mainly in the sovereign portfolio or is it also in the corporate portfolio? Maybe if you could just go over your exposure to euro zone credits in your investment portfolio.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, in contracts that we have, we don’t usually hedge positions. We have what we call a natural hedge. If I write contracts that I have to pay in euros and I get paid in euros in premium, we try to invest the reserves we have or the obligations that they’re going to come in that same currency. Most of that we do by buying German bonds, some corporate, and we buy some gelds in the UK for the British pound.
John Hele: British pound. Right. We don’t have Italian banks, Greek banks.
Constantine Iordanou: We have not – we’ve got no Spanish or Italian or Portuguese, that or anything of that sort. None on our book.
Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No exposure to Santander, for example. I saw it in – I think that was in your queue, but it was – must have been a special structured issue or something like that.
John Hele: Yeah. We had a covered bond from Santander...
Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
John Hele: ...which was backed by paying mortgages so...
Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. I mean I guess that’s the thing. Is there some sort of breakout of just sort of issuer exposure in, I guess, euro zone, especially peripherals, by however characterized? Is that something that you guys as provider can give some color on?
John Hele: Well, we just said, other than – in these areas we don’t have any.
Scott Frost – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Zero. Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital. Please proceed.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Hi, Dinos.
Constantine Iordanou: Hi, Ian. This time you’re not last.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: I’m not. I guess I was too fast punching in. I’m sorry. I can go back and hold if you like. A comment you made to Jay, I guess a minute or so ago, about attritional losses being up. And in fact, does that mean that actually by – that you actually had improvement in your action year, sort of ex the fact?
Constantine Iordanou: I said attritional losses in property – they were a bit up this quarter.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Was that in the insurance or the reinsurance?
Constantine Iordanou: It was in insurance.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. So that’s what I wanted because you reported I guess a flat ex in your Ex-cat, but if the attritional fact was worse this year than others, there was actually sort of an underlying...
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah. But also you got to look at change in mix too.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Yes.
Constantine Iordanou: The change in mix is – don’t forget, our casualty business is coming down. The highest loss ratio is associated with long tail casualty. So when you’re going to writing less of that, and then you’re writing more in small accounts and short tail, who has a lower loss ratio. So you can go from one to the other unless you had a static book. You got to look at it by component.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Understood, I just wanted to make sure that’s – doing something new...
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah...
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. Also, your comment at the beginning about the 9% accident year return across the book, how does that differ insurance versus reinsurance? I assume it’s higher in reinsurance.
Constantine Iordanou: Yes.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Can you give some magnitude? I mean, are we double-digits reinsurance?
Constantine Iordanou: No, I don’t want to embarrass my guys.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. Okay, fair enough. But I guess I am just wondering if insurance is pulling its weight...
Constantine Iordanou: Listen, insurance is not a business you can navigate as well as reinsurance. Reinsurance, you can be a bit more opportunistic and fluctuate volume in more significant ways than insurance. But I can tell you – and also the reinsurance business has the cat business, which is probably the best performing sector in the market, which the insurance business doesn’t have the benefit of it. So it’s a bit unfair to try to compare one with the other. One strategy is working, but I would say our reinsurance folks are in the double-digits and insurance folks are a bit less than the 9%. But we look at it as a combined company and those things will change depending on, you know, whether the market is.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Understood. And then just my last one is, I think, John, when you were commenting about RMS 11 and the different drivers, I guess what surprised me is some data I saw recently. You know, it seems most of the companies are talking about the storm surge and the inland wind being the main drivers. But I guess what I have seen was that the actual biggest driver was this change in the short-term environmental impact, which I guess surprised me because I didn’t think there was anything new in the science that would have made that worse since they introduced that five years ago. Is that consistent with what do you guys see when you look at it and if so, is that where your biggest concern is?
John Hele: Well, it’s not really a concern on the frequency. AIR had already published documents and papers on this and RMS is now agreeing with – it’s really the magnitude. I think people agree that the warmer sea surface temperatures, which is a cyclical fact – there’s very different reasons why people think it’s happening but it has happened and the data is quite clear that there is a higher frequency when the sea temperatures are warmer. There are other factors that can drive it as well, sort of El Nino effect and things like that. But it’s really the magnitude I think by which this frequency, where you come down versus the long-term trend and that’s been subject to some interesting discussions and debate on that piece. I think our teams are coming down that we think there will be a more frequent event of these storms while the sea temperatures are higher in the cyclical time. But you’ve got to go backtrack it against all of your data and really come to grips with this. And I think that’s what is going to be – all three of these are going to be interesting as companies across the industry analyze this and implement this.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Okay. Fair enough. I certainly agree that there should be some component for it. It just surprised me that they really hiked it up a lot and it doesn’t seem that anything’s really changed from what we learned in ‘06. And if anything, from what I understand some of the scientists they work with have now refuted what they put down in ‘06. It was just surprising that that was the main driver; it seems the most flimsy. But I mean there’s not the data to support it like there is on the wind speed or the storm surge. Is that fair? Or conjecture?
Constantine Iordanou: Ian, you will never get enough empirical data to feel 100% comfortable. That’s why you got to make judgments on these things. And I – you can get very smart people on both sides of the table and they can have very good arguments and they both – you know by definition they both cannot be right, but the arguments can be very logical. So that’s why it’s taking us some time to understand it and implement. Because it will have implications as to what happens to us as a company and what happens to the marketplace.
John Hele: And Ian, I would not say that one is dramatically that much more important than the other because it depends upon where you are and where your coverage is at. Where are your exposures because these can have different impacts depending upon where you are.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Advisors LLC: Got it. Makes sense. Thank you. That’s all I had.
John Hele: I would just like to clarify on the prior question about our exposures in peripheral European countries. We do have that $35 million – we still have the $35 million Santander covered bond in our portfolio. That’s our only exposure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith with Evercore Partner. Please proceed.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Hi, good afternoon. Question on the property cat business: since capital is rising around 10% to 30%, those are the requirements, and pricing is up maybe 8% to 10%, how do you look at the profitability of the business? Has the ROE actually improved and how does it impact your decision to write less or more business?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, there is two areas that you got to look at. One is your absolute tolerance. That is a zonal tolerance that says is 25% of equity capital. That might only be affecting one or two or three zones. This is a big world. The second part is where do you see price improvements, especially in areas that you did not have significant participation in the past and you have nothing to do about your capacity from a balance sheet point of view, to engage those areas but you just didn’t like the price? And there is a lot of room for us. Depending what happens with pricing, in a lot of zones, Japanese quake, South American quake, New Zealand, Australia, European wind, et cetera. In all those zones we’re still significantly under leverage, or underweight, from – the areas that we’re getting close to our risk tolerance is mostly in the United States, Northeast, Florida, maybe the Gulf Coast. So you got to look at it from that perspective too. So sometimes, individual pricing gave us more opportunity to write in parts of world that we were not a significant participant in the past, and we took advantage of it.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Sure. So had some of the increase in the property cat reinsurance this quarter been from Japanese covers and non-U.S. covers?
Constantine Iordanou: Yes. Some of it was from international covers. Some of it was from the U.S., but some it was from international covers, yes.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Okay. The second question is on more general pricing. Where do you think we are in the cycle right now, and – your retentions are rising. Just curious what is happening on the competitive landscape.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, no different what is in the prepared remarks. I think we have pretty much bottomed out. I don’t think there is significant pressure for further deterioration with the exception of a couple of lines. Having said that, in some lines, getting 1% or 2% increases doesn’t even keep up with trends. So you’re losing ground on that basis. Our retentions for us is because, not because we like the business war. You’re seeing a change in our retentions because in the shift on the book of business. The more we write in small accounts, which we keep 100% net, it will have an effect into the net to gross numbers. And as the – where we buy the most reinsurance is on the large accounts, the Fortune 1000 type of accounts, and as we write less of that, you see the changes in the retentions. So part of the retention is not a change in strategy to buy reinsurance in a different fashion, but is more as the outcome of the shift in the book of business that we write.
Vinay Misquith – Evercore Partners: Okay. That’s fair. Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Bobman with Capital Returns. Please proceed.
Ron Bobman – Capital Returns: Hi. The Evercore new star stole one of my questions. But I have a question about Japan. The severity of the quake I’m told was not part of sort the data set that the modelers had sort of previously put forth, and I guess sort of the knock on effect of it actually being an offshore quake, yielding a tsunami, and the nature of the losses. I was wondering any sort of lessons learned or just observations that sort of – your takeaway as a result of the Japanese quake and how losses are unfolding and the types of companies that are incurring losses at the insurance, and I guess reinsurance level? Thanks a lot.
Constantine Iordanou: There is lessons learned. I think everybody, including us, was surprised about the devastation a tsunami can have. And you’ve seen the pictures and you’ve seen the force, et cetera. And I think at some point in time, all of that we’re going to get recalculated into the models. It never really changed our view that we always view Japanese cat pricing to be inadequate. And for that reason, we – and we were patient for many years because in the years that you had no events, any price looks adequate, right. You take in premium and you have no losses, so it looks adequate. It’s only when the event happens. So I think we benefited of having way below our norm tolerance for risk in Japan because of pricing. So has the pricing come up to the level that it makes us want to go in with both feet? Not yet. We still have been very good corrections in the right direction. But also, I think, not everybody has digested the total loss that is going to emanate from that, because the business interruption and contingent business interruption issue, we still don’t believe is a big issue, but it still has not been settled. And we’re only going to find out in the next two to three years as it evolves. So I think you will see over time readjustments as to how those covers get priced. And if it gets to the point that we think it’s attractive, we have plenty of capacity to commit. But right now I think our appetite for Japan is limited.
Ron Bobman – Capital Returns: Thanks. Another sort of broader quake-related question. With the some degree of probability of aftershocks producing meaningful insurance losses after an initial quake, how do you – how does anyone really get comfortable? Or maybe, obviously, how does Arch get comfortable even entertaining participating on a program renewal that suffered a quake loss during its prior 12 month contract life?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I mean, it’s a complicated question. But you do anticipate aftershocks. It’s not proven to us that the aftershocks do significantly more damage to the existing damaged buildings. Usually there is a lot of damage that happens when the quake happens, and when a structure has significant damage an aftershock is not going to change your loss potential. A lot of these buildings, they get declared total losses. They have to be demolished and rebuilt. So the aftershock doesn’t have a major effect. Now our underwriters have empirical data and statistics, and we know less about quakes than we know about wind. Wind is a much better area, but in essence, you got to go with the long historical averages. People who say that I wrote this cover for half and I don’t want to write it for 2x because I’m afraid of an aftershock, it sounds illogical to us unless they have significant scientific evidence that an aftershock is going to happen and it’s going to be significant and it will damage new exposures.
Ron Bobman – Capital Returns: All right. Thanks a lot. Great job as you’ve always been doing.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our question-and-answer portion of today’s call. I would now like to turn it back over to Mr. Dinos Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine Iordanou: Well, thank you all for listening to us, and we’re looking forward to talking to you three months from today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer John C.R. Hele - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse Dean Evans - KBW Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Brian Meredith - UBS
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Third Quarter 2009 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name Kate and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and this conference call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP in definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains in the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dino Iordanou and Mr. John Hele. Please proceed.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you Kate and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. On an operating basis, we had a very good quarter from both an underwriting and investment perspective. Our reported underwriting results as reflected by the combined ratio of 90% was satisfactory in the current environment and we're aided by livecad activity and favorable reserve development. From an investment point of view we had an excellent quarter achieving a total return of 4.75% for the quarter. We continue to remain cautious in our investment strategy, maintaining a relatively sort duration and high credit quality for the portfolio. With respect to capital management, we invested approximately a 100 million in the repurchase of our shares during the third quarter. Consistent with our prior practice, we were cautious on the size of the share repurchase during the hurricane season. John will give you more details on our investment portfolio and financial performance in a few minutes. The most important measure for our performance is growth in book value per share and we were very pleased with this quarter's and the year-to-date results. Our annualized return on common equity was 16.4% and our book value per share grew by $8.72 to $69.48, a 14.4% increase from June 30, 2009 and a 35% increase from the end of 2008. Our cash flow from operations remained strong at 316 million for the quarter. Now, let me share some thoughts on our operating units. Our gross and net written premium for the quarter grew by 3.7% and 5% to 937 million and 727 million respectively. On a year-over-year basis, our Insurance Group was down approximately 1% on gross written premium and up 1.5% on net written premium. The slight difference in the net to gross relationship was due to the restructuring of certain of our reinsurance purchases as we purchased more excess of loss protection and less color share. Our Reinsurance Group's gross written for the quarter were up 16% while their net volume increased by 12%. The difference in gross and net is due to the additional purchases for portfolio management reasons. Most of the Reinsurance Group growth is coming from the property, property cad and property fac operations as more clients increased their alliance with us during the quarter. A small portion of the increase is attributed to premium adjustments from casual to business written in prior years as actual border rules came a bit higher that our original estimates. We continue to see the insurance opportunities for buyers, diversifying their insurance panels and graviting to more financially secure reinsures. With respect to the operating environment, the degree of rate improvement that we saw in the first and second quarter is moderated and the pricing environment is basically unchanged from the first two quarters of this year. We continue to see the best opportunities provided with risk adjusted returns in the property and property cap lines and we continue to be very cautious in our underwriting approach to the casualty business. As always, our strategy is to allocate our capital to opportunities that we believe will generate the best returns. As a result of the current operating environment, our 12 months trailing mix of business is 48% short tail lines and 52% medium and long tail lines. Of course the shift is more dramatic in our reinsurance business where 70% of what we currently do is property related and only 30% is casualty and professional liability related. In the Insurance Group we're still 70% medium and long tail lines of business and only 30% short tail. This is a result of our capital allocation process as we continue to allocate 80% of our available P&L to the Reinsurance Group, as we see the better opportunities in that sector of the business. With regard to loss activity, we have observed relatively benign activity over the last few calendar quarters. This favorable loss emergence appears to be driven by modest frequency as well as severity trends. Independent of these trends, we continue the price and reserve our business based on the long term loss trends we see which are higher than our most recent experience. Overall, we achieved a 3.4% rate increase during the quarter on our entire book of business ranging from single digit reductions to a low double digit increases depending on line of business. This overall rate increase is consistent with the current loss trends we have experienced but is lower than the long-term trend projections. Before I turn it over to John for more commentary in our financials, let me update you on the P&L aggregate. As of September 30, 2009 our one in 250 P&L from a single event expressed as a percentage of common equity was 20% below the June 30th level of 22% and our 25% of common equity self imposed risk management limitation. The reduction was directly attributable to the increase in shareholders' equity not a reduction in P&L or our willingness to entertain additional cap writings. With that, let me turn it over to the John for some more commentary on our financials. John?
John C.R. Hele: Thank you, Dinos. Let me give some more details regarding that was exceptional quarter for both sides of the balance sheet. The combined ratio of 90% this quarter with like activity of only 5 million in the re-insurance area compares to 105% a year ago when we have significant activity of 143 million. Favorable reserve result development improved the combined ratio by 7.7 points this quarter, compared to favorable 7.6 points a year ago. The loss ratio of 60.6% in the third quarter we reflected 7.6 points or 56 million, a favorable development in prior year reserves, compared to 9.3 points or 68 million recorded a year ago. Approximately 60% of the total favorable development came from short-tail lines. While approximately 70% of the total development was in the Reinsurance segment. The Insurance segment loss ratio of 58.4 reflects a favorable development of 3.8 points, two-thirds from property and other short-tail lines and the remainder from medium and long-tail lines. The Reinsurance segment loss ratio of 48.7%reflects favorable development of 13.4 points, approximately half from property and property cap and other short-tail lines and the other half from medium and longer-tail lines. The total acquisition expense ratio of 16.6 decreased by 1.5 points from the prior year. As there was less impact from profit commissions, from prior year's favorable reserve development in the third quarter of 2009 compared to 2008 as well the change in the overall mix of business. The total other operating expense ratio of 12.8% reflects an increase of 0.5 points from the prior year, mainly due to property, facultative operation in the Reinsurance segments. Last year there was a one-time catch-up deferral acquisition cost and this year the facultative operation which operates primarily on a direct basis as a larger percentage of earned premiums. And looking at the year-over-year expenses in the insurance operations which are basically flat, there were non-recurring expense accruals in the third quarter of 2008 of 5.7 million, while in the third quarter of 2009, their additional expenses related to the expansion of the executive assurance and professional liability lines of business of 3 million and as well as 1.8 million from the additional of personnel in Canada and other areas. On a per share basis, the net investment income was a $1.60 in the third quarter of 2009 compared to a $1.86 in 2008. The pre-tax net investment during the quarter of 3.76% reflects a book yield before expenses of 3.93% at September 30th, down from the 4.06% at June 30th and 4.74% one year ago. While the duration of portfolio remained approximately constant at 3.09 from the last quarter, lower available yields and high quality assets have continued to impact the portfolio. The total investment portfolio grew form 10.7 billion on June 30th to 11.5 billion at September 30th, driven by a general recovery in asset prices, a 20% return in our total bank loan fund portfolio of 458 million, new investments with a the TALF program and cash -- free cash flow from operations. During the quarter, we added to our 2009 issuance, non-agency RMBS portfolio that now totals 127 million with newly restructured deals called re-remix that offered very high credit protection. We also participated in the U.S. Government's TALF program purchasing securities worth 251 million during the quarter. TALF was developed to encourage investments in certain highly rated asset backed securities. Arch invested $31 million into AAA structures and also received non-recourse notes from the U.S. Government for $220 million. This structure gives an expected return on the portfolio in excess of 10%, after taking into account the interest and principal on the loan over the next five years. Due to the unique aspects of the program, we are breaking out the TALF investments and loans in the balance sheet this quarter and in the future. We're also separating out the non-recourse TALF loans from our capital structure as these loans for TALF investments only. Credit related impairments were $4.6 million, primarily due to some reductions in expected recovery rates on certain residential and mortgage backed securities. Arch's CMBS portfolio comprise mainly of all vintage CMBS's performed well in the quarter with a market-to-book value of 102% and we recorded no impairments. Our total accumulated other comprehensive income turned to a positive $222 million, the first time positive since March 2008. Our shareholders' equity increased to 4.46 billion at the end of the September. The common shareholders' equity was 4.14 billion representing 69.40 per share. We took the opportunity to buy back $1.5 million shares for $98 million at an average price per share of $64.04 in the quarter, under a share repurchase plan which added $0.14 to the book value in the quarter. Total shares repurchased to-date have added $0.37 to the operating EPS in the quarter, increasing the operating ROE by 2.8% to 16.4%. We will continue to consider share buybacks under our existing remaining authorization of $350 million. And we expect to discuss our longer term plans at our next board meeting. We currently estimate our current excess capital at approximately 700 to $800 million compared to what we target for the various rating agencies. Portfolio liquidity remains strong and we experienced solid positive cash flow from operations of 316 million in the third quarter. In the 2009 third quarter, our cash flows were negatively impacted by a $46 million payment due to the commutation of a non-standard auto treaty announced in the second quarter. That concludes my remarks and we're pleased to take questions.
Constantine Iordanou: We're ready for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Jay Gelb of Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Good morning. On the excess capital position, how much of that do you intend to deploy into buybacks and over what time frame?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, Jay this is a discussion we're going to have at our next board meeting. Right now, I only have 350 million authorization remaining from the existing authorization. As I said in my prepared remarks, usually we're not aggressive in share buybacks during the third quarter because even to the last few weeks, you still accept storms that might or might not happen. We'll probably be a little more aggressive in the fourth quarter but that's the discussion as John said that we're going to have with the board and as -- once we make decisions, we'll will probably announce them for everybody to know what that decision is.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: And when is the board meeting Dinos?
Constantine Iordanou: It's next week.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks. And then separately, can you talk about -- you mentioned the weighting -- weight increases across the portfolio. Given what's happen in terms of recovery of balance sheets and still some stock demand in the economy, what do you -- what your sense in the outlook and on the persistency of those price increases?
Constantine Iordanou: Well there is two school of thoughts when give you some -- I was more bullish in the first quarter and second quarter than I am today. In the third quarter because of the recovery of the asset side of the balance sheets for most of our competitors and the benign cap activity, it makes people to be more competitive in my view. On the other hand they are recognizing that when you strip out reserve releases, favorable development and you factor in normalized cash instead of livecad activity, the current action is they're not anything to home about, they still produce the returns but they are closer to the 10% range and that's not what we try to achieve, our long-term strategy is to achieve 15% ROEs over a long period of time. I having said that I believe, we're going to be in a competitive market place for probably another year or two until you see some pain in the balance sheets. We can not see as of yet for most companies in the next four to five quarters. So, but in a very low interest rate environment, people are getting cautious and that's why you're seeing the leveling of price reductions. So, I think we're going to be in the next year or two in a kind of a leveling of market in my view. I might be wrong, I don't know I mean only the future will tell us what happens. So, if you're asking my opinion, I think that's where I think the market is going.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: All right. Thanks again. It's a real constructive answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Heimermann of JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning everybody.
Constantine Iordanou: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Hi, just a question, I was hoping you could just speak to the actually your loss ratios in the quarter, I guess particularly in the Reinsurance segment but also Insurance. They both seem to be running a little bit hotter than they were in the first half of the year and I don't know if that was claimed specific in the quarter or there were other factors?
Constantine Iordanou: No, I don't think there is anything that is claim specific, it's our view. We're very systematic in the way we reserve the company, we make sure we understand, the rate increases or decreases that we would be achieving over the years and we try to be realistic with our accident year picks by factoring in what we've seen over the last two or three years, which --even though rate decreases have level off and in some cases, as you saw from my prepared remarks, we achieve a 3.4% rate increase on average on a blended basis. Not everything is equal in every line of business. Some lines of business, we're still giving up rates, some lines of business we're gaining rate. What we do maybe a little bit different than most other the companies, the most trends frequency and severity if you have a short window and you only look at it for the last few quarters, you can get optimistic. We don't use that as a guidance to how we price the business or how we reserve the business. We use longer term trend averages and maybe that's what's causing the -- to be a book a bit higher but that's our view what we believe the business is from an accident year point of view. And we book it at such and if we're wrong, at the end of the day, the money is going be there, nobody is going to rob the bank. They're up there, if we don't need it, we can always take it down in later quarters.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: That makes a lot of sense with respect to Insurance segment, I guess with the Reinsurance now being 70% property, I guess and I was just shocked that you would see running from like a 55 suddenly to 60, there was something wrong with my math...
Constantine Iordanou: No, you got to look at the mix. Some of it is excess of loss but we do write a lot of quarter share and when we write quarter share, you have to reflect the underlying pricing that is happening in the marketplace. So that's basically why that is happening.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. I won't beat that horse anymore. I guess the other question I had was with respect to the growth and executive in assurance and the national casualty business or the national business and casualty, can you opine a little bit on I guess what the pricing trends are specific to those two businesses and what you're picking up and how that might be different or how that might contrast with what's in the book already?
Constantine Iordanou: Let me start with national accounts. National accounts is a law sensitive business. These are large accounts that they self insure a significant portion of their risks. So in that sense you're more of excess provider and a service provider for those business, is it covers the agenda liability, order liability and worker's COG and usually the contracts you issue is statutory comp and usually million dollar limits for GL and auto and is done either on retrospectively rated plans or high deductible plans et cetera. So our advantage there is that there's been a slight to core, we saw some rotation of those accounts out of -- the major writers of that business has been AIG, (inaudible) Zurich, Ace, Excel, et cetera. So what happened in the last couple of years, it gave us the opportunity. Also a model, the model that we have which we jointly choose a third party administrator between us and our clients to handle the day-to-day claims from a service perspective in some cases is more attractive to clients. So we like that business, we do it carefully because there is credit issues associated with that business, you want to be always able to make sure that you're securing all the liabilities that you are having, even though you are not taking a lot of underwriting risk, you might be taking credit risk and we watch both. So I would attribute growth in the national accounts in the kind of people that we were able to attract and also the market turmoil with some of our competitors, so it gave us more opportunities in the market place now.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: I guess that was looking more towards what was happening specifically with price. In that way this is relative to the ...
Constantine Iordanou: The price for our national accounts business has been up in the quarter about 2.1%.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: But I was describing what the business is, we make our money not only just on the where we take underwriting risk which is the excess over and above their retentions but also we do make money on the service fee that we write. On the executive assurance area I think let me give you -- the rate increase for the quarter was positive, so it was a plus. Some of our growth is coming out of the UK and some of the growth is coming also from the new teams that we have. No need of major change in strategy other than we are writing more now in the private company segment and then on for profit segment as the new team that we have has more market relationships in that and we still like the pricing environment in the executive assurance but be more cautious. And in some products, we have reduced exposure especially in the financial situations segment where pricing is still positive but it dissolves with the rate increases we're getting in the first and second quarter.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. And then I -- and just -- hopefully quick numbers question, I was just hoping on the bank loan fund, am I correct to assume that there is no leverage left in our portfolio? In another words, EBIT carried at 79.8% when we think about recovery, it be the par not par time something?
Constantine Iordanou: No well the bank loan funds, still have leverage in them and leverage is about 1.7.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. So 1.7 times 25 is kind of the -- would be upside the par that are coming back.
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: The other question was just on the TALF participation, can you just give us a sense of what the yield is on the 250 million and what the interest cost is on the 220?
John Hele: Yeah, it's on about four and two I think.
Constantine Iordanou: It's slowing. It depends upon how it's earned overtime so and then when you level that up then you got in excess of 10 and it changes by bond in each -- it's different between the different portfolios but on average, we expect on this portfolio, slightly over 10.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. And that's 10 on the equity, on your equity?
Constantine Iordanou: Yeah, 10 on the equity but nominal yield is around -- it is a highly rated AAA tranches and they're not very long, two to three years.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. And then will that all be reported net through NII?
Constantine Iordanou: Yes.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. Perfect. Thanks.
Constantine Iordanou: No not realized through -- its not record fair value through the P&L both the assets and the liabilities. So also through the realized.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Got you. Got you. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning.
Constantine Iordanou: Hi, Vinay.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Sorry folks to ask same question again but on the reinsurance side it just seems that the accident year loss ratio picked up 5 points in the third quarter versus the first half of the year. And you mentioned the little bit of business exchange. Was this some prior period unfavorable development for the year and should...
Constantine Iordanou: No there was no prior year unfavorable developments. It's our call on the accident year. Don't forget, we monitor pricing when your write quarter shares we think that, that's the right accident year, that's how we're going to book it.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: So, should we expect a similar sort of run rate for the next quarter and for the rest of next year, would that be fair?
Constantine Iordanou: Well, I can't predict the future Vinay because at the end of the day one the thing about property lines, they're short tailed quarter-after-quarter and you factor additional information on performance and we think that attritional losses that have been booked higher and actual performance is better, we got to reflect it. So, I can't predict the future. I am just giving you the methodology that we use in setting out our accident years and some people think that may be little bit more conservative than others but I don't know, I think we are what we are, yeah.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: And on the property fac business there was a significant amount of growth this quarter. Was that from new business or is it higher line sizes from existing clients?
Constantine Iordanou: It's both. Line sizes haven't changed, but I think we are penetrating more clients. I think we are doing business today with about 140 different clients so as the team is becoming more known in the market place and our penetration with clients gets deeper, that's what's causing it. And it has been steady kind of growth from this team over the two years that they've been with us.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: And with respect to new business, one thing we've heard from competitors is that new business is written at maybe 5% lower pricing or sometimes even more lower pricing than renewal business. If you could -- understand your new business and your new business and how that compares to your renewal business.
Constantine Iordanou: You're correct in that assessment. We monitor that as we're one of the few companies that not only measures on renewal business but also we have a system, a benchmark system that allows us to compare our new business in relationship to renewal business. It's not as high as 5% but it's less than. If renewal piece of business gets a 100, our new piece of business depending on the product line probably going to be on high 90. So there is at least 3-4 points of price differentiation between new business to existing renewals.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: And why are these clients coming to your company versus staying with old carrier?
Constantine Iordanou: Well I mean for many different reasons, sometimes it's -- when you compete in the market place, sometimes it's services, sometimes it's capacity you're put on, sometimes it is relationship with the underwriters, some of our new underwriters that we hired, they had existing market relationships, so they see some of the accounts they had a relationship with in the past. So it's not one single reason that you are getting piece of business but yes don't fool yourself, when you get a new piece of business I mean you compete it in the market place and that's why as we monitor new business pricing, we find it to be a little more challenging than renewal pricing.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. And one last point on the executive assure, you mentioned some of that growth came from the new teams you employed. But the new team that you thought about contribute to some of the growth quarter within executive insurer?
Constantine Iordanou: Well don't forget we don't -- when we get personnel, I mean they did now once a whole segment of our professional liability and executive assurance. So one we get new people joining our team when -- we integrate that into our existing operation. So -- and basically underwriters have responsibility of accounts we had or new accounts that they coming in. So I don't try to maintain statistics about what it was new and what's it came from -- either a new employee or an old employee. The whole team is fully integrated already and is in operation nationwide under the executive management of Dave Makanois (ph).
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dean Evans of KBW. Please proceed.
Dean Evans - KBW: Yeah, thanks good morning guys. I was wondering if you could touch may be on the progress of some of the newer teams of underwriters that you've brought over and some of the new hires recently. How they're progressing?
Constantine Iordanou: We are very pleased with all our teams. I mean going back with the fact teams we've brought or executive assurance or the teams -- or the underwriters we hire either in the U.K. office or in Canada, we are very pleased. At the end of the day that's -- it's our trademark. We try to get talent when we have the opportunity to hire talent in the market place. I think we give them a strong balance sheet to operate from and a good underwriting environment that we don't put pressure on volume, we do put pressure on them on returns and a lot of good underwriters don't mind that environment, especially, when you link that with our compensation system that we -- our underwriters, they know that they're going to get compensated on ROE performance and we seem to be attracting those type of people.
Dean Evans - KBW: And I guess a quick numbers question as a follow up. John, could you give sort of mechanics behind the lower tax rate in the quarter and what drove that?
John Hele: Well we had -- some of -- when the reserves were released in the quarter, Bermuda drove less taxes through the quarter.
Dean Evans - KBW: Okay, so that's simple. There's nothing... (Multiple Speakers)
Constantine Iordanou: ... quarter most of the cap business is recent in Bermuda. There was a lot of investment income this quarter, most of guys coming out of Bermuda so that's an unusually low tax quarter.
John Hele: And to just clarify on the TALF investment income was booked just to be clear on this. The investments are booked should net investment income and the income statement and the expenses for the loan is in interest expense.
Dean Evans - KBW: Great thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Yes good morning. Related to the TALF, is that particularly facility -- does that have some pre-specified duration or maturity or can you come and go from that as you please.
Constantine Iordanou: We participate through various dealers. It's running now till sometime next year, is the current authorization. And we're going to still continue this but it's been fairly successful, we'd like to see some more but it's hard -- there is not that much supply of these things, we pick only the best quality pieces we can. And we operate through a couple of dealers. But we think it's an attractive opportunity for -- at very low risk to get some good returns.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then I know people have kicked the skin around already but in terms of the pricing, I understand your comments earlier Dinos particularly related to the casualty lines of business. But I would have thought that there would be signs of much greater price pressure on the property lines, particularly after coming through a year with very little activity really anywhere in the world and particularly in the United States. So you're saying that we're not seeing that in...
Constantine Iordanou: No, I can tell you what we're measuring, I think in our property lines, we achieve a 5% increase for that quarter and of course it's down from 7.2% over the second quarter. But it's still a positive increase and don't forget and that specific book of business, that book of business is more heavily ENS driven, of course we like some national property accounts too. And now I don't know what's going to happen with January 1 renewals in the cap market which is going to get negotiated in the next couple of months in November and December for the cap placements both income January 1 and then April and of course the exposures in June and July. But don't forget that market is being pretty disciplined, is being -- there are models, there is exposure, pricing that needs to be consider, I don't anticipate significant moving pricing. There might be a bit more competition but you can't go on one year with no CAD and based your pricing on that basis alone. We look at the long term operators, we look at what the long term expectancy is and we have to price our business on that basis.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou: And I think the rest of the market does the same.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Most of my other questions have been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman or Adage Capital. Please proceed.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Hi, Dinos.
Constantine Iordanou: Hi, Ian.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: My first question is on the excess capital, if I just do some quick math and assume you deployed that 7-800 million, your P&L would just from the denominator going down, so your P&L will go from 20% to right around your 25% limit. So, I guess I'm wondering is that 7-800 million really deployable excess capital or to be only maybe use half of that and half of it needs to sort of sit (ph) mark-to-market impact or...
Constantine Iordanou: (Multiple Speakers)... you're doing a static calculation, don't forget. I don't expect to be reporting quarter-after-quarter with no earnings. So I want to keep my job.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: But they're quarters where because of whatever credit markets do or because we have a CAD in a given quarter that it could go down for a quarter ...
Constantine Iordanou: The way we measure excess capital you got to understand. We look at the rating agency's requirement. We put a cushion on top of it. Because, we don't want to run thin on capital ever and then we measure excess above it. So and the reason you see as we get an authorization for share repurchases, you don't do it all in one day. If we know the time and you do it depending where your share price is at in the market place. And also what opportunities you have to deploy capital. I don't think the 7 or 800 is a number that is not available. I think all of it is available and it's a question and like I said we will have discussions with our board as to how and when and under what circumstances. But our long-term goal and we're being consistent for years is that we always want to be capital conservative for the balance sheet for our insurance but also capital strength to our shareholders. If we have excess, we'll find a way to get it back to shareholders.
John Hele: And so the think that buffer is and how much we have just remember that we have a relatively low debt structure to our capital position which is another area of our conservatives and that we run the company at.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay. That all makes sense. I guess I was wondering that if that is all deployable and is this the time to maybe start to reconsider dividend given the magnitude of the excess capital and that maybe the company's mature enough to be able to support even a small dividend?
Constantine Iordanou: Clearly we can support a small dividend but don't confuse one with the other. A small dividend is not going to give you capital management. If we pay $0.25 a quarter, that's a buck a year, we only have 60 million outstanding shares is not going to be a lot of money and in a capital intensive business, you don't want to get locked in on paying a high dividend, that's not the right way in my view to run the company. So when we talk about capital management, we're talking about something that is significant, we measure the excess, I think it belongs to shareholders. If I have a clear vision that I can deploy that into the market place at attractive rates I'm going to hold it on to the balance sheet and try to that because that's what shareholders pay us to do. But if I see the horizon as, no I can't deploy it, the best way is to return it and right now, where our share price is trading, buying back shares is the most effective way in my view.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Now that makes sense. I just want make sure nothing changes for ...
Constantine Iordanou: No, I have not seen earlier.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: And then I also want to top the question on the -- I guess on the Insurance segment. Can you maybe just help us understand, I appreciate that you are trying to be conservative and all that and that's the right thing to do but, what about your business mix suggests that you should be over 100%, I mean I guess, that's where I am a little confused, it's ...
Constantine Iordanou: We look at IBNR family -- by IBNR family and as you can see, we have a much higher excess and loss ratio in the Insurance Group because we have more casualty lines, is long-tail lines and at the end of the day, I don't think some of our competitors at fac doing in yet. New money invested at what rate and what kind of a kind of a return you're going to get on that business. So, I think the market is pricing that, a bit light in my view and for that reason that's where you're seeing the shift that we have reduced our writings. If you look -- and we gave you the supplement or in -- where we are growing and where we are shrinking and as you can see it's been consistent, both on the Reinsurance side and on the Insurance Group, we're shrinking and outcome, we're shrinking casualty. In the Insurance Group we're shrinking in causality which includes professional liability. So, we tried to do the best we can in navigating through these waters, but on the other hand, I'm not going to be on the accident years.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: That's right. I guess why I'm confused Dinos is when I look at your insurance book, casualty is about 10% and ...
Constantine Iordanou: But don't forget, that's not the only thing that is long-tail, right.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: But what are you calling long-tail, to me professional liability, executive assurance, construction, those are all mid-tails...
Constantine Iordanou: It just -- since you asked the question, I'll give you a flavor what it is. Our professional liability, most of what we do is small accounts and is all claims they make so, is medium-tail, right. We still consider exactly assurance even though it's all claims laid long-tail. And our construction business is a national account that pretty much similar product we right free line and we right large deductible plans and those basically have long-tail characteristics. The auto is not a predominant component. It is mostly worker's comp and general liability, that's the book of the premium we consider that long-tail. Our program business is medium-tail and of course our healthcare is long-tail. Even though it's written on a claims made basis and we do write a lot of facilities and we write some excess hospital liability, it is easily a long-tail line of business and in the other which includes our excess workers' comp, that's a very long-tail too. So, we don't try to -- we measure a long-tail business and we set up reserves on that basis.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Okay, fair enough and I understand what you are saying, and I probably need to do some more math and try to work it out all, I guess its just intuitively would seem you would need -- just given where interest rates are what that probably weighted average duration is that would seem you would -- you're talking and maybe a mid single digit ROE if we really end up having that insurance book over 100 at today's yields.
Constantine Iordanou: Some product lines that's what they're earning. That's why I believe at some point of time, you will see the kind of pain that I believe some managements will recognize because you're getting on your business is to what you're doing today. What you've done a year ago, five years ago, three years ago and you're letting off the hay that you have in barn is not the right way to think about the business. You got to think about the what your pricing the business today and what's the returns today. And that's the way we try to focus and that's what we do. And at the same time, we don't try force ourselves because some always might not like that we book a current accident year excluding adjustments to over 100. We're going to do what we believe is the right thing.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital: Very good. Thank you, Dinos.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS. Please proceed.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Yeah. Thanks good morning. Just two quick questions here. First back in the Reinsurance space when you increased loss pick this quarter, did that have any impact on the first and second quarter loss picks that you had booked at. So was there a little bit of catch up all.
Constantine Iordanou: No, that's all over.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So it is purely business written in the third quarter.
John Hele: Business burnt in third quarter.
Brian Meredith - UBS: And then second question Dinos can you chat a little bit about your view on the M&A environment and may be that is the use of excess capital here looking forward?
Constantine Iordanou: I mean I get this question, maybe I'm not a good M&A guy. It's really-really hard to find the right opportunity for M&A. The culture has to be right, the book of business or what you're trying to gain has to be right and more importantly you got to have a clear view of the balance sheet that you're merging into or you buying and the price got to be right and is very rarely you can get all four right. So, I'd prefer where you are going is by finding people in adding to our underwriting talent that culture -- a good fit us in our philosophy as to how we want to run the company and we've been successful doing that for the last seven, eight years and unless there is an extraordinary opportunity that very rarely come across, we're going to continue on that path. I rather return excess capital to shareholders try to force some transaction that I would live to regret.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Right. Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou: You're quite welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time, I would now like to the turn the call over to Mr. Iordanou for closing remarks.
Constantine Iordanou: Thank you operator and thank you everybody for joining us. We're looking forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this concludes the presentation. And you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dinos Lordanou – President and CEO John Vollaro – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan Josh Shanker – Citi Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2008 Arch Capital Group earnings conference call. My name is Demali and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the Company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessment and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect the future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the Company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the Company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the Company's earnings press release, and is available on the Company's website. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Dinos Lordanou and Mr. John Vollaro. Please proceed.
Dinos Lordanou: Thank you, Demali. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The fourth quarter was a challenging finish to a difficult year for financial services companies with economic conditions being the worst we have experienced in many decades. In view of this challenging environment, Arch, on an operating basis, had an acceptable quarter, in general, and a good year from an underwriting perspective. Our investment performance while acceptable on a relative basis was not as good on an absolute basis. Our annualized return on common equity was 10.9% for the quarter and 15.8% for the year. Both the quarter and year results were affected by cat losses caused by Hurricanes Gustav and Ike. A significant part of the losses emanated from our onshore and offshore energy book of business, a sector that we increased our exposures post Katrina, Rita and Wilma in 2005 as rates increased substantially. For the year, we achieved a combined ratio of 95%. Our book value per share was $51.36, down from $53.04 at September 2008 and $55.12 as of the end of 2007. The decline in the quarter and the year is attributed to unrealized investment portfolio losses, which we continue to believe are for the most part transient, and we expect to recover most of them over time. Having said that, we are not pleased when we have a decline in book value per share, which, along with return on equity, we use as our main report card. Putting things into perspective, however, over the past seven years, we have grown book value per share at a compounded annual rate of 16%. Over this period, our shareholders have benefited from their long term commitment to us and from our disciplined focus on underwriting and conservative investment approach. Our cash flow from operations at $166 million for the quarter and $1.13 billion for the year continues to be strong. Our investment view continues to be conservative both on credit and duration and our portfolio has been constructed as such. For all of 2008, our investable assets returned a negative 200 basis points in original currency and a negative 280 basis points factoring in FX movements. Our expanded supplement – and John Vollaro in his comments will provide more details on the portfolio’s construct. Our gross written premium for the quarter were flat at $825 million with reinsurance gaining $21 million in production or approximately 8.5% and insurance being down approximately $27 million or approximately 4.5%. On a net basis, reinsurance was up, 24% and insurance was down approximately 3% for a Group increase of approximately 6.5%. Our reinsurance operations wrote a major contract with an effective date of December 31 at the client’s request. Absent this transaction, the reinsurance group’s volume will have been down approximately 5% on gross written premium and up 7% on net written premium. Our property facultative business, which commenced operations almost two years ago has reached critical mass with a monthly premium run rate of approximately $5 million. More importantly they have reached their return on equity goals one year ahead of schedule. From a mix of business point of view, in our insurance operations, property, marine, and aviation were flat, and professional liability premiums were slightly down, with programs and executive assurance volumes increasing slightly. Our insurance group continues to reduce their writings in casualty, healthcare, and surety lines. Similarly, our reinsurance operations continue to decrease their casualty writings significantly. Today, our casualty business represents approximately 30% of our reinsurance volume versus approximately 40% in 2007. Conversely, our volume in property and property cat has grown to approximately 49% of our volume versus 38% a year ago. Our reinsurance volume in marine aviation was essentially unchanged. Now, let me share a few thoughts on the insurance market environment and our January 2009 business. Clearly, the underwriting environment is improving. This improvement is more evident in our reinsurance business where the flight to diversification [ph] and the finite capacity availability in the cat area has created a good trading environment. We see buyers who are more willing to introduce new names to their treaties and who are a bit less loyal to their longstanding reinsurers irrespective of the share these reinsurance offered them in the past. Buyers today are not as likely to maintain large participations with a single reinsurer as they have in the past. Over time, this change in buying behavior will benefit Arch, giving us opportunities to penetrate new clients and also to expand our geographical reach. On the insurance side, rate improvements were mixed. Short tail lines such as E&S and global property that have cat exposure are getting rate increases. The same hold true for both onshore and offshore energy. The D&O area is achieving double-digit rate increases overall with financial institutions being the strongest sector. Professional liability rates for small accounts are flat to slightly down, an improvement from the trend we’ve seen in prior quarters. Casualty, healthcare, and large accounts, professional liability, continue to be very competitive. While rate declines have moderated from double digits to mid- to upper-single digits, it is an improvement, but from our perspective additional corrective action is required to stabilize these lines. Looking ahead, we expect the underwriting environment to continue improving. Having said that, the current economic conditions will have a negative on our customers. Rate improvements will not necessarily translate into more premium revenue as the exposure base is negatively affected by reduced payroll, sales, TIVs [ph], et cetera. In addition, some customers are limiting their purchases due to affordability by retaining more risk themselves or buying less limits. For the U.S. property casualty industry, where premium revenue statistics exists going back to the beginning of last century, premiums for the industry were down 0.6% in ’07 and are projected to be 0.8% for ’08. This is the first time since 1932 and 1933 that the industry has experienced negative premium growth for two consecutive years. The last time premium growth was negative on a single year was 1943. As the market improves and with our capital position being excellent under various measures, we are very well positioned to benefit from opportunities in either the insurance or reinsurance markets. Before I turn it over to John for more commentary on our financials, let me update you on our PML aggregates. As of February 1st, ’09 our one in 250 PML aggregate from a single event expressed as a percentage of common equity was slightly below a 25% self imposed limitation. With that, let me turn it over to John.
John Vollaro: Thank you, Dinos. Good morning everyone. Our 2008 financial results were acceptable considering the insurance environment, the financial turbulence in the overall market, and the third worst catastrophe year in industry history. Despite these three – these challenges, we produced an operating ROE of 16% for the year. Although book value declined by about 3% during the fourth quarter due to mark-to-market adjustment, we believe that these adjustments will substantially recovered over the next few years. With that said, I will briefly walk you through the components of our financial results. Before I start, though, I’d like you to please note that for the reasons discussed in the release all earnings per share date for the fourth quarter of 2008 or on a pro forma basis. Dinos has already commented on some details on the premium volume, but as usual a few additional noteworthy items. Our segment mix remained relatively constant in 2008 with premiums written by the insurance segment representing about two-thirds of our gross volume and reinsurance the balance while property and other short tail lines represented approximately 47% of our net premium volume. With regard to premium growth rates, it should be noted that the reinsurance group wrote a large property oriented quota share which Dinos mentioned that (inaudible) at December 31, ’08, and that included the transfer of the related unearned premiums of approximately $33 million. The unusual renewal date resulted in our booking what would have been a January 1, 2000 renewal in 2008. This obviously will negatively impact premium growth rates in comparisons to the first quarter of 2008 in 2009. On a consolidated basis the ratio of net to gross written premiums in the fourth quarter of 2008 increased to roughly 75% from 70% in the 2007 quarter. That’s still primarily resulting from the non-renewal of the Flatiron treaty. On a reported basis, we ceded only $4 million of written premium to Flatiron in the fourth quarter of ’08 compared to $35 million in the prior year quarter. On an earned basis, premiums ceded under this treaty amounted to $21 million for the fourth quarter of ’08 in comparison with $76 million ceded during the 2007 quarter. The overriding estimated profit commission recorded on the treaty with Flatiron are reflected as a reduction of acquisition expenses of the reinsurance segment and this improved the expense ratio of that segment by 100 basis points in the 2008 quarter while the impact on their expense ratio in the comparable 2007 period was 410 basis points. The change in ceding commission was primarily due to a lower level of earned premium in 2008 and the effect of higher loss estimates of Hurricane Ike in the fourth quarter. The unearned premium remaining on business ceded to Flatiron was approximately $18 million at year-end 2008. Turning to our operating results, our consolidated combined ratio was 101.2% in the 2008 quarterly period, which was 17 points higher than the comparable ’07 quarter. 2008 underwriting results include 22 loss ratio points mainly from the re-estimation of claims from catastrophic events, primarily Hurricane Ike, while the effects of cat losses in the 2007 quarter were not significant. In addition, the loss ratio was also affected by an increase in large individual risk losses as well as from an increase in our 2008 loss pics [ph] for intermediate and long tail business. The sum of these impacts was partially offset by a higher level of favorable reserve development net of related adjustments, which totaled $116 million in the 2008 quarter and $32 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Approximately 43% of the net favorable development in 2008 quarter was from long tail lines with the balance coming from short and medium tail lines. The development primarily was from the 2002 to 2005 accident years. In general, reported and paid claim activity for business written in prior years across most lines of business continued and better-than-expected levels and IBNR and ACRs combined represented approximately 71% of total loss reserves at quarter-end. The consolidated expense ratio was 210 basis points higher on a quarter-over-quarter basis primarily due to an increase in the acquisition expense ratio. Most of this increase was due to the elimination of the Flatiron treaty discussed earlier. The operating expense ratio was essentially unchanged as the decrease in the reinsurance segment’s ratio was offset by an increase in the insurance groups. The increase in insurance segment’s operating expense ratio reflected charges of $2.8 million or 40 basis points on a consolidated expense ratio. Our cost incurred is part of an expense reduction initiative that will primarily benefit the expense ratio beginning in 2009. Turning to investment results, in the 2008 quarter pre-tax net investment income per share rose by approximately 5% on a quarter-over-quarter basis to $1.79. On a sequential basis, net investment per share decreased by 4% primarily due to the effects of lower risk-free rates available in the markets. The increase in investment income per share on a quarter-over-quarter basis was due to a higher level of average investable assets and the accretive effects of share repurchases earlier in the year. The growth in investable assets primarily resulted from the continuation of strong cash flow from operations during 2008. This quarter’s cash flow brings the total flow produced since the recapitalization of the Company to just under $10 billion. After reflecting cash flow and financial market turbulence, which I will comment on in detail in a moment, investable assets on a reported basis stood at approximately $10 billion at year-end. And the portfolio remains well positioned. Taking into account yields, realized and unrealized gains, and certain investments accounted for under the equity method, the total pre-tax return of the portfolio excluding the effects of FX movements was slightly negative at 76 basis points for the fourth quarter of 2008. As we have indicated in prior calls, we have excluded FX from this calculation because most of the investments in foreign securities are held as a hedge against our insurance obligations denominated in foreign currencies and for which there is a corresponding credit in earnings. The average credit quality of the portfolio remains high at AA+ and the reported duration was relatively short at approximately 3.6 years. I would like to caution everyone that given the current state of credit spreads in the market that the correlation of the interest rate sensitivity between treasuries and non-treasury securities has changed dramatically. And accordingly, the conventional duration calculation for non-treasury securities may not be appropriate for evaluating the interest rate sensitivity of our or any other portfolio for that matter. During the quarter, we did expand the portfolio’s duration using interest rate futures based on our view at that point in time of potential interest rate movements over the short term. The portfolio continues to be comprised primarily of high quality fixed income with essentially no investments in hedge or private equity funds and no direct exposure to public common or preferred equities. In addition, we continue to have no CLO, CDOs or credit default swaps in the portfolio. We have, as we have done over the last several quarters, included additional information on the asset-backed, mortgage-backed, and commercial mortgage backed portions of the portfolio as well of a schedule of the ten largest corporate names in our bond portfolio. We hope this data is useful and in encourage you to review it. In addition to that data included in the release, I would like to share with you some additional information that we have used to gauge downside risk on a part of the portfolio. For instance, in the non-agency commercial mortgage backed sector of our portfolio in stress testing the value of these securities over a three-year horizon, we would breakeven on an economic basis today even if cumulative default rates reached 50%, a very high level by almost any standard. In the bank loan area, cumulative default rates would have to rise to 60% over the next three years and recoveries would have to be reduced to 50% from a long-term average of 70% to 75% to bring the economic returns on the loans to zero. I would also like to take a few minutes if you will indulge me to share our thoughts with you on one of the ‘the topics of the day,’ other than temporary impairments or as it’s infamously now know OTTI. First, it is important to understand that we – when we at Arch take an OTTI provision that amount does not necessary reflect our view of the economic value of the security. For example, if a bond has a market value that is substantially below cost and meets the required – the criteria, therefore, for OTTI, and if we expect to recover most, but not all of the principal on the security in the future, we may have to record an OTTI charge, which is then reflected in the financials as a realized loss based on the market value of the security. It should be noted that in our case there is no impact on book value per share or capital as our portfolio is all mark-to-market and that is the accounting used by the rating agencies. So, to illustrate the point I made a second ago, hypothetically, if we have security with a cost of $100 and a market price of $50, and an expected realizable value of $90, we would record an OTTI provision or a realized loss as it would be reflected of $50, not $10. The point I am trying to make is that OTTI losses, which are recorded as realized losses are not necessarily realized losses. In my view, the accounting rules involved are not consistent with the economic reality in the current environment because the OTTI rules are based on an implicit, but flawed assumption that the market price of a security is always a reasonable proxy for its actual value or if you will that the markets are always efficient. I hope that this additional information regarding OTTI is useful to you and I think it’s certainly something people should bear in mind in particular in the current environment. Let me quickly turn now to our financial condition. Our balance sheet remains in excellent shape and our financial flexibility remains strong with total capital amounting to approximately $3.8 billion at December 31st, at year-end debt represented approximately 10% and hybrids represented less than 9% of our total capital. From a liquidity standpoint, the hybrids are all perpetual preferred while our revolving credits borrowings mature in August of 2011 and our long term bonds mature in 2034. We began 2008 with a significant level of excess capital and we continue to hold a very comfortable cushion over the capital required to maintain our current ratings. Our liquidity is also at a very healthy level as cash, short-term investments, and treasury and agency securities represent about 23% of our investable assets. The strong capital and liquidity position should allow us the necessary flexibility to take advantage of insurance market and/or investment opportunities that may arise provided, as always, that they meet our risk-reward requirements. With respect to capital management, we currently have $450 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. However, given the current financial market conditions and the potential for attractive opportunities in insurance and reinsurance markets, we are continuing to take a wait-and-see approach to further share repurchases. That concludes our prepared remarks and Demali we’ll take questions now.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of` Jay Gelb with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Thanks very much. Good morning. First, I just want to circle back on you commentary about potentially the impact of price increases being offset – with benefit of price increases being offset by the impact of the recession. What does that translate into in terms of your outlook for premium growth in 2009?
Dinos Lordanou: Well, Jay, you know we don’t give guidance and in essence we don’t even try in this Company to project the future. My commentary was basically there is always a confusion between rate increases and premium revenue and the two – they are two independent forces moving at their own pace depending on the environment. Let me give you a specific example. You might have an electrician that used to run 15 crews with 15 trucks and approximately 60 employees, four in each truck. And you might park five of them in the yard. That means you’ve got five vehicles off your exposure base and you got probably one-third of the payroll and probably one-third of your sales going down and in essence your exposure is down. You might be getting 10%-15% rate increase on that account per unit of exposure, but at the end of the day you’re going to end up with 20% less premium. So, that was my commentary and usually I like to look at history not that always history predicts the future, but history has a way to repeat itself. And it’s really amazing that it’s the first time that we are going to have two – on the U.S. P&C market, we are going to have two consecutive years with negative premium growth. And it didn’t happen until 32 and 33. I am not saying – I am not predicting that the environment is bad or the depression era, but I think you – we are having a difficult time understanding how much our customers are going to purchase. And for that reason we don’t try to predict the future. What we instruct our guys to make sure is that we stick to our underwriting guidelines. We price our products correctly. And we try to manage our operation that we have a balance between revenue and expenses, from that perspective. And then you play the game good, I think good things will happen. The score board is going to be right at the end.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Okay. And just a follow-up on that, directionally do you think Arch could show positive premium growth in 2009?
Dinos Lordanou: Yes. I think that’s – that is a possibility because there is – in that mixture you have to put the other variables that are surrounding us. There is companies that they have less capacity maybe their capital base has been impaired. Don’t forget, a significant amount of the excess capital has disappeared because of the revaluation of the asset size of the balance sheet. And there is a few companies that they have I will call distress situations that they are working from out. And in essence there is a – even though I don’t like to use the phrase “flight to quality,” there is some movement from customers from what they perceive to be better companies today than what they perceived the more strong companies were a year ago or two.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Good point. And then, John, on the OTTI commentary, will Arch be adopting FAS 159 in 2009 so that unrealized gains and losses show up in the same line as –
John Vollaro: No –
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: –as realized? Or are you saying that whatever the marks are whether or not they go through OTTI –
John Vollaro: They have – they go to –
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: It doesn’t impact book value?
John Vollaro: Correct. And the way the rating agencies view our Company and many others, not all of them, there is a difference. In our case, everything is mark-to-market. That comes out of capital and that’s how that’s viewed. So it’s all – when you do take an OTTI provision, in our case, it’s simply geography, just moving a number that instead of going straight to the balance sheet it’s running through the realized gain account before instead of the unrealized gain account.
Dinos Lordanou: Yes, they always view us on a GAAP basis where various companies they view on a statutory basis and you get a different answer on a statutory basis.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Understand. And the – for the OTTI, is Arch adopting FAS 159?
John Vollaro: No, we are not adopting FAS 159.
Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Hi good morning.
Dinos Lordanou: Good morning, Vinay.
John Vollaro: Good morning.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Could you add some color on why you chose to write the large or quota share reinsurance contract so early in the season rather than waiting a little bit longer for pricing to rise?
Dinos Lordanou: Well you know that’s a good question. As I said before in other calls, first of all, we try to service our longstanding customers and make sure that we have available capacity for them throughout the years. In this particular case, I think the transaction was very beneficial to us, not only gave us significant premium revenue, but also on a PML basis this transaction didn’t need much of the PML because there is a portion of the deal that gives you attritional losses. And also geographically, this particular situation because it’s a national contract, didn’t add a lot to our pic [ph] zone. So, it was a very attractive transaction. We had a relationship with this client predominantly on the cat area and on an excess of loss basis in the past and in essence this year we have less PML exposure on the same client than we had a year ago. So, from that perspective, we didn’t use as much as we used a year ago. But we are not going to abandon the clients waiting for June 1 or July 1. Our commitment to our clients is that we want to get an acceptable rate for a good return for our shareholders and be there for them throughout the year. So, that’s basically our approach to the business.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. So, just want to (inaudible) critically, this is not at significantly pure PML for this year and so did not probably restrict you from writing anymore business –
Dinos Lordanou: Vinay, that’s correct. As a matter of fact, for the same client, you reduce – our last year’s PML based on an excess of loss position we had on the client was higher than the PML we have today through this quota share.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough, fair enough. The second question was primary insurance. You just clear as to why the accident year loss ratio ex cats was about 102.6%, I am sorry, the accident year combined ratio of ex cats was about 102.6%?
Dinos Lordanou: Well, I mean, the – we have moved up the accident years because, let’s face it, rates have been coming down now for a few years. And also, you remember early in the year we had one-off losses especially in the not cat related losses – large losses in the property area. John, you want to add something to it or –?
John Vollaro: Yes, Vinay, how did you get the 102 because –
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Right now that’s within the primary insurance segment, so you have 108.6, you add back the 9.2 of favorable –
John Vollaro: Yes. Yes, okay, within the –
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: And then you minus
John Vollaro: –within the insurance segment’s. But I thought you were talking consolidated.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Yes. And then you minus the 14.1 for the large cat.
John Vollaro: Yes. The biggest impact there would be one the specific risk losses that we cited, those predominantly occurred in the insurance group. And secondly, as what Dinos said, we have clearly been moving up on the longer tail lines, we are writing less of them, but – in particular on the casualty area we have moved it up as rates have moved down and to a lesser extent the professional liability lines that we would consider long tail. Those have been moving up too. So, it’s a combination of the two. I think, probably if you took the specific large losses out, you’re probably looking at maybe four or five points on that ratio.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Fair enough. So, it should be high 90s versus –
John Vollaro: Correct.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s it alright. Thank you. And one last question, if I may. Curious about your investment in the bank loan funds as to why that investment went up this quarter?
Dinos Lordanou: Sure. We made those investments through external managers. And that’s why we have to account for them on an equity method. Second, some of these managers they had some leverage, one and a half to one, two to one in some cases. And us and some other participants chose to de-lever these investments because we have the liquidity, we can hold them. This is secure bank loans. The fact that we have marked them down and I believe we marked them down to $0.50 on a dollar, we are down 50%-52% from original valuation. That’s not what our belief is that these bank loans will return. So, we still feel very, very comfortable with investments. And by de-levering them now we can hold them to maturity and we are going to benefit from the returns these bank loans over time they are going to give us.
John Vollaro: Yes. Plus these additional investments generally we got even more protection than we have on the first set. So not only are they coming in where we think the valuations are really attractive, even more attractive than they were before, but we are also on a more protected position than we were on the original.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: So, did you get these at $0.52 on the dollar or was it a higher valuation?
Dinos Lordanou: Well, you’ve got to go – it’s not just one transaction. There are several transactions, so we did get a significant discount –
John Vollaro: Discount.
Dinos Lordanou: And also we got seniority to the original investors. Of course, we were an original investor too, but for these tranches, we got more seniority. So, all in all, we felt these were attractive investments for us.
Vinay Misquith – Credit Suisse: That’s right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Heimermann with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: Hi good morning everybody.
John Vollaro: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: Hi. A couple of quick ones I hope, just with respect to the PML, I just been curious how the PML if it’s slightly less than 25% now would change based on what we know about pricing today. If you went through the year and your portfolio didn’t change at all will that come down a couple of hundred basis points more than that or just – and am I thinking about that correctly?
Dinos Lordanou: I don’t really understand the question –
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: Well, here let me restate it then. I guess my thought process is with pricing going up rate per exposure is getting better. So presuming that – presuming, well I guess it depends on whether customers retain risk or not, but I just been curious based on what you’ve seen through one-one if customer behavior is the same combined with pricing whether or not your PML would stay flat if you just renewed your portfolio –
Dinos Lordanou: Well, let me – now I understand.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: Does that make more sense?
Dinos Lordanou: I understand where you are going. PML is an exposure based calculation. You run your data set how many buildings ain’t [ph] sure what location they have the – and the various scenarios of different storms you come up with a probability of what the loss is going to be. That has nothing to do by how much you charge. Of course, in this environment and I think our average increase in pricing for Southeast wind was approximately 15%. So, if we renew the portfolio exactly as we had it a year go, which is not always the case, because we move layers, we go higher, we go lower, et cetera, so it changes that. But in a hypothetical, we would have renewed exactly the same, we would have 15% more premium because the effective rate increase was 15%. Having said that, you see different changes. For example we just talk about a large contract that we took from 100% excess of loss buying cat capacity that company decided to both buy some cat maybe at a higher level and also buy a quota share for surplus relief and also cat protection. And that changes the economics of the deal. You still get attractive returns and you get much bigger premium and you don’t use as much PML.
John Vollaro: And I think – you are thinking of it sort of in essence of the aggregate loss.
Dinos Lordanou: Right.
John Vollaro: –over the PML on the business, whereas when we set that PML number that is set purely on a loss number.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: And all that was helpful. I – it was just a purely worded question. I was actually more simplistically, if you just assume the premium collected was the same rather through – if rates are up 10% to 15%, is it fair to say a 24% PML simplistically comes 22, is it that easy to think about that way?
Dinos Lordanou: Yes. If you retain the same amount of premium. But if your premium goes up, your PML will remain constant.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: Yes. I am sorry, poorly worded question.
Dinos Lordanou: No, no. You know it’s my greatness. Sometimes I don’t understand.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: It’s my German. So, the other question I – try to stick two more and if I could then, just when I compare where you are marking your RMBS and CMBS and non-agency, that is fair to assume that the vast majority of the difference between the mark-to-market relative to par is frankly a function of subordination?
John Vollaro: That’s the primary mover. You have other factors and you know we’ve outlined them in the release – they are all there and you’ve obviously studied them – the other things such as the weighted average loan to value, all the factors effective, but I yes, I would agree that the primary move – difference between the two would be the difference in credit support.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: Okay, that’s helpful. The only other question I had was, I just wanted to make sure on Ike that at this point there is no more attention left on any of the primary exposure?
John Vollaro: On the primary side? I mean on the primary side, we are very – we haven’t attached our cat cover yet, but we are very close to it.
Dinos Lordanou: Well, everything but the – (inaudible) the offshore – this is on the onshore – the offshore, we have attached a cat cover, but we have significant – we only penetrated the cover by I think 15%. So we got tremendous room. So, from the insurance perspective, it’s very little movement that might happen. Movement can happen on the reinsurance side, but I believe we set up our reserves extremely conservative. I think very conservative, especially on the offshore because there is a lot of uncertainty on the offshore. Even though the surface damage, how many platforms got damaged totally or partially early on didn’t give us a significant amount of loss, it’s the underground destruction of the wells and the big question as to are these wells are going to get re-drilled or there are going to be plugged and abandoned? And you get significant variability in the answer as to what reserves you are going to set.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: Okay. Now, that’s very helpful.
Dinos Lordanou: In the prior hurricanes, Katrina, for example, only a little over 10% of the wells got re-drilled, the rest of them they were plugged and abandoned. A lot of our reserves we set that a significant number north of 60%-70% will be re-drilled. The problem with that is we don’t know what’s going to happen. Clients have 18 months to make those determinations. Price of oil, if it stays where it is, probably you are going to have a lot of plug and abandonment versus re-drilling. If well goes to 70, 80, 90, or 100 bucks, you make a different determination. But we wanted to make sure we put this behind us and we calculated, in my view, in a conservative way, and we put up the reserves up and we feel very comfortable where we are.
Matthew Heimermann – JPMorgan: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Citi. Please proceed.
Josh Shanker – Citi: Good morning.
Dinos Lordanou: Hi Josh.
Josh Shanker – Citi: Hi there. So, let me play double basket a little bit. In addition to the declining economic conditions, some of your competitors and – I hear from lot of industry personnel about the rampant degree of unfair competition or at least priced out in coming from some wounded players in the marketplace. How widespread is this and how does that affect the idea that – of margin improvement? Or are we just waiting for these firms that are struggling to capitulate?
Dinos Lordanou: Well, there is some of that happening, people willing to knock out, but cut. This is fire sale, I wouldn’t say gouging, but more fire sale. They are willing to hold on to accounts. They’ve been longstanding accounts. They can't sell them on stability and vision and great client service, so they sell them on a deep discount. And it affects the business. We shy away from those situation when we get into that. And it only affects new business, Josh, because a lot of our existing customers they are not looking for their renewals to go to these facilities. So, our competition for our own business is going to go to other strong carriers. It’s their renewals that they might be moving as new business to others that (inaudible) happens and we shy away from it. Having said that, it has an effect in the market, and at some point in time they can't do it forever. Eventually the accident year numbers are going to start showing and they are going to get weaker and weaker. You can't sell below cost for a long period of time even in a business that has three, four-year duration – yes, you can do it for a year or two or even three and – but at the end of the day, it’s going to stop percolating through the numbers and as long as we are disciplining our underwriting we are willing to wait it out. And that’s what we are doing right now.
John Vollaro: One way to think about it, Josh, is if you take a long tail line and you cut the premium enough eventually. When your losses start to emerge, they start to – it’s starts to look like a short tail line.
Josh Shanker – Citi: Right. And in terms of the – how – in new bids, how willing are competitors seeming to go with some of the (inaudible) parties that you compete against?
Dinos Lordanou: It can get naughty. We had one – I will give you one example, there was pricing on an excess order [ph] that the market price from about six competitors was somewhere between 400,000 and 550,000, and that’s a reasonable range. And one company did it for 128,000. That’s naughty to me.
Josh Shanker – Citi: Sorry. Well, appreciate the example and good luck.
Dinos Lordanou: Yes, it’s one-off. I mean you can't translate that. These things happen occasionally, but it can get really naughty.
Josh Shanker – Citi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Adage Capital. Please proceed.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Hi guys. First, just a follow-up from Vinay’s question on the insurance accident year. I thought you – John, you also mentioned in your commentary some change in the pics and so in the longer tail lines. Can you just talk about that –?
John Vollaro: You know what we do on the longer tail lines, Ian, the way we are looking at it is we have a base year, which we are rolling forward all the time, and then we are looking at the effective rate change and when I mean that’s the rate change, not just the premium change, but the change – it takes into account terms – deductibles, limits, all that. And then of course we factor in loss trend, which we move around for different lines. It depends on where you are, what you are looking at. And since rates have been declining in certain areas – casualty, some of the professional lines over the last year or so, we have obviously been moving the pics for those up and as you move through the year, it’s going to have more impact on your earned premium in late year than it will early in the year as you right to do business.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Now that makes sense. I just wanted to make sure it was more the pricing impact as opposed to that – you know I think some other companies have talked about having to raise their accident year to put an extra cushion on professional liability –
John Vollaro: No –
Dinos Lordanou: So, Ian, as a matter of fact, I think, because of our starting years being back in ’03, some of them they are coming down. As a matter of fact we have readjusted and you might have even toned down what you otherwise do to an accident year. If you are losing 15%-20% rate and you have some trend, you can really move a 60 loss ratio by 10-12 points just on a 20% rate movement alone. And the fact that they are not moving that much is because if we thought it was 60, the original number maybe was close to 45-50. And you get into a different – but we have systematic way of looking at that by each class of business, sit down with our actuaries and we look at all the years and how they are evolving and we are always looking to factor in changes in pricing that we have experienced. This is actual pricing based on our book of business that we know and we measure on a quarterly basis.
John Vollaro: Yes, the flip side of it is obviously the lines that we’ve seen the largest rate erosion and we have shrunk the most so the book is shifting more of it’s towards short tail. So, some of that impact gets muted if you see you can't translate it directly. But that’s what drove it.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. And actually that response leads into my follow-up, which is for the year and insurance it looks like your ‘98-‘99 I know there were large losses and it is more than the 90s, but again that’s an ex-cat accident year and cats do happen. So, with a normal cat load, maybe that’s closer to 100. Should you be cutting back even more in the insurance lines until price hardens up and shift in mix for this year and more towards reinsurance and wait till the AIGs and so forth start acting more responsibly before you start growing the insurance again?
John Vollaro: Well, we are not – I mean you can't cap to nothing. You know you got markets, customer relationships, et cetera. We try to really get acceptable returns with everything that we do. But there is no absolute. You can't go from 4 billion to a billion and back to 5 billion automatically as such. So we try to manage within the realities of running an operation that you have employees, customer relationships, agents, broker relationships, et cetera, but not making the mistakes that we are going to be writing business that have no returns.
Dinos Lordanou: Yes, plus, Ian, if you looked at the lines, the areas where most of the craziness you are referring to is going on, we’ve cut the most.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Very fair, yes.
Dinos Lordanou: It’s a diversified book. Some things are going up. We are seeing rate increases in some lines now. So, in the areas where pricing has really continued to go down, we’ve really cut back a lot. Our Casualty book in insurance in 2004 was the biggest sector. I think we were, maybe, 20% plus and now it’s less than 10% of the mix in the insurance group. That’s the casualty. So, we have really, really changed the mix. It didn’t happen yesterday. It happened over a period of time. But if you go back and see some of our numbers in ’04, you will see a totally different mix than what we have today.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Very fair. And then if I can ask on the bank loans, again just to clarify, when I am looking in the supplement, at the end of ’07 you had $235 million and for the year you had something around $175 million of marks on that.
John Vollaro: Correct.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: So, that would take it down to $60 million and end of the year $300 million. That means you added about $250 million to that in new funds you got right?
John Vollaro: Well, yes, if you go back, we started to really – we added early in the first quarter and into the second quarter we added a fair amount. And then of course we added some more in the third. It’s about $90 million Vinay was referring, its was in the third quarter.
Dinos Lordanou: In the third quarter.
John Vollaro: The balance was early – most of it earlier in the year.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. And can you tell us more about what’s – what these loans look like? Are they (inaudible) by industry mix or collateral or things like that? Some kind of better essence of –
John Vollaro: Well, first of all, they are pretty well diversified across industries (inaudible) they are sort of tilted toward – right now towards the defensive areas given the recessionary environment like healthcare, things like that. These are senior loans. All secured. They are floating rate. If you look historically as I said when we stress test them you have to get – to lose money particularly from here you’ve to get a combination of a very, very high default rate and a very low recovery rate to cause these things to have economic losses from where we sit right now. The spreads they are getting won't float. And remember these are amortizing loans for the most part. I can't say that 100%. So, they are paying, in many cases and coming down. Some of – a little bit – it is about 30% or 40% of these loans are in Europe. So, you’ve got some FX in that $175 million number too. So I want you to keep that in mind a little bit. It’s not all just purely write-downs. So, when you look beyond the surface and then start looking at what’s there and you look at it from an economic standpoint as opposed to – yes, we are very cognizant of the importance of the mark-to-market, but at the end of the day, its’ economics that drive us and we still think from an economics standpoint it makes sense to be there.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Now, that makes sense. Yes, I just want to understand better just so we can get comfortable with it. Are the loans mainly to private companies, public companies?
John Vollaro: It’s a combination. It’s probably more private than public.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Okay. Are those companies rated? I am just trying to get a sense of what the rating on the loan facility –?
John Vollaro: Some would be rated, some wouldn’t, I don’t have that data available. We’ll think about in the next supplement and/or the press release maybe we’ll get additional data for everyone.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: You can kind of sorry in getting, if they were all say LBO loans, just because they are senior loans, are they all LBOs?
John Vollaro: Yes, they are all – that’s one characteristic –
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Then (inaudible) it’s a lot different than if were a AA company.
John Vollaro: Absolutely.
Dinos Lordanou: Absolutely.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: So, that’s really what I was just hoping to get a little clarification [ph]. Again, next quarter maybe that will help.
John Vollaro: I think that’s fair. We’ll think about – we know what kind of data to be useful.
Ian Gutterman – Adage Capital: Very good. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital. Please proceed.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital: Yes, most of my questions have been asked, but I had one quick numbers question, you had mentioned what the operating cash flow was for the quarter and the year, could you have that again –?
John Vollaro: Yes, it was $166 million for the quarter and $1.139 billion for the year.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital: Okay. Thank you. And then the last question that I had was considering that you put up a pretty decent combined ratio in reinsurance and a lot of your peers did as well despite fairly heavy load of catastrophes both in the U.S. and globally, how sustainable do you think further rate increases are absent some further increase in demand?
Dinos Lordanou: Well, it’s a complicated question. You got to understand a lot of the cat business is capacity availability and the supply and demand. What you don’t want to see in the marketplace is most of the (inaudible) that provided capacity they are not there. A significant capacity from what we will call the fully funded unrated vehicles is not there. There is still some operating and they have capacity. And there hasn’t been a significant amount of issuance of cat bonds. So, in essence, it’s not just the asset side of the balance sheet that reduce available capacity, but also of all these peripheral or alternative facilities they are not in operation. So, for that reason, I think the available capacity got reduced. The demand has not changed. That allows prices to go up. And of course when you have a cat event, like it was the third worst cat year in history, always has an effect on the market. It was not a disastrous year from that perspective. But most that they participate in that business, their cat book paid above average cat losses for the year as it happened with us. For us, our swing was only approximately $100 million. So, in a good year, we’ll make $100 million better, so we will be $200 million from where we are today. And on a year like this, we will be a $100 million worse based on the PMLs and the aggregates that we take. But you take that lumpiness because the return over time is attractive. So, it was not a disastrous year for us. It was above normal cat activity. We paid for it and we move on to the next year.
Mark Dwelle – RBC Capital: Okay. Thank you. That’s a helpful response.
Dinos Lordanou: Okay, operator, I think, our allotted time is over. We passed the one hour, so if there is no more questions, we will like to thank our listeners and look to talk to them three months from today.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Iordanou - President and CEO John D. Vollaro - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs Brian Meredith - UBS Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the third quarter 2008 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sandy and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company get started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessment and assumptions and are subject in a number of risk and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management will also make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP in definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Dino Iordanou and Mr. John Vollaro. Please proceed.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Sandy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'm sure you will all agree that the past few months have been challenging for all sectors of our economy, but more so in the financial services area. Entire fortunes have been lost and companies are only a few months ago were considered pillars of financial strength have either failed or forced to merge to avoid failure or require billions of dollars of government funds in order to remain in business. The magnitude of the deleveraging of the global financial system and the speed in which is happening, is breathtaking. Given the difficult market conditions and the numerous pitfalls challenging the financial service industry in the past few months, we're pleased with third quarter performance. Our annualized return on common equity was 7.6% for the quarter and 17.4% for the first nine months of 2008. Both the quarter and the year-to-date results were affected by the cat losses caused by Hurricanes, Gustav and Ike. Book value per share was at $53.04, down from $55.12 as of the year end 2007, mainly due to mark-to-market adjustments on our investment portfolio. Over time, we believe that we will recover this temporary loss of book value per share. Our net premium volume was essentially flat for the quarter, with insurance up slightly and reinsurance down slightly. Our cash flow from operations at $382 million in the quarter and $973 million on a year-to-date basis continues to be very strong. It not only provides us with a source of future earnings growth, it also reflects positively on the quality of our underwriting and reserves trend. I might be stating the obvious, but in times like this, I would like to reemphasize what we are all about. We are first and foremost a specialty underwriting company with a deep bench of experience specialty underwriters and a broad distribution capability throughout the world. Our investment and capital management functions are there to support our underwriting operations by providing a strong and stable balance sheet with enough flexibility to allow us to take advantage of underwriting opportunities when they are available. I would like to emphasize that this has always been our approach, not a recent reaction to the current environment. I believe we are on an inflection point in the cycle not dissimilar for those of us who are grey and old to the mid 70s when the stock market collapse created a hard market. The new realities in the financial markets need to be factored into our approach to the business going forward. Capital is even more precious today and significantly more costly and the economic environment that we operate in is riskier today than yesterday. Our reselection, pricing and risk management practices much reflect these fundamental changes. In both our underwriting and investment activities, we have always believed in taking a measured amount of risk and that approach has served us well in these difficult times. This quarter, we reported approximately $100 million in realized losses, most of which results from mark-to-market adjustments that reflects the current market pricing dislocation, and not our belief of the ultimate outcome. Having said that, to do our conservative approach our balance sheet continues to be one of the strongest and most flexible in the PNC specialty business. We're strongly capitalized, we've ample of liquidity and are ready to respond to any opportunity. Now, a few thoughts on the current market conditions. The combination of the state of the financial markets, which has reduced the amount and availability of capital in the industry, and the acute financial difficulties that some major competitors find themselves in as a result of this, has began to affect market conditions positively. It is too soon to predict the level of correction or the velocity of correction, but we're encouraged by the early signs. For example, in some lines of business, rate declines have become rate increases. Submission activity has increased significantly for us and we are sensing a flight to call by both customers and brokers. In addition, teams of experience and talented underwriters are becoming available as they see career opportunities with strong and stable careers. Further, changes in the valuation of many companies will also create buying opportunities. Our views on expanding our business have not changed. We continue to prefer in order of importance, one, growing our business organizationally through our existing staff. Two, adding underwriting capabilities to them through the acquisition of teams and book of business, and three; when it fits our previously discussed criteria through acquisition. Given the appropriate opportunity, we will utilize all of the above to expand our business. Yesterday, we announced that my good friend and partner and current CFO, John Vollaro will have a new role with the company starting April 1, 2009. His contributions to me as a partner and to Arch and its shareholders were invaluable. But I'm pleased also... I am also very pleased that under his new assignment as Senior Advisor to Arch, we will continue to benefit from this wisdom, experience, knowledge and advise for at least the next three years and beyond, and I wanted to be a long beyond the three years. I'm also very pleased John Hele has accepted our offer to join our organization on April 1st 2009 as our next CFO. John as CFO of ING is leaving a great position with one of the largest financial institutions in the world. His and his finest desire to relocate back to North America as well as the quality of Arch as an organization allowed us to attract such a high caliber individual. I'm looking forward to working closely with John for many years to come. Before I turn it over to John and you are getting confused by how many Johns we have, for a more detail commentary on our financials, let me update you on the PML aggregates. As of October 1st our one in 250 PML for a single event expressed as a percentage of common equity was approximately 25% of equity with Tri-County, Florida and Northeast windstorm continuing to be the largest exposed zones. The increase from our last report which was at 23%, was entirely due to the reduction of common equity this quarter. John?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dino and good morning everyone. Before I briefly walk through the key components of our financial results, I would like to add Dino's comment on yesterday's release. First of all, I would like to express my gratitude to Dinos and the Board for giving me or being at an advance stage the opportunity to continue to contribute to Arch's future success, something I am highly confident of. For those of you with whom I worked over the past seven years, I've enjoyed the experience immensely and I hope that we can continue our relationship in my new role. I'm also pleased that we're able to bring a highly qualified individual, John Hele into the company and I look forward to working with him to ensure a smooth transition to the CFO role. Now, let's get back to the business at hand. Dino has commented a little bit on premium volume, but as usual, there are a few additional noteworthy items. On a trailing 12-month basis, premiums written by the insurance segment represented about 69% of our gross volume, and 60% of our net volume, while property and other short tail lines continue to represent about 44% of our net premium volume. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net to gross written premiums in 2008 increased to approximately 77% from 70% in the 2007 quarter, primarily as a result of the non-renewal of the Flatiron treaty. On the reported basis, we see today de minimis amount of written premium to Flatiron in the third quarter of 2008 compared $51 million in the prior year quarter. On an earned basis, premium ceded under this treaty amounted to $26 million for the third quarter of '08 in comparison with $68 million ceded during the 2007 third quarter. The overwrite in estimated profit commission recorded on the treaty with Flatiron are reflected as a reduction of the acquisition expenses of the reinsurance segment, which improved the expense ratio of that segment by 110 basis points in the 2008 quarter while the effect on their expense ratio in the comparable 2007 period was 260 basis points. The change in ceding commission was primarily due to the lower level of earned premium in 2008 and the effects of claims from Hurricanes, Gustav and Ike on profit commissions. The unearned premium of business ceded to flatiron was approximately $35 million at September 30, 2008, most of the ceded yet to be earned at a related fees including profit sharing if there is any, will be reflected in earnings primarily in the fourth quarter of this year. Turning to our operating results, our consolidated combined ratio was 105.3 in the 2008 quarterly period, which was 20 points higher than the comparable 2007 quarter. 2008 underwriting results include 19 points of estimated claims of catastrophic events, primarily Hurricanes, Gustav and Ike. The 2008 cat losses were 17 points higher than in the comparable 2007 period. In addition, the loss ratio was affected by an increase in several large individual risk losses primarily in shore tail lines as well as to an increase to our loss from intermediate and long tail term business. This was partially offset by an increasing demand of favorable reserve development, net of related adjustment which totals $55 million in the 2008 quarter and $50 million in the third quarter of 2007. Approximately 57% of the net favorable development in the 2008 quarter was from short and medium tail lines. In general, reported and paid claim activity across most lines of business continued at better than expected levels and IBNR and ACR remained at approximately 73% of total loss reserves at quarter end. The consolidated expense ratio was 30 basis points higher on a quarter-over-quarter basis, due to a slight increase in the acquisition expense ratio. The operating expense ratio on a consolidated basis was unchanged as a decrease in the reinsurance segment's ratio was offset by an increase in the insurance groups. The increase in the insurance segment's operating expense ratio primarily resulted from charges of approximately $5.7 million or 80 basis points on the expense ratio for costs incurred in connection with actions that have been undertaken as part of an expense reduction initiative. Turning to investment results, in the 2008 quarter pre-tax investment income per share rose by approximately 14% on a quarter-over-quarter basis to $1.86. On a sequential basis, net investment income per share increased by 5%. The increase in net investment income per share on a quarter-over-quarter basis was primarily due to a higher level of average investable assets. This growth resulted from the continuation of the strong cash flow from operations. This quarter's cash flow brings total float produced since the recapitalization of the company to approximately $9.6 billion. After reflecting share repurchases and financial market turbulence, which I will comment in detail in a moment, investable assets on a reported basis declined slightly to approximately $10.1 billion at September 30 and the portfolio remains very well positioned. Taking into account yields, realized and unrealized losses in certain investments that we account for under the equity method, the total pre-tax return on the portfolio excluding the effect of foreign exchange movements was a negative 2% for the third quarter of 2008. We've excluded the foreign exchange adjustment in this calculation because most of the investments in foreign securities are held as a hedge against our insurance obligations denominated in foreign currencies, and for which there is a corresponding credit in earnings. The average credit quality of the portfolio remained high at AA plus and the reported duration remained relatively short at approximately 3.4 years. The portfolio continues to be comprised primarily of high quality fixed income securities with essentially no investments in hedge or private equity funds, and no direct exposure to public equity securities. In addition, we have no CLOs, no CDOs or credit default swaps in the portfolio. We have is, we have done over the past several quarters included additional information on the ABS, MBS and CMBS portions of the portfolio. In addition, we have added a schedule of our 10 largest corporate names in our bond portfolio. We hope that this data is useful to you, and I encourage you to review it. We have also provided in the release a rough estimated total return of the portfolio through October 22. Please note that this estimate was derived without the benefit of our quarterly controlled procedures and therefore maybe subject to significant variability. As I'm sure you know, credit spreads have continued to widen this month and this was the primary driver of the month to date return. Our balance sheet remains in excellent shape, and our financial flexibility remains strong with total capital amounting to approximately $4 billion at quarter end and with debt in the hybrids representing less than 20% of total capital. The hybrids are all perpetual preferreds, while our revolving credit borrowings mature in August of 2011 and our long-term bonds mature in 2034. We began the year with a significant level of excess capital and at September 30th, we continue to hold a comfortable cushion over the capital required to maintain our current ratings. Our liquidity is also at a very healthy level. As cash, short term investment and treasury and agencies securities represents about 22% of investable assets. In addition, we currently project that the fixed maturity portfolio will generate cash from income maturities and collections of approximately $400 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 and $1.5 billion in 2009. Our strong capital and liquidity positions should allow us the necessary flexibility to take advantage of insurance market and investment opportunities that may arise as a result of the chaos that continues to affect financial markets. With respect to capital management, during the early part of the third quarter of 2008, we repurchased approximately 1.9 million common shares for a consideration of $124 million, which represents an average price per share of roughly $66.14. For the quarter, share repurchase net of accretion reduces book value per share by approximately $0.40. Since the inception of the repurchase program in the first quarter of 2007, total share repurchases have represented approximately 85% of our net income during that period. We currently have approximately $450 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. However, given current financial market conditions and the potential for attractive opportunities in the insurance market, we are currently taking a wait and see approach to further share repurchases. In summary, for the first nine months of the year, our operating return on equity was 17.4%. Our book value per share as a result of the extreme financial market conditions declined 4%, including the effects of share repurchases and 1% excluding them. And with that, we'll open it up to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. [Operators Instructions] And your operation comes from the line of Joshua Shanker of Citigroup. Please proceed.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Good morning, everyone.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Joshua. Good morning.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: In terms of the first question I have is, look, we're getting a lot of very positive commentary on the insurance space. In terms of allocation for 2009, when would you have to decide how much capital you want to allocate towards insurance versus reinsurance and sort of set your business mix up for the upcoming opportunities?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean the opportunities, there on both sides. We see opportunities on the insurance side, but also we see significant opportunities in the reinsurance side. In a time that capital is precious, reinsurance is a form of capital for some of our customers and we're going to take advantage of both opportunities. The flexibility you get with Arch is that even though we're a significant company when it comes to management, we are a closed group that we can make adjustments literally on a week or monthly basis. So we're going to react to the opportunities and what the returns are going to be based on what we believe the better opportunities and that's where we're going to put our capital.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Josh, one of the things, again to go back to that Dinos mentioned earlier. We haven't changed our view of world since day one and on day one, we believe this was cyclical business, and so we structured the company in a manner that we can actually... the capital can be allocated. It's very, very easily. There's no need to move capital among units in order to support the writings.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay. And then the question I would have at that point is looking back at the peak of the last hard market I guess, let's call second half of '04? The company's premium surplus levels around 1.5 times. Not to say that we're predicting a revolution in the world of insurance and reinsurance here. But do you think that where you are right now, at below 0.721 you get above one within a year, I mean if opportunities present themselves, can you deploy that capital that quickly?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if the opportunities are there, yes, absolutely. At the end of the day, it has to do with what's available, how can you get it and at what prices are you going to get that business. But we have a lot of room on the balance sheet for us to take advantage of that.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay. And then finally, I was pleasantly surprised with the results from the equity ownership and the bank loan portfolio. I must admit, I was little worried about it going in. How is that performing and it's surprising that it's better than I thought? Could you talk about a little bit more about that?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I thing you remember about that... and that's not say that it's not going to subject to the volatility we're seeing in the marketplace. But there is two components of it. One is income and then one is movement. And these are floating rate loans, floating over LIBOR. So you have some dramatic moves within LIBOR which has moved the income as well as the other side of equation. And that's not to say, Josh, that in the fourth quarter we can't get some volatility on that book of business. So, the spread duration is shorter, which helps, number one. But having said that, there could be some more volatility there, we still sort of like the underlying assets either secured assets, so whatever you're... our view in general is, which we have some direct corporate exposure, which most corporates are unsecured as opposed other forms of loans which have hard assets specifically backing them. We sort of like that equation.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay, very good. Well, John, privileged on the new move, I hope as a senior advisor, we will be seeing plenty of you in the future.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Susan Spivak of Wachovia. Please proceed.
Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia: Good morning. I echo the comments, I'm glad to still be working with you. I was just hoping Dinos and John, you could give us just a little more color on what's going on with the whole impact of the follow up from AIG and some of your specific markets? Are you getting significant increases in submissions? Is it more that you are hiring the teams of people or just give us an update of what's going on?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't this call to be about AIG, I want it to be about Arch.
Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia: Of course but --.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's all of the above. Let me start with the business first. We've seen increased inquiries and submissions in our reinsurance business as people were looking for more capacity especially for January 1. That's why in my prepare remarks, I was more cautious because there's a lot of time between now and January 1. So, we don't know where that goes, but is encouraging. And also we got significantly more submissions in our insurance operations. Yes, we are in discussions with underwriters and teams and they're not specific from AIG. I don't want to make this, let's attack AIG. That's not what is all about. But people in general, they're looking for opportunities and if you are a strong company we are or you have perceived to be a strong company and we are that too, people send their resumes to us and of course, we always look to add to our capability. The other thing that works in our favor is that, we're distributed and we have quite a few offices in strategic locations, where some of the major competitors that they're having difficulty there. And it makes it easier from the perspective that some employees might come and work for us. And the only thing they have to do is get out of the same subway station and/or same bus. And instead of going in one building, they are going across the street. So that makes it easy without relocation et cetera, et cetera. So, I think we're well positioned. We're not going to do it in a wholesale matter. We've got or estimate as to what the market opportunities are. But anytime, I can get my hands on talent, we will always do that because talent in the end is going to make you a winning company.
Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia: All right. That's great. Dinos, thank you so much for the answers.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning and John congratulations on your move.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You can't get rid of me, Vinay. You can't get rid of me.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: No, we're happy that you are with the firm. Dinos, a question to you on the opportunities on the primary insurance versus reinsurance. So, first of all, some one speculated that this is more of a reinsurance hard market than a primary insurance hard market. So, if you could comment on that, number one. Number two is, that the AA rated reinsurers are saying that this is a flight to quality therefore business should come to us. You are A rated reinsurer though, I mean... my assumption is that you are better than that. But just in terms of the business you're getting versus the AA reinsurer. Do you think it's more of a primary insurance play for you than a reinsurance play?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as I said, is both on the insurance side is not across the board, is not yet on small accounts et cetera but is on larger accounts and specialty accounts that you don't have a lot of participants, especially with some companies that they're in difficulty that they were dominant. So that's what we see and we're starting to see that on the insurance. On reinsurance, we are pleasantly surprise, is more of a capital issue for some of the cedents and they're anticipating that maybe they want to have all the capital that they will need... the capital markets are close to everybody. So in essence, their only avenue to capital is through reinsurance and we see that. Now, the other part of your question was on ratings. And I don't want to really try to diminish what the rating agencies do. I always try to keep great relationships with them. But the market is responding in an unusual way in my view on ratings. There are companies that they have higher ratings than us that their paper might not be acceptable to some companies or companies wouldn't write excess of them et cetera. Where our paper even though is A across the board from A.M. Best, S&P and Moody's is readily acceptable to us. As a matter of fact, our reinsurance brokers you know do not hesitate to send us additional submissions because what perceive to be a very strong carrier from a financial prospective. And hopefully, over time the rating agencies will recognize that. But like I said, they have their hands full with a lot of other issues to be focusing on Arch.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And, again not to go overboard on the rating agencies, but I think recent events toward a lot of people that just looking at ratings is not really the way to go. We buy as well as sell reinsurance, and I know on our committee, we just don't look at ratings. Ratings went back there, but we're going to look at a whole lot of other factors and essentially come up with our own rating in terms of who you will use when we buy reinsurance? So I'll tell you, we haven't seen it. We're seeing people come to us. We're perceived as one of the stronger, more stable companies, so I think that is more important to have that perception than to have a rating in this environment.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. And John for you on the large loss activity. If you could just gives us a number on that and the primary insurance side and because the accident to your loss ratio
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is about... it's probably about 5 points in the loss ratio.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Okay 5 points and so should we look at it more of a one-time item or
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, that's the question we always ask ourselves. You can get severity happening in any given quarter on large limit losses and the question is, is that indicative of something or is it going to quiet down in the fourth quarter. We believe it will quiet down in the fourth quarter, and so it shouldn't repeat itself but we'll have a better handle on that in three months.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: And one last question, if I may. So it seems that business is wanting to move, do you see a trend in terms of higher pricing too on the business that is moving?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I mean basically the market is not responding to the movement of business at the same expire rates. And as a matter of fact, that's one of the reasons that you have not seen a lot of mid-term cancellations because there is a short rate penalty they have to... the 10% on the earned premium plus potentially a readjustment to the price because the carriers that you're going to move it to and it's not just only us, it is other companies, they're looking for better pricing. The combination of that caused some insurers to wait until anniversary to move their business. But we sensed that early on from the submission uptick on the activity. We got submission activity that is much higher. In a lot of our sectors in the insurance school and we measure that on a weekly basis to know this allocation of resources and where do you put emphasis. So it is that improved pricing.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Now was that because that business was under priced relative to your ratings or do you think that there is now more of an opportunity, so people want a better price?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, It depends on your return characteristics. Our return characteristics is 15% on ROE. So, in essence, we look into price the business with that kind of a return characteristic. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we got to also readjust now. Cost of capital is, has gone up significantly. And the environment that we operate is riskier. Riskier from the perspective that a lot of our insurers they're going to be under the same financial pressures that a lot of the businesses as they're going through. And now that reflects to, is it less maintenance if you're issuing credit products like surety or others. You got to be more vigilant about the availability of credit and what it does to your customers. So we're operating in a riskier environment and you got to make adjustments. The beauty of Arch is that we're still nimble as a company and we can deliver these messages to our underwriting staff very, very quickly and make those adjustments. Now, will the market respond to our needs, that's a totally different question. Early on, for me to have a definite answer to that. Hopefully by the next quarter, I will have more tangible evidence. We like the taste of what's happening. This is the buzz around it. It's not a lot of accounts that we have bound with significant rating increases, in order for us to say this is really a change. It's science, the positive early on. We need another quarter before we know.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Sure, that's great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matthew Heimermann of JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning everybody and best wishes, John. Is it you wanted to stay or just can't get away?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry, would you repeat that Matt?
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: I said that was it did you want to stay or you can't get away?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I guess it's a combination of both. He's a lot bigger than I am. I have a change in garage. I definitely would... I wanted to stay obviously. That was I was kidding. And I'm really pleased that Dinos is willing to put up with me for a few more years here.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Well, hopefully, we won't make it too hard on you. I guess I had really just one question and that question was clearly you would think about the look of the company in the past hard market, much more casually focused, the property exposure was less of an issue from a leverage perspective and it would seem for you to broad turn that clearly those other areas could lever it for you very quickly. My question is just how big of a constraint is PML to really taking the property business for it to that's kind of first opportunity that presents itself? Particularly given what you wanted to do with the fac business already?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well. We have risk management principles that would have kind of violate. I never wanted... I don't really care how attractive the opportunity is. That if you get it wrong, you can really kill the company. I don't think AIG would have been in a place they are today if they had a little more worry about the downside risk than just purely focusing on the upside risk. The one major lesson that I learn when I worked for Buffet, when I was at Berkshire Hathaway, and he once told me, he says, he say, son, spent 95% of your time worrying about the downside risk and only 5% about the up, and if you do that, that things will work out. So we... the 25% of equity rule is a very good rule for us. Monos, they are not... they have no precision that we can feel comfortable with so you got to have a little bit cushion around that et cetera. So that I don't think we're going to change our posture to that. Having said that, we're still a big participant in that market and within those limitations, we'll try to take as much advantage if it as possible.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Matt, it's... given what's going on in the market, I think it's a function there we are making sure, we get the return opportunities within the capital linked to allocate, they give us the best returns. So I think... and I think we won't be alone in that. I think a lot of people going to sit back and say the cost of capital has gone up and I want to allocate the capital I've available to this area to the best possible returns.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Yes, that's fair. The other... I guess the one follow-up I'd have to that then is, one of the factors that I see as compelling to why certainly in the reinsurance and property areas, the reinsurance market that you get increases all of the capital markets decline. I kind of wanted to ask a question about contingent capital or non-traditional capital support to you and maybe not to just similar to Flatiron. But how willing... how practical in this environment are those type of vehicles to assist companies like yourself in expending your appetite without exceeding risk?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean if we can recreate it, we will do it. But I can tell you in the state where the capital markets are, we don't see an avenue to it. I mean I'm not so sure that even cap bonds, they're going to be a relief to the need. And don't forget that the excess, the perceived excess surplus that the industry have, it might disappear between the third and fourth quarter through mark-to-market adjustments. It could be in the aggregates somewhere between $50 billion to $100 billion of adjustments to balance sheet. Yes, they might be temporary, but when you look... for everybody looks at their year end capital they have available to operate, and how the rating agencies are going to look at it. They are going to be less capacity in the marketplace and that's what we believe they want one renewals. I think they're going to be better renewals than a year ago.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I mean we're probably well positioned than any one to do that if it was possible. We're certainly not counting on it. I think it's... given the difficulty for capital to be... the excess capital, it's pretty unlikely that you're going to see a lot of sidecar capital coming to the business.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay, that is what I thought. But I appreciate the color and the thought behind it. That's all I have. Thanks very much guys.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes in the line of Jay Gelb of Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Thank you. First, I have a question on capital management. Should we take your commentary on share buybacks to mean that we shouldn't be modeling in any share buy backs for 2009?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: If you tell me where the market is going to go, I can answer the question. If my thesis proves to be correct, that if the market will improve significantly, that's a good assumption. Our first preference always is to take all of our excess capital and deployed in the business at acceptable returns. That was our thesis from the beginning. When we are unable to do that, then we say the best place for that capital is to go back to shareholders. So, it's kind of a chicken and egg question. If I have clear vision that I can utilize our capital into and deploy it in our business at attractive returns, that's where the capitalist is going to go. That's what we get paid, we get paid as underwriters and if we find underwriting opportunities with good returns, that's what we should be doing and we shouldn't be worrying about share repurchases. On the other hand, if the market doesn't respond in the way I would like it to and I believe it will, then we can always go back and buy shares back. So very, very hard for us to predict the future and it's very hard, that's why we have new guidance and that's why we can't help you with your models.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then separate issue on looking at the investment marks on page 12 and 13 of the press release, can you talk about your comfort level? If I am reading it right, CMBS portfolio market about $0.97 and the asset-backed securities, the main portion of it the autos, credit cards, reduction bonds and the other, the sum total of that market $0.97. Just kind of give where we are in the market?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We talk about this all the time and we're looking at this all the time. So we are pretty comfortable with the quality where we are and we've stressed that most of this. Interesting in it, in October, our RMBS was actually was one of the... to date in October anyway, RMBS was doing much better than many other sectors of the spread market. CMBS did come under some more pressure. But if you look at as opposed to focusing on marks, I think one of the reason the marks are where they are is when you look at some of the metrics behind them such as the loan to value and the subordination, you can see these securities at least the once we have, we feel we are in a pretty good shape. The ABS for instance, we've looked at scenarios where you got a really unemployment on credit cards for instance. You could double unemployment and it wouldn't have any impact even on the over collateralization that protects you. So you got to go three-fourth x on unemployment from where we are, to really impact these securities. The short duration, the throwing off cash to continue to throw off cash, so we feel pretty good about the ABS, the MBS and the RMBS in the portfolio.
Jay Gelb - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tom Cholnoky of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: John, I guess you'll be able to hit them a lot further and straighter now?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Obviously, if that happens, I'll be really pleased but I'm not betting on it.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Dinos, I wanted to go back and talk to you about acquisitions and just trying to get a sense from how we should think about your appetite and also your ability to finance. I guess what I'm getting at is, you know how big of an acquisition you could make. Second, as you acknowledge the capital markets are not very accommodating right now, if this were something beyond your immediate cash available, the available cash you have, would you consider issuing stock or just talk a little bit more in detail about that and also from an accretion standpoint, with something have to be accretive immediately or would you be willing to have something to be not accretive right away?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me start by stating the obvious. Acquisitions is the third in order of importance in our slate book, how to grow the business. Number one is organic, number two finding teams of book of the business, and number three is acquisitions. Having said that, yes, we understand our limitations. Our balance sheet is strong, it has excess capital but it is not significant to make a large acquisition. So if it is small because it is just a unique opportunity, we will probably can do it and pay cash. If it is larger, meaning in excess over $1 billion or $2 billion, in essence then we have to issue stock. It got be a stock. But having said that, in my view, it has to be accretive. We will not... we have a company that has a very strong balanced sheet with a lot of clarity to it. We got to go through the four factors that really get us excited on acquisition. Number one, it fits the business model we have; number two, it's strategic, meaning is in the lines of business we want to be. Number three, we can see through the balance sheet and then number four the culture has to be similar to ours. And at the end we look at the price and the price has to make sense. In a market like this, you never know what opportunity might show up. We're not spending a lot of time and effort in trying to be pick out acquisition opportunities. I think we're spending a lot of time and effort trying to expand our business more in the traditional fashion. So organically, you're finding some teams and enhance products that we have and distribution and underwriting capability in the marketplace. But I wanted you all to know that if given the right opportunity, we will not take acquisitions off the table.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Are there any assets of AIG that you might be interested in?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, so far, the only... to our understanding, in our sector, they only put out to us, they are 59% of Transatlantic and we believe the Hartford steam boiler, it will be coming up shortly. We'll look at them, but it's a lot of factors. It depends, of course, Hartford steam boiler much better asset than Transatlantic because of the structure et cetera. Transatlantic is a more difficult transaction because it's only the 59%. I'm not so sure they want to sell the whole company. It's a more complicated situation. But we'd probably take a look at both.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great, Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS. Please proceed.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Yes. Good morning everybody. John, I'm glad that you're sticking around for a little longer here.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Brian. You didn't hear, Brian, a lot longer.
Brian Meredith - UBS: A lot longer, a lot longer, that's great.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Please bring it up, it keeps getting longer.
Brian Meredith - UBS: It get longer and longer. Like I said, did you lose the bet with Dinos. Let's see. Dinos, question here loss cost. If I think about the last couple of cycle turns that we've had, and one of the key ingredients there was that you had acceleration in loss cost and you had balance sheet that were overstated because reserves were obviously very deficient. I'm wondering what component that could have in the cycle turning? Can we really get a hard market here without that component and then maybe you can refresh us on what happened to the 1970s.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let's start with the 1970s. I was a rookie and went behind the years then. But I'm a student of this business, so I'd like to understand why cycles happen and what was them, et cetera. There was less regulation in the insurance business in the 70s, meaning that there was no difficult rules from a statuary point of view as to how much in equities you can hold in your investment portfolio. A lot of companies that will quote with significant investments in equities, we had the market correction in 73, 74. Literally, companies went to sleeve writing 2:1 and they woke up writing 4:1. So at the same time, loss ratios, they were deteriorating. So the balance sheets, they were viewed solid because the asbestos environmental issues, they were not yet in the horizon. But overnight, the market really chine and 75, 76, 77 they were very good years in the insurance business and in my view the market turning was because not just loss cost was going up and the loss ratio is starting to inch up, because the active side of the balance sheet was remarked and a lot of capital went out. Now, today I think what you said is absolutely correct. The company that's coming all out of a hard cycle, the cycle actually starting to turn in the last probably 10 quarters or so with rate reductions, call it, 2.5 years it depends by line. We're starting to see accident year loss ratios to inch up to the point that most companies barely have the ability to have adequate returns and most companies have stated returns anywhere from 10% to 12% ROE to 15% over a long period of time, and the business without a correction it was performing in my view in the low double-digit area. So we're having a little bit of a sign that loan scores is going up, but there was excess capital and for some companies as you see with reserve releases, they were on strong reserve repositions. But all that is changing for two reasons. One is that your ability for the asset side of the balance sheet to contribute significantly is not as good as it was in prior cycles because interest rates are going to be very, very low. And two, overnight in two quarters, we might lose the perceived excess capital. So to me, it has a lot of similarity to what happened in 73, 74 and what emerges as a good three years after that.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Brian, Let me just add because unfortunately as I admitted earlier, I am a lot older than he is and so I actually went through that period. But two things to keep in mind vis-à-vis this cycle versus the ones you are kind of used to, which were driven more by far more results rather than anything else. One is as of the beginning of the year, and I am not sure as it is updated but believe or not, the industry had just short of $300 billion in the stock market. So that's a big number, that's going to come out of capital accounts for the industry as a whole. The second which is different, and I did go through that and Dinos hit it right on the head. It wasn't pricing per sale that was purely capital this time, it is their first time that I can remember this really happening, capital availability is severely constrained. So that in my view has an impact on how people think, so there's the pure capacity that's represented by capital and then there's the willingness to use capacity and the fear that what happens if something goes wrong. So I'm not saying that's necessarily going to drive it but those are factors I think you have to take into account when you sort of look at the entire mosaic or what it is that changes a market.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay. And then last question here kind of adding on to Tom's question about M&A and then even just generally capital and ability to get capital. What you all willingness to potentially tap your original founders or partner for some opportunities in your capitals? That's maybe one area you can actually get capital for acquisition or to really ramp up growth.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, I can speak at least for Halman and Warburg which we know them well environment et cetera. I think they think that, I hope they still think highly of us. At least last information I have, they think highly of us. And yes, that's an avenue for us and there might be other private equity firms given the right opportunity. So, it has to do with the opportunity we can find a capital. What the course of that capital is going to be and what alternatives we have. And you factor all that in or you may get decision.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Great. Thank you
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle of RBC Markets.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. A lot of my questions have kind of already been covered. But I had one another additional point I wanted to touch on. When you described your PMLs, both of the higher risk items you have mentioned were both wind related. Do you have a level of PML exposure to things like quake or is that dissimilar?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We measure a lot of different PMLs. A quake PML is significantly lower than the 25% of common equity. I don't have the number right in front of me but it's probably in the 16%, 17% or thereabouts.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. And then the second question I had, several of your lines particularly the construction is very economically sensitive. Have you seen any particular fall off in demand in that area just as it relates to as an economic influence?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, in different sectors. In the construction business, we do two things. One is we write a lot of I would say, medium size business, but for us the large accounts or larger contractors on a loss sensitive basis. In essence, they take big deductibles of big self insured retentions for their programs. There, we haven't seen any reduction of opportunities. Yes, maybe their payroll is going down a bit and maybe they have a little less activity et cetera, but also the result that carriers that they're having difficulty that they were in that sector and in essence for us, its creates opportunities because it's not because the sector itself is growing, but the movement from one carrier to the other gives us the opportunities. Where we've seen significant reduction is on the Orizon [ph] contractors we write on the surplus line spaces. And there we have seen and as you can see our casualty volume on the insurance group is down like 40% or so. And some of it is coming from that because we sensing significant reduction in work in those sectors. I'm talking about the electricians and plumbers and dry wall guys et cetera that if one, it was competitive as of few months ago and we didn't like the pricing so some of it was our own underwriting posture that caused us to write less. But also we've seen less activity of that.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: And the one I was relating to residential.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman of Adage Capital. Please proceed.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: Thanks. First, I had to say I was very surprised when I read the release yesterday. I think you looked a day over 63.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ian, with friends like you.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: Dino, it's about the market. I mean, all the things you said and for why the markets are harder, it make a lot of sense and I agree with every one of them. My concern is that when did annuals don't go down without a fight and the early reports of AIG is being aggressive in places to defend their tariff and when business is moving because of that business is moving without price increase or at least in certain areas. So, I guess my questions is will we have the next call on January, what are the chances that we hear you come back and say, we tried to get pricing and we need pricing but between AIG being competitive and a few of our competitors getting weak in the knees, and not holding the line and just trying to take business from AIG lines and take it with a price increase, things didn't turn out the way we hoped.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's one of the possibilities. Ian, we've seen some defensive moves by some of our less fortunate competitors in trying to hold on to the business and they do it through price. But how long can you continue to that? If your digits come to be correct and there is a possibility that's what plays out, I think the cycle will deteriorate, but it will come out of it with more velocity in a shorter period of time. We never tried to predict the future. It is very hard for us to predict the future. So give our operations to be more responsive to the opportunities, respond to what the market gives you. And if we got to do less, so be it. And we're not ashamed to report 5%, 10%, 15% reduction in volume, if it is the right thing for us and our shareholders and we can grow by 20%, 30% or 40%. We will do that also independent that we get criticized sometimes by the rating agencies.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: Do you think... again, and I'm hoping it doesn't, but if that scenario plays out the way I suggested maybe it could, what's your appetite? I mean if we are getting pricing similar today, is that worth growing given as you said, what the... how about with the cost of capital and the risk investment portfolios and--
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we want to grow and we believe we are returning at least 15% return on equity. So on the capital committed, that's what we want to do. If that doesn't happen, where my share price is, I'll take our excess capital and buy myself back through share repurchasing rather than trying to chase business that it gives me single-digit ROEs. I'm not in that game.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: Do you think most of your book today on an accident year basis, is priced at 15 ROE?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: On average, there is... some above and some below, but on average, I think my book of business is around that. Yes.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: So to grow the book then, you need pricing to go up and if pricing stays you'll probably stay about flat.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: Okay. So do you think that again going back to the scenario I laid out where things don't materialize, we hope at Jan 1. Could this be something like what we in property after Katrina where January 1 was disappointing, but then the momentum built throughout the year as the capacity shortfall became more apparent?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Listen, I can give you... we're trying to predict the path of the hurricane. I mean sometimes, this...
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ian, if you recall because you were roll over it back in '01 as we went into '02, we started in property and the velocity of the price changes really in casualty didn't really start to come until you got to the middle of '02 and towards '03. So it may sort of roll as you suggest, my roll by one, is going to depend.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: It depends what people fill in their buckets. And when... you have shortage of available capital capacity. People I don't think they are going to help rate on the basis. You see two months ago, everybody was operating on the basis we have excess capital. So whatever we can write is not a problem. There is not a capital issue here. So, I can write as much as I want, in any sector I like. I think you'll going to see more rationing now. And anytime you ration those capital decisions, prices go up and I'm expecting that. If it doesn't happen, we'll go back to the all played book, being conservative.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In certain areas of reinsurance business, we are seeing sort of the different mentality among the brokers. You know it's no longer change totally from things have to go down to things are going up. So, I mean there's another anecdotal evidence but the proof will be in the pudding and as Dino said, we prefer to act on actual observable data rather than try to prognosticate what's going to happen.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: My final question, why I was leading with all those is, again if we don't see things up as much as we like in January, would it make sense for you guys actually go for your insurance book to start buying a lot more reinsurance knowing that, it's reasonably priced right now and if you have the courage and conviction that this market needs to hard in, you go by the reinsurance now and the when things harden later in the year, you've locked in what will then be cheap reinsurance to grow your insurance progressively?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're making a presumption that reinsurance, bunch of dumb people around. I haven't seen a lot of them. I compete with them and I think the reinsurance market is being very disciplined and at the end of the day, you buy reinsurance because you want to manage horizontal and vertical accumulations, not because you want to arbitrage. And I don't think there is that significant arbitrage in the reinsurance business. So if that happens, of course we'll... I always want to buy things cheaper and cheaper, but that's not a big part of our strategy.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: Okay.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And our sense is right now that that's not what's going on the reinsurance market.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: Right. And to ask the arbitrage means, so much that it is poorly priced business that's pre-launch for arbitrage meaning that if that turns out to be a great market opportunity, you're going to want as much capacity as you can get. And one of the ways to do that is to buy reinsurance before the pricing of--
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. They may have a different view of what kind of returns they want and what their cost of capital is than we do. That's possible. And if that's the case, then we're certainly not afraid to buy reinsurance.
Ian Gutterman - Adage Capital Management: Okay. All right. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ron Bobman of Capital Returns. Please proceed.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: The long wait. Congrats. I just want to check Dinos when Buffet made that statement to you, did he start out by saying, son?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't recall exactly what he said, but I
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: It was 1987 or 98.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: I was much younger, I was 37 and I have... I don't know how much you know about Mr. Buffet. But he is... for his employees, he's always... he treat them like father. If he likes you and I hope he did like me of the 5 years that I worked for him. He always give me very, very good and solid advice and I listen to every word he said.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: I am sure it is a treasured experience. I have a question about the implications for reinsurers of book of business, primary business that was underwritten by a company in distress and sort of what are the implications for the reinsurer the performance of that in-force book, the ongoing assumption of business for current treaties and freshen that sort of on an ongoing basis. What are the thoughts that practices the limitations their vulnerabilities to reinsurers that have that situation of it, of a distressed ceding company?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well. You always worry about... don't forget, independent if you are on a prorate or on excess of loss, at the end of the day, you... the performance of the claims department that is going to handle the claims from the primary insurer will determine the outcome for both, you and the cede. And usually, companies who are in distress and they start losing personnel, so in essence the aggregate quality of that personnel diminishes, it doesn't fare well for their book of business, how he is going to perform and also you participating on that book as a reinsurer what portion of that loss is going to come to you. It is always a concern to us and we look at it, we audit and we try to make sure. But in general terms, that usually what happens.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I mean, it's Ron, it's part of the underwriting process, is going to evaluate how solid the company or underwriting is. Sometimes you can protect yourself somewhat in terms and conditions reinsurer structure things, but it is important underwriting consideration when you're evaluating whether or not to reinsure some one.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. In some cases it works into your favor, and I have seen it on companies watch surely when under, so they were in liquidation where if losses there significantly higher, particular claim is significantly higher that the guarantee fund protection, which starts at $300,000, the liquidator will get a better settlements because of the fear that if the claim and wage out towards the end, you might get nothing versus a partial payment. And I've seen that happen but that's more real if get a company that were in the end you go at a $10 million claim. And you don't know if this is going to be enough funds for you to get you $10 million, you might settle for $5 million or even less, just to get an early resolution for that before the money runs out. But there is always negative to be in that position.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Okay. How about litigation, claims that are in litigation obviously being reviewed I don't know by a jury or a judge, do you think the popular press and the coverage of AIGs was on average result and litigation outcomes worse than they would otherwise have accomplished by virtue of--?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: It is very hard to predict that. Don't forget 98% of claim activity is only a very small percentage that gets adjudicated. And so, I can't talk on behalf of how juries would think, but it's not going to change the dynamics significantly.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Okay. Thanks again and John, best of luck and thanks for everything you contributed. Much appreciate it.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Labbe of Langen McAlenney. Please proceed.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Hi guys.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Steve.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: John, I'll reiterate the last comment.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello?
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Hi guys. John, I'll reiterate that last comment. Thank you very much and congratulations.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: I was wondering if in your risk management committee as it relates to your own reinsurance buying, if you've made any changes recently in the list of your acceptable partners.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Luckily for us, we've been very, very particular in terms of that list, particularly where it would pertains to any kind of business that's got any kind of a tail to it. So we have in to make any major changes but as I said, we've always been proactive. We've always paid more attention to all the factors surrounding the company's financial health, not just its credit rating or financial strength rating. So we haven't yet to do that, but we're always watching very, very carefully. We meet every single quarter and we'll review everybody on the list. We've always tried to take a pretty measured approach to how much reinsurance recovery we want from anyone named regardless of how strong we perceive them to be. So we're in pretty good shape. I know other people have taken some of the people you might be alluding to of their list. I mean, we've seen some people not only have they come off the reinsurance list, but other people won't write excess of them in an environment like this because they're afraid of the drop down problems that when a company that's primary has problems and you've written excess over them that causes or can cause problems for the excess carriers. So we look at it, we look at reinsurance, we look at who we write excess over and we try to be proactive instead of reactive.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Is there a... recognizing your earlier comments about the rating agency, is there a minimum rating that you have regardless of again your comments earlier?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, We'll start with the rating but the rating won't... you might have someone with a high rating. And we might limit the amount of business we're going to do with them or not do business with them at all.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Or the classes.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Or the classes or you might someone else where and we've have instances, I won't name names where we with the rating was fine but we looked at the balance sheet and it wasn't the right side of the balance sheet that caused us concern. It was the left side of the balance sheet that caused us concern. So, we did business with them but only on the basis of so we would have security. So, where we have concerns, our view has always been if we can get security that helps us keep the portfolio diversified from a reinsurance standpoint. But we're not going to, one, we are not going to put all our eggs in one basket, but we're also not going to accept people on the list for the benefit of diversity, if we're not comfortable with the underlying credit.
Steven Labbe - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Thank you very much.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jay you're the last one.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Well, I don't need... my questions have actually been answered, but I feel like I should say congratulations to John and just say you've been a great spokesman for Arch and you have done a great job as Chief Financial Officer. I think I speak for everyone, when I say we learnt a heck of a lot from you over the years and last when I make it. I think the transition here is pretty impressive. It looks like... I don't know John Hele very well, but his credentials are quite good and I think it was managed remarkably well. So, that's it.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, thank you very much. And on John Hele, you can talk to some of your maybe older Merrill colleagues; they might remember him because he worked there for a while.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Absolutely.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good. Thanks, Jay.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Operator, I think we have no more questions.
Operator: Thank you. There are no more questions.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We appreciate everybody, giving us the opportunity to share our thoughts with you today and we're looking forward to seeing you in three months. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Lordanou - President and CEO John D. Vollaro - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Smith Barney Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia Securities Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan Brian Meredith - UBS Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2008 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lacy, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Before the company gets started with its update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the Federal Securities law. These statements are based upon management's current assessment and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For information on the risk factors and other... for other risk factors that may affect future performance, investors should periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call are not based on historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends the forward-looking statements in this call to be subject to Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also would like reference some non-GAAP measures of the financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to turn the conference... your presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Dinos Lordanou and John Vollaro. Please proceed.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator. And good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Against the backdrop of very competitive underwriting environment in an extremely volatile investment climate, we are very pleased with the performance of our operating units and the results that we have achieved. Our book value per share including the effects of our share repurchases increased to $57.49, a 21.3% increase from the end of the second quarter of 2007. Our after-tax operating income for the 2008 second quarter was $2.82 per share, which represents a 20.5 annualized return on average common equity. Even though our premium production is down and our book of business is maturing, our cash flow from operations continue to be strong at $256 million for the quarter. John will give you more detailed analysis of our financials in few minutes, but before I turn it over to him, let me comment on the market environment as we see in our two businesses; insurance and reinsurance. On the underwriting side, the market continues to be competitive without any meaningful change from what we saw in the first quarter of this year. As underwriters of specialty lines, where technical knowledge expertise and experience are key to underwriting performance, we believe we have a strong team of underwriters that gives us a competitive advantage. We're pleased with the discipline that all of our units are demonstrating in this difficult market environment. From an investment perspective, the extreme volatility that affected the credit markets has had minimal affect on our portfolio. Our subprime exposures are relatively small on both the asset side of the balance sheet and also the liability side of our balance sheet. Our Reinsurance Group's net premiums declined by 13.5%, predominantly due to market conditions. Average rates continue to decline at the low double-digit level, with terms and conditions generally holding except for persistent request by cedants for increased ceding commissions. We have refused to participate on 3D accounts, where the negative arbitrage to us was significant. This has cost us some business, but it is the right thing to do. Our casualty lines, which include professional liability and D&O were down 21%, and our marine and aviation lines were down 9%. On the other hand, our property and property cat book was down only 6%, and this is due mainly to a large two-year cat contract written in the second quarter of 2007 that makes the year-over-year comparison difficult. We the termination of our Flatiron facility, we have the opportunity to choose to increase our participation on existing business. Where we believe the returns are most attractive, we have increased our participation, but we have always remained within our risk management limitations. Our Property Fac operations, which we started approximately year and a half ago, are gaining good acceptance in the marketplace. In June of 2008, we received 1,477 submissions from 96 different client companies. This is an all-time high for us. For the second quarter, we bound approximately 1,100 certificates and $12 million in premium. Our Gulf Re joint venture has received the appropriate licenses, and an A minus rating from A.M. Best, and is off the ground as of June of 2008. Now, let me turn to our Insurance Group. Our insurance operations saw a reduction in net written premium of 6.7%. Rates were down 5% to 10% in most lines. Two exceptions were our program business, in which rates were basically flat; and our professional liability book, which saw a 1% reduction for the quarter. Our program and professional liability books of business are predominantly comprised of small accounts. We find this sector more attractive than the large accounts sector. The other exception was in our executive assurance unit, where financial institutions, D&O moved to a plus 11% rate increase, and commercial D&O rates decreased moderately to a minus 6% for the quarter. Over capacity and lack of major catastrophes continue to put great pressure on rates in the property lines, with rates going down 24% on average for the quarter. From a volume point of view, we recorded growth in our construction and national accounts business, which is to a great extent comprised of large deductible and retrospectively rated policies, as well our program business. All the other lines declined at high single to low double-digits, except for casualty, which declined more than 40%. In this division, our casualty division, we predominantly write all of our excess and umbrella business and our primary surplus lines business, which is under pressure not only from other competitors, but also from the stand of markets that they're moving to write E&S business on an admitted basis. Before I turn it to over to John, let me upgrade you on our PML aggregates. As of July 1, are running at 250 year event from a single event, expressed as a percentage of common equity was approximately 23% with Tri-County, Florida, and northeast windstorm continue to be our largest exposed zones. This is a slight increase over the 22% we reported in the last quarter. With that, let me turn it to over to John to go through a detailed discussion of our financials. John?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Dinos. Good morning everyone. As usual, I'll briefly walk through the key components of our financial results, starting with the top line. Dinos has already commented on some detail on premium volume, but there are a few additional items that are noteworthy. On a trailing 12 months basis, premiums written by the insurance segment represented approximately 68% of our gross volume and 60% of our net volume; while property and other short-tail lines now represent approximately 44% of our net premium volume. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net to gross written premium in 2008, increase to approximately 77% from 69% in the 2007 quarter, primarily as a result of the non-renewal of the Flatiron treaty. On a reported basis, we ceded $7 million of written premium to Flatiron in the second quarter of 2008 and $116 million in the prior year quarter. On an earned basis, premium ceded under this treaty amounted to $46 million in the second quarter of '08, in comparison with $73 million ceded during the 2007 second quarter. The overriding estimated profit commission recorded on the treaty with Flatiron are reflected as a reduction of the acquisition expense of the reinsurance segment, which improved the expense ratio of that segment by 230 basis points in the 2008 quarter, while the impact on their expense ratio on the comparable 2007 period was 310 basis points. The change in ceding commission was due to a lower level of earned premium in 2008. The earned premium of business ceded to Flatiron was approximately $66 million at quarter end. We expect an additional $5 million to $10 million of written premium on existing contracts will be ceded to Flatiron. Most of the ceded premium yet to be earned and the related fees including profit sharing, if any, will be reflected in earnings primarily during the balance of 2008. It should also be noted as Dino has pointed out that on a quarter-over-quarter comparison for the reinsurance segment was affected by a large cat contract, which was written for a two year term in 2007, while 2008 did not include any comparable contracts. Turning to the operating results, underwriting income per share for the second quarter of 2008 was $1.39 in comparison with $1.60 per share recorded in the second quarter of last year. Our consolidated combined ratio was 87.1% in the 2008 quarterly period, which was 300 basis points higher that the comparable 2007 quarter. 2008 underwriting results were driven by the continuation of excellent underwriting results in property and marine business of the reinsurance segment as well as favorable development of prior year reserves. The difference in combined ratio on a quarter-over-quarter basis resulted from increases in the both the loss and expense ratios. The increase in the loss ratio of 70 basis points was attributable to an increase in catastrophe and large individual risk losses in short-tail lines as well as to an increase in our loss fixed for intermediate and long-tail business. These effects were partially offset by an increasing the amount of favorable loss development as well as to the continuing shift in the overall mix of business towards short-tail lines, which relative to longer tail lines generally have lower loss ratios. On a consolidated basis, favorable reserve development net of related adjustment to acquisition expenses totaled $55 million in the 2008 quarter compared to $32 million recorded in the second quarter of 2007. Approximately two-thirds of the net favorable development... of the development in a 2008 quarter was some short and medium-tail lines. In general, reported, paid and claim activity across most lines of business remained at favorable levels and IBNR and ACRs were approximately 73% of total loss reserves at quarter end. The consolidated expense ratio was 230 basis points higher on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Approximately 60 basis points of the increase was due to additional acquisition cost related to the favorable loss development. In addition, the 2008 expense ratio includes charges of roughly $2 million for cost incurred in connection with actions that are underway to significantly reduce the operating expenses in the insurance... in the company's insurance operations. We expect further charges will be incurred during the next several quarters as these measures are implemented, but that over time they will have a beneficial impact on the expense ratio. The balance of the increase in the expense ratio results primarily from the effects of lower premium volume. Turning to investment results, in the 2008 quarter, pre-tax net investment income per share rose by approximately 18% on a quarter-over-quarter basis to $1.78. On a sequential basis, net investment income per share declined slightly, primarily due to the fact, as we reported previously first quarter net investment income included interest income earned on a... earned related to a favorable arbitration decision. The growth of investment income per share on a quarter-over-quarter basis was primarily due to a higher level of average investable assets. This increase primarily resulted from the continuation of strong cash flow from operations. This quarter's cash flow brings the total flow produced by the recapitalization of the company to approximately $9... since the recapitalization of the company to approximately $9.2 billion. After reflecting share repurchases, which I will comment on in detail in a moment, investable assets rose slightly to approximately $10.3 billion at June 30th, and the portfolio remains healthy and well positioned. Taking into account yields, realized and unrealized gains, and income from certain investments accounted for under the equity method, the total pre-tax return of the portfolio was slightly negative for the second quarter of 2008, an acceptable result considering the substantial increase in interest rates during the quarter. The average credit quality of the portfolio remained high at AA plus, and the reported duration decreased slightly in the second quarter to approximately 3.4 years. The portfolio continues to be comprised primarily of high quality fixed income securities, with essentially no investments in hedge funds or private equity funds. Our balance sheet remains in excellent shape and our financial flexibility remains strong, with total capital amounting to approximately $4.3 billion at quarter end, and with debt in hybrids representing approximately 17% of the total. The increase in the third quarter is due to the fact that, in May, we funded $100 million of our investment commitment to Gulf Re, utilizing our revolving credit facility. The cost of these borrowings is LIBOR, one, two, three or six months plus 28 basis points, and these borrowings mature in August 2011. With respect to capital management, during the second quarter of 2008, we repurchased 2.9 million common shares for a consideration of approximately $200 million, which represents an average price per share of roughly $61.61 or 1.2 on IMS book value per share at quarter end. Through the first 22 days of July, we repurchased an additional 1.7 million shares at an average cost of $65.94 per share. As of July 22nd, 2008, we had approximately $461 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. On a weighted average basis, share repurchases were accretive to EPS by approximately $0.30 per share for the 2008 quarter. Moreover, the repurchases enhanced ROE for the 2008 quarter by approximately 290 basis points. For the quarter, share repurchases net of accretion, reduced book value per share by approximately $0.54. In summary, the combination of the operating results and capital management initiatives produced an ROE of about 21% in the quarter, and book value per share, despite the short-term effects of the share repurchases and a significant increase in interest rates, grew by approximately 1% during the quarter. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we will take questions now, Lacy. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from the line of Josh Shanker with Citi. Please proceed.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Smith Barney: Good morning.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Josh.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Smith Barney: First a numbers question. Can we find out the IBNR percentage of the reserves, and they'd be maybe the case additional case reserve amount.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, IBNR is a little over 70%, and the case reserves are little under 3. Together they total about 73%.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay, thank you. And I'm wondering the first thing, growth seems actually much more stable, or these premiums seem more stable ours than the competitors. Can we strip out, do we have the gross premium or the net premium numbers for Flatiron in 2007 so we can normalize our numbers of '08?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we'd get you those numbers. But, it was approximately, I think, Flatiron was about $300 million on annually session. So, I think, if my memory, John is looking at the specific number, my memory is good, I'm usually good with numbers, about $311 million for '07, but we'll give you the specific number in a minute.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay. And giving... but you are planning, we listen to one of your competitor's conference calls last night. They felt that combined ratio for the industry was headed over a 100% this year. One of your other competitors out in Connecticut thought that by next year we would be at 110% combined. Given this business that you're writing in your parts of the market, do you agree with this sort of a market summary?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let's refine combined ratio first. Is it on a calendar year, or accident year or policy year?
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Smith Barney: I think they're talking about policy year probably.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Policy year. No even on a policy year basis, which truly reflects the current market environment for our book of business, we believe that based on our mix and where we're operating, we're in the low 90s and there would be some deterioration over '09. Assuming there is no... the market conditions continue to drift as we've seen them, but that deterioration will probably be in the range of 3, 4 points on the combined ratio, so that will get us for '09 to probably in the high 90s. And I am talking about, you know us in the industry. So I will disagree, I don't know whom you're referring to, but I will disagree that the industry is going to experience 210 on a policy year next year.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Josh just quickly Dinos was...so far in '08 the ceded written to Flatiron is just about $25 million. In '07 we ceded just about $300 million.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Smith Barney: Okay.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Is that --.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Smith Barney: No, I will book it through. I'm really just trying to get some run rate numbers on your premium volume and I will figure it out and I'll get back to you, appreciate it. And finally, given the pace at which you are buying back shares, does it cross your to get a partner, does it make sense for Arch to be a public company during the soft market here?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think it's a capital intensive business, the insurance business so you... we believe unique to have the ability to have access to the capital markets, plus the rating agencies is so much that will allow you to put debt on the company and maintain your ratings, so you make sense from that. On the other hand though I think when our share price as viewed by the public markets, is significantly below what we believe is the intrinsic value of the company. It's prudent for us as a management team to invest in ourselves and buyback shares aggressively, and we have done so.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Smith Barney: Well, congratulations on another great quarter.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Josh.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Susan Spivak with Wachovia. Please proceed.
Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia Securities: Good morning, Dinos and John. I have a few questions. One, I'm not exactly sure how to phrase, so I'm just going to say it how I think. We all know there has been a recent downgrade of a major competitor on the island who has been similar line of business to you, been taken up security list, have seen brokers issue warnings. And so, I just want to know what you are doing to capitalize on that opportunity. That's my first question. Second, I want to know... can you give us some idea what the premium volume from the Middle East joint venture will be.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me take --
Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia Securities: And then, I am sorry, one more sir. Just remind me if you released any casualty reserve or what you mean by medium-tail lines on the reserve releases?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me start with the first one. Listen, the insurance business is highly competitive business. So usually you try to find opportunities in the marketplace, independent it is because our competitors sample [ph], or you have the opportunity to pick up a team or you have the opportunity to pick up a program that somebody else had. So we've seen some opportunities, but in a very, very competitive environment I wouldn't say those opportunities they're going to change the volume directions that we see. Yes, we look to find opportunities that are better rating and the confidence the distribution channel has in our people, and the stability and the response that we give to the brokers makes a difference, so from that perspective. And of course, if we find opportunities to hire good people, we'd take those opportunities.
Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia Securities: Have you hired any in the recent months?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we have added... don't forget, net-net, we have... we are down in personnel, because we are managing predominantly through attrition, and also with some job eliminations to try to match our revenue with the expense structure. In a soft market, you got to be cognizant of your expenses. But in certain situations where we could upgrade personnel, we took that opportunity to do it, even though net-net probably we're down 55 people for the quarter as a company. Now, your second question, is way too early for the joint venture. They just opened their doors. They're writing some business. They're seeing opportunities. I'd be guessing as to what they're going be able to do. This is they're only been in operations for a few weeks. So, but early indications is that, they're seeing stuff and they're seeing the kind of business that we expected for them to see, and they're starting to bind some business. We'll know more about that as the year goes... progresses. And then --
Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia Securities: But, part of 2009 benefits then.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, and then, I'll turn it over to John to give you a little bit on more flavor on their releases of short, medium-tail and some long-tail.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right, yes.
Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia Securities: Okay.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Your question specifically, what we would consider to be medium-tail lines would be relatively low limits professional liability i.e. claims made, types of business, so, for miscellaneous types of professional liability. For instance, we would not consider executive assurance to be medium-tail; we consider that to be long-tail even tough it's claims made because of the nature of the limits and the fact that a lot of it is written excess and it takes a long time to develop. So, we have released periodically depending upon where the data takes us, both some of the medium and some of the longer terms. So, on this quarter, we said two- thirds of it came from short and medium-tail, and I would say that was predominantly short-tail with some medium-tail releases. The balance was from longer tail lines. Again, on the longer tail side, which would include executive assurance as well as certain types of professional liability in the health area, excess over hospitals and miscellaneous facilities, we didn't include some longer tail lines were released, but most of that came... again most of that came on claims made business.
Susan Spivak-Bernstein - Wachovia Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. And again, I commend you on your discipline of share repurchase and how you're navigating through this soft cycle.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from line of Dan Johnson with Citadel. Please proceed.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Great, thank you very much. Two questions. John, could you remind us or say again what was the average book or average repurchase price in the second quarter?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In the quarter? In the first or second quarter?
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Second quarter, please.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Second quarter was 69.61, and then in the first 22 days of this month that's 65.94.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Okay, 69.61.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, right.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Got it. Okay. And then the question on the outlook for investment yields, can you talk a little bit about relative to the average yield that we're earning on the portfolio now, where are you putting new money to work and in terms of yields and then where are you putting new money to work in terms of types of assets?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. We're pretty much haven't changed the... what we've been doing. We did as we mentioned, put, we did in the quarter for a little bit more money into the bank loan funds. They performed very, very well for the quarter. Remember, they're predominantly floating rate instruments. So, those are a nice hedge against some of the interest rate volatility we're seeing. We've put a very minor amount of money in addition into certain high yield opportunities on a case-by-case basis. We haven't committed any more money per se, to that area through a manager. And the rest of it is, we're in... we continue to look for areas where on a credit side, where you're getting paid today, it's a lot more attractive on high quality stocks. So, we're continuing to invest primarily in the higher end of the credit spectrum. We're still somewhat cautious about the overall outlook for the economy and for credit. We're not sure we've seen the end of what's going on in the credit cycle, so we remain cautious. But given where spreads are, and given where treasury yields are, given the backup in the second quarter, which obviously impacted everybody, we're still investing new money around the yield that were reported this quarter. Obviously that can change either way depending upon what goes on in the market place, but we're not seeing any... and we do track sort of... we manage our portfolio actively so we are... we will continue to sell or buy things based on relative value. But for the most part of the stuff we track, new investments are yielding comparable amounts to things we're selling, so I don't think you're seeing anything dramatic...any dramatic fall off there.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: And we're not...we're not going to be aggressive on the investment side. The people buy our stock because we are good underwriters, so.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Right, but....
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Obviously if we thought, there are the areas that were attractive, we might... given the fact, despite the fact that we return a lot of capital, we still have excess capital and that will give us the room, if we see opportunities that are attractive enough. But again its always on a risk adjusted basis and it's always going to be within our tolerance for risks.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: The after-tax yields came down, it looks like something like, I don't know, maybe eightish basis points.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, about eight basis point.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Sequentially and call it roughly 10 year-over-year. I'm just trying to figure out, the marginal trends going forward is not for lower yield?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Not dramatically lower. I think if you look at... because remember even though interest rates which were extraordinarily low in the first treasuries, and we talk about treasuries, we're very low in the first quarter, bounced back quite a bit in the second, and in spreads widened quite a bit. So, we're currently still able to find relatively high quality instruments in that neighborhood.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: And then last question to this piece is, when you look at the maturity schedule of your investments, how does the maturity... how does the maturity yield is compared to the reinvestment yield today?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, that's I was just mentioning. We track more so than the maturities although we... because we do...again we actively manage so we're buying and selling all the time and we do track sort of what's leaving the portfolio against what's coming in and it's fairly consistent. It can move around on you a little bit, but it's reasonably consistent and it's not down dramatically at least in the last few weeks that we've been watching it here. Where it goes, I can't predict.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: We don't know whether spreads are going to come.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Where the spreads and rates are going. Our feeling is spreads have a way to go and get to where they are more attractive, but it depends on which sector you're looking at. And we don't... we try not to forecast interest rates. We'll leave that to other people.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Fair enough. Thanks very much for the question.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse. Please proceed
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Vinay.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Nice quarter. On your program business, I saw that that's one of the only lines where you actually had some growth. Could you let us know what's happening there? Did you have a new program in that business?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, actually we have three new programs that some of them we introduced in the first quarter, some in the second and they're starting to get some traction. So, that's.....our program business is behaving well from a rate point of view, flattish overall and then by adding new opportunities, you see a little bit of growth.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Vinay, about half the growth you see... we talked about this last year, but about a year or so ago, we reduced the amount of quota share reinsurance repurchase, so about half the growth you see in program.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: On a net basis.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On a net basis, which is why he is looking at simply from the reduction in quota share ceded the balance is growth net.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. In this environment are you really seeing opportunities for new programs, given that everyone is having pressure on the top line? How hard is it for you to find new programs?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: It very hard for us. Don't forget, we see a hundred a year and we do a couple maybe three, and they got to be specialized. I'll give you an example, I mean the new stuff that we're doing is highly specialized, it's heat ventilation, air condition contractors. We're doing some water and sewer contractors hat. They specialize to the point that you need that expertise to be able to do it, so it eliminates some of the competition, if they don't understand the sector for... the more difficult classes you need to better underwriters and you need knowledge to do it. So it is from that perspective, because we're not interested in writing undifferentiated program that they just write package policies for run of the mill competing with the standard markets, that's not what we're all about.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Sure. On the surety side, I know you guys are a small player, but sort of top 10 player. Are you seeing any trends of higher claims in that business?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I mean that surely is a credit line business and it's kind of lumpy either you... but we haven't seen it front of additional clients. What we see is that, yes, from a production point of view, we have less volume because some contractors are not getting as many jobs as they used to. Also the companies including ours are looking to have... we're looking for more collateral, better credit analysis, more of a view that the credit crunch is not behind us. So for that reason, it eliminates some of the volume that you're doing. But we haven't seen uptick in defaults.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we are however... we are cognizant of the environment we're in and so from an underwriting posture standpoint, we're definitely taking a cautious approach there.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: And the contractors are exposed to, are they on the residential side or are they on the public work side?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's mostly on the public work side with the exception of our... and we talked about this in past calls. We write a lot of subdivision bonds, but that business is down significantly because nobody is subdividing new tracks now for... and the experience on our subdivision bond business has been extremely good because it's the first part even a residential contractor does and usually they complete that because they can't stop building unless all the utilities and roads and services are in.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: And will this business have been written on a claim made basis, so if you're not seeing the claims you're done?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's not... its contract-by-contract, it's not claims. It's a completion work, so in essence some of it they take a year or two, some of them they take two to three. Once you complete the project, you're off the bond.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Okay. So it's more or like in a currency policy, alright. Finally, on the share buyback, you bought back over 10% of your stock last year, 8% first half. I mean how much do you see yourselves buying the stock? Do you see yourself buying about 10% of a company each year? Is that the run rate?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, here we have an authorization that has $461 million remaining and basically there is different events that determine what we will do with share repurchases. First foremost is our earnings. If we continue to generate excess capital and we cannot deploy that capital in the business because of market conditions, we're not going to hold capital within the company; we're going to return it to its rightful owners the shareholders. And we chose share repurchase as the proper vehicle based where our share price is, which we believe a biased opinion by us. It does not reflect intrinsic value of the company as to where the stock is trading. Now if situations change, either because there is significant cat activity and earnings get impacted or for whatever reason, and we're not anticipating this that, there is event that changed the market, and we can deploy capital on the underwriting side. Of course, we're going to change our posture. But, the way we see things today, we believe we're going to continue with share purchases periodically on that basis, trying to distribute the excess capital back to shareholders. If our share price continues to be attractive to buy, we'll do a share repurchases. If the market rewards our efforts with a different share price, there might be other vehicles to return excess capital to shareholders, hedges, extra on our dividends, or special dividends.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: So, that's good. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line Matthew Heimermann with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Yes, good morning. I almost fall asleep there. No offense to you. Couple of questions; just securities lendings, your commitments there. Is there anything happening, anything in the credit environment that makes you more or less excited about that?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. Well, actually there is two things that is going to drive that. One, it's a function of what you have, what type of security you own. Predominantly, it's treasuries that get loaned. And then the second thing you got to be very careful about there is, what kind of the risk you take when you invest in collateral. And, we've always taken a very conservative approach there. We do everything and i.e. we're not going to effectively borrow short length loan, which can get you in trouble. And it's gotten some people in trouble, and we're not looking to take a lot credit risk, when we do that. And they're interrelated, because, obviously, if you take, you go out longer, you take interest rate risk and you take more credit risk. So, our volume of what we've lent has declined. That's a function of the makeup of the portfolio. The actual earnings declined somewhat in the second quarter versus the first, but that's because in the first quarter, the premium you were being paid for lender securities was extraordinarily high, you know 10x what you might otherwise ordinarily expect. So, again, we think it's an area, it's like everything. Everything you do has risk in it. You have to be aware of the risks. And then it comes down to your risk appetite. Our view there is we're not looking to take a lot of risk at all, if we can edge some marginal earnings with minimal risks, we'll do it. But, we're not going to take a lot of risk on the lending side.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. That's fair. And then, I can't recall whether or not, you have any preferred stocks?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: We do not own any preferred stocks.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. I wanted to make sure I wasn't missing any non-redeemable. And then, I guess, did you quantify the risk classes in the quarter at all, was that something you can do?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we did not quantify that. You're always going to get some. I think, we quantified them in one of the units. I don't have that of hand. But, they were... you're probably looking at $20 million to $30 million of what were unusual.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. There is always some level of average risk classes you expect in the quarter.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. That's fair. Nothing else. Have a great weekend guys.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you,
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Please proceed.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Yes, good morning. A couple of quick question here. First, on the other insurance line, can you just tell us what areas you're actually growing there? I know there is a couple of things that makes up that other insurance area. It's the excess comp business right in the access?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is not growing.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's not growing. This quarter it's growing. And it's some miscellaneous stuff. So, there is not... it's just a small line.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we have that small lending program in there... there is nothing big in there.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: there is nothing big in there. We do some--
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But, with respect to comp, well, that book is not growing, the excess workers comp.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay, good. Next question, your PMLs went up modestly. Is that because of business that you're taking in from Flatiron, or keeping on your books? Or did you just have some pretty good successes, several renewals in the reinsurance area?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, actually, most of it... the PMS... the dollar, the expected loss didn't move very much, the PML didn't move. Equity capital actually went down a little and that's as much responsible for that slight change in that ratio.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: So, how were 71 renewals?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: They were as expected, pretty good. Their rates went down a bit, single-digits. But we pick and choose our spots. With Flatiron, we had a bigger portfolio to look, and we're pick and choose the opportunities that we felt gave us the better returns. And that's what we've bound.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, actually, was an interesting phenomenon, because 71s were better on... we're talking of property cat now.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Yes.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: U.S property cat and we know it's mostly Florida at that point. The 71s were actually better than the 61s. And from what we could determine, what we saw was some people --
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Run out of capacities.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ran out of capacities. So, we were able to do some things at 71, that were much, more attractive than what some of what we saw at 61.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Okay. And then last question, could you comment about loss cost inflation, I mean, you put your lost sticks up in the casualty and long tail lines. Is that largely due to loss cost inflation of pricing or it was going on--
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's mostly because of pricing. I mean, it's pricing and you do have some loss cost inflation. But, nothing is moving dramatically. Still, to a great extent, I think, frequency is leveling off, it was coming down, severity is up taking a bit, and you got to go on the buy line. But, we're giving upgrades. So, that's the effect on the loss and loss adjustment expense. And, we think the industry year-over-year if you take '07 to '08, it would be probably on average up 3 to 4 loss ratio points, as an industry. And we're not going to be immune from that. As much as we try to focus people to good underwriting, and not walk away from accounts, but really the stupid deal is out there. You're still part of the industry. And you, your loss ratio is going to get effected.
Matthew Heimermann - JP Morgan: Great. Thank you.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jay Cohen with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: I guess lot of my questions were answered, and giving good answers, thank you. Just a couple of things, just as more of a clarification. The... where you are releasing some of the longer tail reserves? My assumption is, those are the older accident years, '03, let's say '04 maybe.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Jay. We predominantly --
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is the '05
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: '05 and prior, with most of it coming out of '04 and prior.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And as claims made in this, some of it is high excess to, right.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Which is consistent, with what you've been saying for the last five years. So, and maybe, just a follow up to the last question on claims inflation. You pick up the paper, you read a lot of inflation throughout the economy, and you know some of that's going to seep into insurance claims. It sounds as if, you haven't seen it yet. But, when you guys are doing the underwriting, and your actuaries are looking at pricing assumptions. Are you building in a kind of escalation in claims inflation?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Yes, we do. And, we try to take also a forward look, and... for example, we're very much concerned about the high-end of the property business, because we're not immune to when steel prices, they're going up 40%, 50% and other commodities. Yes, labor, might be coming down a bit, et cetera. But we try to factor that in, it's not that easy to have that forward look. But, our actuaries when they decide, to get with the underwriters on how they're going to project future pricing, and create the benchmark pricing that we measure everything, renew our business, or new business, they take that into consideration. And sometimes we're right, and sometimes we're wrong in our projections.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jay, I mean, some lines like executive assurance, we're using more longer term averages, because if you look backwards, claim inflation is very benign. And, you've to be careful that looking backwards, you don't lose sight of what can happen going forward. So, they periodically are reviewing every line of business, and updating the expected claims inflation for each line and that, that's not only factored into our pricing, but it's factored into our reserving as well.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: As you talk with other executives in the business, Dinos and John, I'm sure you have a kind of consistent dialogue with folks. Do you get a sense that everyone's getting a little concerned about this, or are people a little bit too comfortable with the recent past, which has been more than--
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think they're concerned. Don't forget... I don't... and there is lines of business that the uptick has nothing to do with inflation. The uptick has to do with economic conditions. For example, the workers comp line; it's going to get affected with soft tissue injuries, people that they get laid off, all of a sudden they are backwards and they are own [ph] et cetera and they're going to put claims in and a lot of those claims, I wouldn't call them fraudulent claims, but I'm going g to call them claims that you wouldn't have in the past because, if somebody's working, he takes an advil and he goes to work and its okay, and when he's not working, he goes to that doctor and he puts in a claim. So, and companies and senior executives, they're aware of that, and they are starting to look at it. Same thing will all our liability especially on the trucking fleets and all that is maintenance going down. That has an effect on frequency, and in essence the severity of losses. So, we try to factor that in especially for those of us who have a grey hair, and been around cycles that in a bound... independent of the insurance cycle, in a downturn economic cycle, you will get an uptick on claims and you're going to get an uptick on course.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: That's great and I did know John had grey hair actually.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I didn't say no hair, but what little I have is grey.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: And your next question is a follow up question from the line of Dan Johnson with Citadel. Please proceed.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: Great, thanks. Just sort of carrying on the steam, from a market point of view if the belief is, call it four points of... three or four point of loss ratio deterioration in '08. And if there is not a whole lot of sign of a change in the pricing trend and we're concerned about the potential implications of inflation, which haven't shown themselves in current loss ratios. Why isn't the... I don't know first starting point for '09, something north of 4 points from an industry point of view?
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Dan, I'm not saying with certainty that is going to be three points, four points or five points. I mean in this business and that's the reason you see usually more conservative on the insurance side. I wouldn't say less conservative, but more comfortable on the insurance because we have the ability to price on a quarter-to-quarter basis, on a month-to-month basis and you navigate the shifts so to speak based on what you see in the marketplace and what's coming through and we will continue to do that. If I was that good progressed a predictor of what's going to happen, we will have more precision. You might be right by putting in your models a 5% or even a 6%, I don't know, we haven't seen it. One thing I will tell you, when we look at own numbers, between the first quarter rate reductions and the second quarter, the second quarter rate reductions is slightly less than the first quarter. The data shows it, and it's not because D&O financial institutions went up, or commercial D&O is. It's kind of across the board, if it was 10, now it's 8, if it was 11, it's now 9, or something of that sort. But I can't tell you what the third quarter is going to do, and I can't tell you what the fourth quarter is going to do, because I have seen competition heat up for the wrong reason. Somebody is trying to make their budgets in the fourth quarter for the year, and all of a sudden you get an anticipated competition. You got to factor that into what you do. And that's why, basically, I spend most my time and John, talking to our units, and trying to have our fingers on the pauses to what's happening quarter-to-quarter. So, if you want to project 5 or 6, I'm not going to be the guy who is going to dispute that. You might be right.
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investment Group: No, I'd appreciate your thought. Thank you.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Quite welcome.
Operator: And at this time, we've no questions in queue.
Constantine Lordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you everybody for giving us time, and listening to us. And we're looking forward to the next quarter. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Iordanou - President and CEO John D. Vollaro - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers Susan Spivak - Wachovia Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse Brian Meredith - UBS
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 Arch Capital Group Earnings Conference Call. My name is Eric, I will be your coordinator for today. And at this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions]. Before the company gets started with this update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessment and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risk and other factors that may affect the future performance, investors should review the periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time to time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company intends these forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation of GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. And I will now like to turn your presentation over to your host for today's call, Dinos Iordanou and John Vollaro. You may begin gentlemen.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Eric, and good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Against the backdrop of a more challenging underwriting environment and an extremely volatile investment climate, we are really very pleased with our performance and the results we have achieved. Our book value per share, including the effects of our share repurchases, increased to $56.92, a 21.4% increase from the end of the first quarter of 2007. Our after-tax operating income for the first quarter was $2.97 per share, which represents a 21.9% annualized return on average common equity. Cash flow from operations continues to be strong at $335 million for the quarter. John, as usual, will give you a more detailed analysis on our financials in a few minutes. But before I turn it over to him, let me comment on our two businesses, insurance and reinsurance and also some comments on general market conditions. On the underwriting side, the market continues to be challenging with increased competition in almost every line of business we underwrite. As underwriters of specialty lines, we have technical knowledge, expertise, and experience, a key to underwriting performance. We believe we have a competitive advantage. Over the past six [ph] years, we carefully selected a team of great underwriters in both of our businesses and we have equipped them with the best available underwriting tools. Their underwriting performance and discipline gives us the competitive advantage we seek. We are proud of our teams and the performance they have achieved so far and we are confident in their ability to navigate through this more challenging environment. On the asset side, the extreme volatility that affected the credit markets has had minimal effect on our portfolio. Our subprime exposures are relatively small and this is true both on the asset side, but also the liability side of our balance sheet. Now let's turn to our businesses, our reinsurance group net premiums declined by 7.9% in the aggregate, due predominantly to market conditions. Average rates continue to decline at a low double-digit level, with terms and conditions generally holding except for request for increased ceding commissions. In reaction to the current market conditions, we continue to adjust our book of business. Our casualty lines, which includes professional liability and D&O, in our reinsurance sector were down 27%, and our marine and aviation lines were down 49%. On the other hand, our property cat book grew by 32%. With the termination of our Flatiron facility, we have the opportunity to choose to increase our participation on existing business. Where we believe the returns are most attractive, we have increased our participation, but always staying within our risk management limitations. We will continue to apply the same principles to the second quarter renewals based on our underwriter's evaluation of the relative attractiveness of the accounts that come up for renewals. Our insurance operations saw a reduction in net written premium of 6%. Rates were down 8% to 12% in most lines. The exceptions were in our program business, in which rates were basically flat and in our professional liability book, which saw a 1% reduction for the quarter. Our program and professional liability books are predominantly comprised of small accounts. The other exception was in our executive assurance unit, where financial institutions’ D&O moved to a flat rate change for the quarter overall. However, positive rate increases were achieved during the last month of the quarter. In January and February, rates decreased, while in March we achieved a 6% increase. And our April 1 renewals were up over 10%. More recently some accounts that have had claims are seeing increases in the 200% to 500% range. It's too early to tell if this trend will continue, but the market is adjusting to subprime losses and the accounts who have caused them. From a volume point of view, we had the most significant reduction in casualty, healthcare, and surety and growth in property, marine, and aviation, travel accident, and Wexford, which is our excess workers’ compensation facility. Now, before I turn it over to John, let me update you on our PML aggregates. As of April 1st, our 1-in-250 year PML for a single event, expressed as a percentage of common equity, was approximately 22% with Tri-County, Florida, and Northeast windstorm being the largest exposed zones. This is a slight increase over the 20% we reported last quarter. We currently expect that after the 07/01 [ph] renewals that PML may increase slightly from these levels, but that will be not a significant change. With that, let me turn it over to John to go through our financials. John?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dinos. Good morning everybody. As Dinos indicated, our first quarter results are a good start to the year with a return on equity of 22% driving growth and book value per share in excess of 3% despite the extreme level of volatility in the financial markets. As usual, I will briefly walk through the key components of our financial results starting with the top line. Dinos has already commented in some detail on premium volume, but there are few additional items of note. On a trailing 12 months basis, premiums written by the insurance segment represented 66% of our gross volume and 60% of our net volume, while property and other short-tail lines now represent approximately 44% of our net premium written. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net to gross written premium in 2008 increased to approximately 77% from 72% in the 2007 quarter, primarily as a result of the non-renewal of the Flatiron treaty. On a reported basis, we ceded $18 million of written premium to Flatiron in the first quarter of 2008 and $109 million in the prior-year quarter. On an earned basis, premium ceded under this treaty amounted to $59 million for the first quarter of 2008 in comparison with $66 million ceded during the 2007 first quarter. The override in estimated profit commission recorded on the treaty with Flatiron are reflected as a reduction of the acquisition expenses of the reinsurance segment, which improved the expense ratio of that segment by 330 basis points in the 2008 quarter, while the impact on their expense ratio in the comparable 2007 period was 280 basis points. The increase in ceding commission was due to a higher level of profit sharing, driven by low cat activity in 2008 and reserve releases on business written in prior periods. The unearned premium on the business ceded to Flatiron was approximately $105 million at March 31st, 2008. We expect that an additional $10 million to $15 million of written premium on existing contracts will be ceded to Flatiron. Most of the ceded premium yet to be earned and the related fees, including profit sharing if there is any, will be reflected in earnings during the balance of 2008. Turning to underwriting results. Underwriting income per share for the first quarter of 2008 was $1.45 in comparison with $1.63 per share recorded in the first quarter of last year. On a consolidated basis, the combined ratio was 86.2% in the 2008 quarterly period, which is slightly higher than the comparable 2007 quarter. These outstanding underwriting results were due in part to the continuation of excellent underwriting results in the property and marine business of the reinsurance segment, as well as to favorable development of prior year’s reserves. The difference in combined ratio on a quarter-over-quarter basis resulted from increases in both the loss and expense ratios. The increase in the loss ratio primarily was attributable to an increase in catastrophe and large individual risk losses in short-tail lines, as well as to an increase in our loss fixed for intermediate and long-tail business over the past 12 months. These effects were partially offset by the shift in the overall mix of business towards short-tail business, which generally has lower loss ratios relative to longer tail lines and also by an increase in the amount of favorable development. On a consolidated basis, favorable development, net of related adjustments to acquisition expenses, totaled $57 million in the 2008 quarter compared to $43 million recorded in the first quarter of 2007. A significant portion of the net favorable development in the 2008 quarter was attributable to short and medium-tail lines. In general, reported and paid claim activity across most lines of business remained at favorable levels, and IBNR and ACRs combined remained at approximately 75% of total loss reserves. The consolidated expense ratio was also higher on a quarter-over-quarter basis. About one-fourth of the increase in the ratio was due to the addition of our facultative operations, as we continue to expense the cost of the start-up operation. The balance is attributable to the lag between lower premium volume and steps that are underway to reduce operating costs. Turning to investment results, you may have noted that we have broken out separately the results of certain funds that invest in fixed maturity securities. We moved to this disclosure because the legal structure of these investments requires us to equity account for them, which means that unrealized gains or losses are reflected in the income statement rather than directly in the balance sheet. This is contrary to the way we account for our other fixed maturity securities. Most of the securities underlying these funds are secured bank loans, a sector in which we have recently increased our participation given the attractiveness of current market conditions in that area. Pre-tax net investment income per share in the 2008 quarter increased by approximately 25% on a quarter-over-quarter basis to $1.80. The growth in investment income per share on a quarter-over-quarter basis is primarily due to a level of higher average investable assets. This increase was generated by cash flow from operations, which amounted to approximately $335 million for the 2008 quarter and $1.4 billion on a trailing 12 months basis. After reflecting share repurchases, which I’ll comment on detail in a moment, investable assets rose to approximately $10.2 billion at March 31 and the portfolio is healthy and well positioned. Taking into account yields, realized and unrealized gains, and investments accounted for under the equity method, the total pre-tax return on the portfolio was approximately 1% for the first quarter of 2008, an acceptable result considering the market dislocations encountered in the quarter. The pre-tax yield of the fixed-income portfolio in the quarter was 4.88%. This represented an increase of 4 basis points over the comparable 2007 yield, while it was 16 basis points lower on a sequential basis. The increase in investment income yield on a quarter-over-quarter basis primarily resulted from higher interest rates embedded in the portfolio, as the portfolio's average credit quality remain near the AAA level. In addition, the 2008 quarter included $3.4 million of interest income resulting from a favorable arbitration decision, which had no impact on the reported yield I just gave you. During the quarter, the reported duration of the portfolio increased slightly to 3.5 years. The change in duration is not the effect of an increase in the level of interest rate risk in the portfolio. It was primarily attributable to the manner in which duration is calculated for the municipal component of the portfolio. Portfolio continues to be comprised primarily of high-quality, fixed-income securities with essentially no investment in hedge of private equity funds. As we did last quarter, we have included additional data on the mortgage-backed securities in the portfolio on page 12 of the release. In addition on page 11, we have included information on our asset-backed securities. I encourage you to review the information on both of these sectors. Our balance sheet remains in excellent shape and our financial flexibility remains strong with total capital amounting to $4.3 billion at quarter-end and with debt in the hybrids representing less than 15% of total capital. With respect to capital management, during the first quarter of '08, we repurchased approximately 2.7 million common shares for a consideration of $190 million, which represents an average price per share of roughly $69 or 1.21 times book value per share at quarter-end. At March 31st, we had approximately 273 million remaining available under the current share repurchase authorization. On a weighted average basis, the share repurchase were accretive to earnings per share by approximately $0.26 for the 2008 quarter. The effect would have been 28% of full weight given to them in the quarter. Moreover, the repurchases enhanced ROE for the 2008 quarter by approximately 250 basis points. For the quarter, share repurchases, net of accretion, reduced book value per share by approximately $0.25, while since the inception of the program share repurchases, net of accretion, again have reduced book value per share by approximately $1.70. In summary for 2008 operating results and our capital management initiatives produced an ROE of about 22%, and book value per share despite the short-term effect of the share repurchases and the extraordinary volatility in the financial markets grew by more than 3%. Eric, with that, that concludes our prepared remarks, we are ready to take questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator instruction]. Your first question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker with Citi. Please proceed.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Good morning. I have a number of small tedious questions about these investment fund bank loans.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: What kind of yields are you getting in comparison to the stuff via the general portfolio yield on these investments?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, there is nothing included on the yield in the portfolio yield I gave you. So I want to be clear about that. The yields we are getting here are superior over the yield. The reason we went and we put you… we had a call hold in this a year ago and it was very insignificant. We built it towards... significantly towards the end of the year and into the first quarter for the following reasons. One spreads on these assets widened very, very dramatically that... that widening obviously occurred all through the rest of the first quarter, but spreads went to a very, very wide level and remember these are secured assets, it's the diversified portfolios among a number of credit managers. Secondly, while treasury or risk-free rates were falling in this environment to levels that make them relatively unattractive, these notes predominantly are floating rates notes. So they protect what you wind up with is essentially no or little interest rate risk but capturing the credit spreads on them. So that's what made this attractive to us. We continue to like the area and we think that over time it's going to add to our total return of the portfolio which is what we are worried about primarily and to book value per share.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay. In terms of the accounting change, why this quarter?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The reason for it this quarter, with hindsight, we probably should have been doing this the whole time. It has been insignificant up to this point. With the significant increase we put in there when you considered a fact that their fixed income securities just like the rest of the portfolio but the accounting on them is completely contrary. We don't believe, it makes any sense to account for them in that manner. And Josh, I would note that this is not an accounting change, it's a presentation change. We laid it out for people and you're obviously everyone is welcome to interpret it anyway they want it and place it where they want. But we feel pretty strongly that this is the right place for it, and this is where you see it in the future. So it's not a case of, it's going to be in and out quarter-to-quarter.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And about the reduction in the value or the unrealized loss from that during this quarter.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's a result of wider spreads over the course of the quarter. We believe these securities are money good and that the total returns on them is going to be very attractive. We bought them at discounts to the original spreads, so timing was reasonable but spreads did continue to increase during the quarter and that's the reason for the difference in value.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, especially and towards the end of the quarter.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, especially the last two weeks in March.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And where do these valuations come from?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The valuations are provided by the managers but we have a whole elaborate procedure in place to make sure, under the new accounting rules, to make sure that these are tradable securities. So they're based on market observations, they are not Level 3 assets. We have next to or the amount of Level 3 assets we have is negligible.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's less than 0.5% on a $10.2 billion portfolio?
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay. Well, very good. I have more questions, so I'll get back in the queue because I don't want to dominate. Thank you very much.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb with Lehman Brothers.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Thanks and good morning. Given the... a lot of moving parts with regard to Flatiron, I thought it might be helpful if you can give us a sense of gross and net written premium and home premium trends may be for the balance of 2007?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, John.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, on that Jay, as you know, as we've said many times we don't provide guidance. So it's very hard for us to give you any specifics on that. Clearly, as you saw in the first quarter we did increase our participation and we did grow on the reinsurance side which is where Flatiron was being for those who are not familiar was business written basically cat-exposed business written by our Bermuda reinsurance operations and ceded to Flatiron. So we did step up our participation more on the pure property cat XOL side than we did on the property pro-rata side but that's an underwriter’s decision based on where they see the relative attractiveness of the business. It’s hard to know for sure that we had a 6.1, 7.1 renewals which will come up shortly, those are two major renewal periods. We have the existing portfolio, as Dino has pointed out in his remarks its... we have the right to decide whether we want to keep the same size line, cut the line back, or withdraw it totally or write new business. So, we still like the property business. We think that the cat exposed property reinsurance particularly in the US exposed areas is still very attractive from a risk-adjusted return standpoint. So we expect to be active at that period. Where the numbers come out will depend on what pricing across the time and what we believe... what part of that the spectrum we think is attractive enough to want a ride in and step up on.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: And to add to what John said, as you saw our 1-in-250 year PML moved significantly, moved by a couple of points. And the reason being is that it allows us since we have this renewable our underwriters not only look at the relative pricing and return expectation of the specific deal but also we have this business is adding to the PML. So, they have the ability to optimize the portfolio. If we have zones, our PML is at low in relation to other parts of the country then that's the kind of deals that they get priority and that's the kind of deals that we increase our participation. So it's pretty attractive for us to be in that situation.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: I see. Okay. And then on a separate issue we've heard some of the largest carriers in the D&O space essentially saying they don't see that much of a change on the impact from the credit crunch on D&O and E&O, would you agree with that?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, like I said in my prepared remarks, it's too early to tell. I can give you... listen we’re a [inaudible] of that because we don't have significant exposure in the sector. In the last call if you go back to our prepared remarks in the notes you'll see we gave all that information. So I don't want to repeat it. Having said that, our rate monitoring systems gave us kind of flattish first quarter numbers for D&O and financial institutions. When you analyze it further it was negative in January and February, positive in March to average to zero and then April 1 renewals they were even further up with the little over the 10% and also we've seen accounts, not particularly accounts we were on, but accounts that they gave losses to the market coming to the market for renewals and we've seen 200% to 500% increases in a few isolated instances. Is that a trend? I don't know. I'm just reporting the facts to you guys, you can make your judgments. What we told our underwriters is we always wanted to be smart underwriters and react to the market conditions and make underwriting decisions by what is presented to us today, not yesterday or tomorrow.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jay let me just say one thing, may be the source of confusion is we are talking specifically about the Financial Institution segment of the D&O business. The rest of the business we would probably agree, we haven't seen much change. It's still double digit down on the commercial D&O. So, but on the Financial Institutions I do think... I don't recall what was that, but I do think on another call, another one of the major players indicated they also were seeing improvement in the Financial Institution section.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Right. Okay. And then final, there was a big frequency of large loss events that I think hit the reinsurance sector globally. Do you think that's enough to tighten things out for mid-year renewals or see a reversal or at least a flattening of the downward trend in pricing?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, other than the specific accounts that some that are coming to renewals and this is more from the primary side, not the reinsurance side. And don't forget these large loss, you are talking about the $5.5 billion or so in large risk losses that it’s been the worst first quarter in the last 20 years from a risk loss point of view. We haven't really seen the market react across the board. On the few accounts that they're up for renewals and there were subject to losses, as any account would subject to losses, there is some sort of an adjustment but right now based on what we're seeing in the market we don't see those losses changing the trends, or still downward pressure on the property business. If you have a couple of quarters like that, I don't know what's going to happen, but it's only one quarter and like I said if you go back for the last 20 years, this is the worst quarter in 20 years. It doesn't mean that second quarter or third quarter or fourth quarter is going to be the same. Large losses happen randomly and sometimes there is averages quarter-to-quarter, it’s the long-term averages that we more worry about.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jay, it might be similar to what's going on in D&O although we haven't seen any evidence of this yet and that is there were sectors within the various lines which were hit harder than others, we'll see whether or not it has a similar impact where those losses if they continue it might have effect on may be improving sectors. But we certainly don't think it's going to turn the whole market.
Jay Gelb - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Susan Spivak with Wachovia. Please proceed.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning, Dinos and John. Dinos, I was hoping that you could just clarify for me the comment that you made about PML. You talked about the fact that they're going to increase or could increase slightly as at 7:1. Is that both on the insurance and reinsurance side? Are you buying less reinsurance… reinsurance on your insurance book or selling more reinsurance? I'm not really understanding like what's going on with your retentions on the insurance side?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right. There is no change in our retentions on the insurance side. Usually most of our PML comes from the reinsurance side of our business because we... usually our net underwriters on the reinsurance side, I would say you roughly out of every $5 of PML, $4 comes from the reinsurance side and one from the insurance. On the insurance side, we always buy reinsurance although you have to… the 250 year event and that's strategy hasn't changed and we continue to buy and usually we like to keep about $100 million of retention within the insurance group anyone event. So the moment if we're going up or down is going to happen on our reinsurance side and as you saw I mean our increase, it was slight, you saw a lot more movement on that portfolio from a premium point of view, but PML increase wasn't that significant from last quarter to this quarter and we always do projections. Our systems they have these ability to dynamically making some assumptions as to which accounts we are going to renew and which accounts might not renew to even have a forward look before we are going to start the season as to what our PML is because we got to manage those PMLs tightly and we do it as a matter of risk management practices and as a matter of conscience to make sure that our balance sheet remains always strong. So the slight increase is what I believe is kind of forward-looking anticipation what rates are going to be in the second quarter and what success we're going to have in writing that business and filling buckets that we might not have as much as we would like to have without really significantly changing the peak zone PMLs which right now is the Northeast and they would... Miami, Broward County.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. If I could follow up, could you also comment on your views of when we'll start to see some Bermuda market consolidations?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I don't know, I'm not an investment banker, I'm not in that business. There is people who would like to dance but we would like to underwrite.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. So okay, well, thank you.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Cholnoky with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. I have got three questions. Number one, I just want to go back to this net to gross a little bit, John. As you... on the reinsurance side, as you looked at how this year was going to unfold, is a 94% net to gross, does that kind of fit into where you thought that would come out or is there something unusual driving that high. I understand that you’ll… as high as it is, and I understand that you have options to change what you ceded to Flatiron. What we are just trying to grasp is, is that kind of a reasonable rate for the quarter or is there something influencing that perhaps that would be a bit higher than what you would have expected?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, actually the opposite because what you got... as Dino said before, we are typically a net lines underwriter on the reinsurance side.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Right.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Flatiron was essentially all of the outgoing, there is some common account that works in there. So…
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So... go ahead.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 94 will probably tend to creep up over the course of the year.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: And it will probably approach 100.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it won't get quite to 100 because on some quota shares, we buy the common account but it will probably move towards the 97, 98 area.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's fine, that's great. Now secondly, just in your comments, Dinos, about the overall market and based on what other people are saying about the outlook for pricing and opportunities as the year unfolds, is there anything that you could do to change or to provide some growth opportunities beyond what we saw… I mean your premiums are shrinking, is there anything in the horizon that would change that trend or…? And what I’m probably trying to get out is when you think about your premium volume down 7% for the quarter, is that a trend that given the market conditions is going to be hard for you to change in any meaningful way?
Constantine Iordanou – President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean you can never predict the future, Tom, but what… we’re making assumptions on the basis that the market is not going to improve in the next couple of years, '08, '09 and maybe even '10, will probably be tough years where you've got to bunk it down and underwrite.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. And that's when…
Constantine Iordanou – President and Chief Executive Officer: Having said that, there is usually unusual events that happen. For us, one, we have fac re guys, they're getting more traction and getting… we're very pleased with their performance so far, and we're hoping that performance will continue and we have no reason not to believe it will. It's a long-term opportunity we had with Gulf Re to make an investment in a part of the world, in a region that is growing very fast and we have the capabilities to underwrite specialty lines, which is basically where the need is. Now, the one-off unusual events is that we're hearing of transactions in the market that might or might not require significant reinsurance support in order for companies to see their balance sheet improve, so they can get more ability to either issue debt or other hybrid securities in order for them to make these transactions. Those... and we've been getting calls on those, in Europe, and in some cases, in the US, those are going to be one-off for reinsurers that they might want to participate in getting some business off companies’ balance sheets in order for them to be able to move forward with those transactions. But, I can't predict that. So if your question is about what we believe is going to happen, it's steady as we go. We're going to underwrite on a daily basis if that requires us to be shrinking by 5% to 10%, so be it. I think the winners in this game over the next two to three years is the ones that they… they have the most disciplined underwriting performance in the marketplace and as a matter of fact, I'm spending most of my time working with our troops around the country to understand the message, but more importantly, practice the message because underwriters don't like to lose. They… there is market pressure, they want to write business, that's what makes them successful and management has to continue to re-emphasize that. Top line is not what's important to us. Profitability and bottom line is what's important to us, and we keep reinforcing that message as loud and as clear as we can. You can never over-communicate in a market like this.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: Yes. And my last question just has to do with capital management and how we should think about that because clearly, you were quite aggressive in the first quarter, noting that you bought back stock at 1.2 times book, given that you've grown your book, presumably, the stock is still very attractive at these levels. Yet, you only have $270 million left in your authorization. If you continue to go at the rate that you're going at, you're going to quickly run out of anymore buyback capacity, and what is your… what are your views in terms of balancing the lack of growth with perhaps continuing to be very aggressive in buying back the shares?
Constantine Iordanou – President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our view has not changed. In our capital management, we have… number one principle is, we will always maintain a very strong balance sheet. We like to… the ratings we have, we would like to be a strong rated company. We always have discussions with the rating agencies and because that is fundamental to our business and our customers and it's important. Having said that, we accumulate excess capital and we can't put it to work, the best way to do it is to return it to shareholders. And at 1.2 times book or 1.3 times book is a no-brainer but the proper way to return it is by share repurchases. So where we are today is where we are today. We get Board meetings once a quarter and this is always a standing discussion with our Board, where is the capital account of the company, what are the prospects of using that capital in our business and based on that, we make decisions and but I can’t... if you take my last comment that there might be unusual large opportunities that might come out because of M&A activity that it will allow reinsurers to write big reinsurance transactions, that might change what we do, but I can't predict the future, I wish I was that smart. If I was that smart, I’d be a lot wealthier, but I'm not that smart, I can't predict the future.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: You have done it right, Dinos. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Heimermann with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning, everyone. I just had a couple of quick questions, I guess, and I don't mean to harp… this isn’t meant to harp and I'm probably thinking… over-thinking this, but in your insurance business, there were a lot of comparing growth rates last year to what we saw in the first quarter of this year, particularly like property, marine, aviation, the construction business, professional liability that we basically had kind of the inverted trends that we did in the second half of last year and I wondered if there was anything... any trend worth highlighting there or just don't… that we’re focused on a quarter?
Constantine Iordanou – President and Chief Executive Officer: Matt, it’s a great observation. Two things, if you noticed, we pointed out in the footnote that we broke certain lines out differently. So surety, for instance, which we were including in construction and national accounts is now broken separately and we moved the classification of another one. We...
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: I generally had those... I added those back so even there I got…
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, but you can't... trend wise, you don't have the other quarters. So it's hard for you to note they were... we are going to put that information in our 10-Q.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So you will get it. With respect… what you see... what you see though is the only area where the trend did look different. Your comment is right on, it is the property, marine, and aviation and that's driven mostly by seasonal factors and the way the business is written. So there is definitely seasonality within that group between sort of the second half of the year and the beginning of the next year. So if you look quarter-over-quarter, for instance, you see a different trend than if you look from the third and fourth quarters into the first quarter of this year.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay. That is helpful. And then the other... Dinos, this is for you and again, I don't know from… I am over-thinking this, but you are starting to see the professional liability market respond to some of these losses and obviously, you are seeing dramatic increases in FI and it's having enough impact with things, the whole market looks like it’s stabilizing, but most folks continue to kind of say, we think this is not going to be enough to really impact results. So I guess, is there a disconnect between the market firming and people saying, this isn’t a big deal or are we in store for perhaps more bad news than people realize?
Constantine Iordanou – President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I think the market is being consistent. We looked at this, 42 is the Sunday, and when... and don't forget, we are not a big participant, but we are in the matter and we know what's going on. When you add up all the limits for the companies that they are in trouble, you hear people throwing numbers at $5 billion and $6 billion and $10 billion, we don't agree with that. We see this to be somewhere in the $3 billion, $3.5 billion in short losses, and this is on the D&O side, I am not talking about E&O and with that, based on the size of the management liability business, the executive assurance business, I don't think it’s significant to change the trend. Having said that, I don't think it is inconsistent to see the market react specifically to a particular sector. The banks, the mortgage brokers, some of the homebuilders, etcetera. So, that's why my remarks that we’re trying to be more specific that it was only in the financial institutions D&O, and the real big adjustments there were on companies that they had some issues that caused losses to the market. Now, I can't predict if that's a trend that is going to continue, and I said so. It's early indication that there is a cause and effect in the marketplace and underwriters are not totally stupid. They do react to situations and they make adjustments and I was pleased to see it because it was a market adjustment, it wasn't just one company or two, it was across-the-board for that narrow segment. And let me just add on it because some of the noise you might be getting with what you would call… what you termed disconnect might be the fact that, we... the losses on this will not be distributed symmetrically across the marketplace. So primary… it's our view, the primary writers will absorb more than excess writers and then after that, it's a function of whether people are underweight, overweight, the financial institution sections going in. We happen to be underweight. So for us, it's an opportunity where if rates go up a lot, we can add a lot of rate and we are not looking at that much coming at us from the past. So you may get different views from different people because the losses are going to be distributed unevenly in the market.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay, that's fair. And then just one other question, it's my understanding that the reinsurance that folks would purchase for a lot of the D&O is predominately proportional. So I don't know if this is an easy question to answer or not. But are you seeing the same reaction by... I guess are you seeing a similar reaction by reinsurers in the D&O space? I mean, obviously they’ll benefit from the primary increases but are they reacting even more or less, I would say, with respect to terms and conditions, ceding commissions, or other things with respect to economics to what you are seeing in the primary market?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean we’ve been on a... we’ve been a supporter of these lines from a reinsurance point of view. But we have... as we reported in prior quarters, we’ve been cutting our participation significantly over the last almost three years, two-and-a-half, three years. And it was different factors causing at first. We were seeing... even before the subprime, we were seeing the rate erosion and with a little more caution reinsurance wise [inaudible] pro rata because you are committing yourself to a 12-month forward look as to what the ceding company is going to do with rates. Also, some of our decisions to get off some of the business. In the last two years, more and more companies tried to switch to buy excessive loss and we feel in a business that it has severity characteristic to it, excessive loss is not the preferred way for us to support reinsurance. Having said that, yes, the reaction to the financial institutions, issues, that kind of measure on both sides of insurance and reinsurance.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The other thing there is, it might be interesting and we haven't seen this yet, but whether people will take another look at their own risk management guidelines and decide whether primary writers want to buy more reinsurance than they were buying because of this kind of horizontal accumulation they can get out of this.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: It makes sense. Thank you so much. Have a great day, guys.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. A few questions. First is, if you could update us on your exposure to contractors’ liability, especially in California, please?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Vinay, would you just speak a little louder. We have a difficult time hearing you.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Sorry. Could you update us on your exposure to contractors' liability, especially in California?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, in that book of business, which we’ve been a participant since '02 is being… coming down significantly and we have reported that for the past year-and-a-half or so and in spite of what's happening with that activity. There are less projects, a lot of these are project policies. So, in essence, you don't have a lot of renewals. You are doing a project policy. If the project is not going to be funded and start to be built, you don't have the opportunity. So... but I don't have the specific numbers in front of me. I don't have a chit sheet to tell you that, but if it’s important to know what we are, we can't get that information.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: But the book itself and again, as Dinos mentioned, we were writing it in '02 and '03 when no one was writing it. The performance of that book so far and we've been very, very cautious in how we’ve reserved it, it's been extremely good.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It’s been extremely good.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Have you been producing your business since '05?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We produced business in '05 and '06 and even in '07, but the current line is coming down. That's… we wish it didn't, because we still believe in the way we approach the business and the kind of pricing we are getting, it is attractive business, is not just as much of it as it used to be.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Right. And you are not seeing any adverse loss trends as yet on the business?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, no. Everything looks extremely good.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Okay. The second question was on your… your European premium seem to have been higher this quarter. Was it purely a function of ForEx or was there some other growth there?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Don't forget, first quarter is always a strong quarter. So, I think it's a combination of both.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. And the last question was on the operating expense ratio. There seem to have been movement in the reinsurance and the primary insurance segment. On the reinsurance segment, you had a slightly lower run rate this quarter than the past three quarters, but on the primary insurance that picked up. If you could just give us some clarity on that and where you see your expense ratio going, given the fact that you are already using premiums quite dramatically and how do you still manage to maintain the morale of your troops given the fact that the top line is down?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's questions. Let me start with the expense question. We adjust to the expenses based on what we believe the opportunities are in the marketplace. We already have in place to... on the insurance side, plans to make sure that we’ll look at every unnecessary expense and deal with it, nothing that we do is not going to be taken a look at. Having said that, you’ve got to understand, the strength of this company, its underwriting talent, and I am not going to mess with underwriting talent. When we have underwriting talent, we are going to maintain it because in a cyclical business you need those underwriters when the opportunities will come back. Yes, you manage around that, but I will tell you both in insurance and reinsurance, our core underwriting capability is going to be maintained. And I’d rather have one point or two points of additional expense rather than lose my ability to really do wonderful things when the opportunities arrive there. So, we have this balance in our thinking. Yes, we do try to match revenue with expense and we will do the best, but we are not going to do it at the expense of destroying what we believe is the strength of this organization, which is its underwriting talent.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And, Vinay, on the reinsurance question, bear in mind there it's not all of it, there was a slight pick up in the treaty, but a large portion of it is because in the first quarter '07, we did not have facultative operations, we began them in the second quarter. And as you know all of their expenses, because it's a direct operation, show up in the operating line, they have no acquisition cost. They don't pay any brokerage for the business. So, a good chunk as I mentioned, it had an impact on our entire ratio quarter-over-quarter and it accounts for a good part of the tick in the reinsurance side.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Sure. But it was less than that in the second, third, and the fourth quarter, correct?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it is. Because they have been ramping up and as I mentioned, we've been expensing all the costs that come along with it. So, especially in a start-up operation when you gap [ph] it, you don't defer a lot of the expenses. And so, the reason it came down in this quarter is they are beginning to get more and more success, so their volume is starting to build. And quarter-over-quarter, however, you're dealing with a relatively high expense ratio for that segment against zero expense ratio in the prior quarter.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And the economics of that business is different, I mean the fac business operates like you are running on insurance property business. And since it's direct, all the expense is going to go on the expense side. There is no commission that gets paid out?
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: But on the primary insurance business also you saw some pick up in expenses, was it something specific in this quarter?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it’s reduced volume and basically the units will adjust to it as we go into the year.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As Dinos said, there are moves underway that are looking at all the expenses from a zero base standpoint just to make sure that, if we spend a dollar, we are getting an appropriate return on that dollar in some form and whatever is it, there is no sacred cows, whatever is it, it will be eliminated.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. One last question if I may. Your rate reduction that you mentioned at the start of the call seems to be slightly higher than maybe some of the larger players mentioned on their calls. Would that be a few more conservative than them or do you think that your business is more E&S and therefore your rate declines may be higher than maybe the larger players? Thank you.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I don't think… I don't know what others because I have listened to some calls, but not all. I don't know what others are reporting, but don't forget I said, it’s 8% to 12% with two segments at zero. So, when you average, you got to do the average for the entire book of business. So, our book of business will be mid-to-high single digits when you do the averaging, which is no different than what others. Or when you look at the [inaudible] rate, increase, decrease reports or CIAB studies etcetera, they are not that much different form that.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: All right, fair enough. Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Please proceed.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Thanks. Just one or two real quick questions, it's almost lunchtime. The first one, could you tell me what impact did the lower interest rate environment have on you appetite for casualty business this quarter? Did it contribute to the decline at all?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We look at rates all the time on a total return basis and it certainly has affected our appetite in certain areas, because you have hit on a very good point. Certain of the longer tail lines of business, the real rate decline, if you will, is greater than the nominal rate decline. So, yes, the answer is yes, it has had an impact on our view.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We price the business based on the risk-free rate of return. So, in essence, when our pricing actuaries look at that, he has an effect as to if a deal makes the cut or not from a total return characteristic, what the ROE on that business is going to be.
Brian Meredith - UBS: And since we saw an increase in interest rates, it may actually increase your appetite for business?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you see a significant… and it depends how the competition reacts to it, too. I mean it’s all inter-related.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: All things being equal. You never know, Brian.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Right, understood. Last question is, Dinos, can you talk a little bit about appetite actually for either starting an operation or buying something on that voids [ph]?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our preference will be to be starting something than buying. Everything that we’ve seen that has been bought, it didn't meet our characteristics of being fair value. The sellers got a better price than what the buyers got. So, from that perspective, I think… and believe me we said it before, I think a Lloyd's license [ph] will be very valuable to us. It opens the world for opportunities and… but our preferred way is for us to probably create something rather than buy something.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Great, thank you.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-over question from the line of Joshua Shanker with Citi. Please proceed.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: You said you are looking at some of the conference call this morning, one of your friends said that he thought that rates would be breakeven for 2008, the industry would likely produce an underwriting loss for '09. I am wondering how you feel about that, a view of the market in general?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Can you define breakeven?
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: I assume you are talking about just underwriting profits.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: On a combined?
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: On a combined.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't agree with that, I think that's a bit too pessimistic. I think the industry… and at least in the lines of business we are in and the way we are pricing the business, we still believe that on a policy basis, we are getting a 15% ROE on that business. And that view has not changed. It might in a year or two as rate reductions continue to come down, but right now I think there is still margin in that business beyond the break-even point.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And mix of business is important variable in that equation, so it’s hard to generalize, of course you would have to look it as mix of business versus ours. If you are all long tail, you might be moving a lot close into that line than if you got a more diversified book.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: I think he was referring to his... not to his book of business, but the industry in general.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean if your mix is… like we are 40% short tail... and 40% short tail would tell you it's going to come with lower loss ratios, expected lower loss ratios, excluding cats or just normalized cat. So, in essence, your combine ratio, it better be under 100, otherwise you are not going a good underwriting job.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Fair enough.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: If you book a business 100% casualty and all long tail, you might be doing just the opposite, you might be getting closer to 100 combined.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Very good, very good. Well, thank you very much.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Tom Cholnoky with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Thomas Cholnoky - Goldman Sachs: I think I’ll pass, it’s lunchtime. Thank you.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: We are currently showing no more audio questions in queue. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Iordanou and Mr. Vollaro for closing remarks.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks everybody. We are looking forward to talking to you next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Constantine Iordanou - President and CEO John D. Vollaro - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan Brian Meredith - UBS Susan Spivak - Wachovia Ron Bobman - Capital Returns
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2007 Arch Capital Group Earnings Call. My name is Tanya, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. Before we get started today, the company will like to update, management wants to first remind everyone that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the federal securities laws. These statements are based upon management's current assessments and assumptions, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. For more information on the risks and other factors that may affect future performance, investors should review periodic reports that are filed by the company with the SEC from time-to-time. Additionally, certain statements contained in the call that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The company assumes the forward-looking statements in the call to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Management also will make reference to some non-GAAP measures of financial performance. The reconciliation to GAAP and definition of operating income can be found in the company's current report on Form 8-K furnished to the SEC yesterday, which contains the company's earnings press release and is available on the company's website. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Dinos Iordanou and John Vollaro. Please proceed.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Tanya, and good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. We are very pleased with the results we have achieved and equally pleased with the underwriting discipline our operating units display during the year in a much more challenging market environment. Our book value per share including the effects of share repurchases increased to $55.12, a 25% increase from December of 2006. Our after-tax operating income for the fourth quarter was $3.11 per share, which represents 24.3% annualized return on average common equity. John as usual will give you a more detailed commentary on our financials in a few minutes. But, before I turn it over to him, let me share with you some comments on subprime exposures, our Gulf Re joint venture investment, and on general market conditions. Our subprime exposures are relatively small. On pages 10 and 11 of our earnings release, we provided a more detailed listing of our investments. As you can see our subprime holdings are minimal and the quality of our other holdings is excellent. John will provide further color later on in his presentation. On the liability side of the balance sheet, we also believe that in relative terms our exposures are not significant. Before I give you some of the specific data, I would like to remind you that we began to dramatically reduce our D&O exposures starting in the year 2005. This reduction was more acute on our reinsurance business than in our insurance business. Our reinsurance units write no retro clash cover. In addition, our exposure to the top six D&O writers is limited to one company and only for a portion of their book-of-business. We estimate the market share of our reinsurance operations in the affected D&O and E&O lines to be in the range of four-tenths of 1% to eight-tenths of 1%, a very minimal exposure. As for our insurance operations, our total financial institutions premium volume for 2006 was 89 million on a gross basis, and 46 million on a net basis with an average limit of 4.5 million net and an average attachment of $60 million. In 2007, our gross written premium was 77 million, and our net written premium was 36 million with an average limit of 4 million net, and the same 60 million average attachment points. We estimate the U.S. financial institutions market to be between $3 billion to $4 billion. Therefore, our market share on a net basis is approximately 1%. We believe that industry losses emanating from the subprime crisis will be from the 2006 and 2007 underwriting years, and will develop over the next several years. It is also our view that primary writers will incur a larger amount of the industry loss than excess carriers. Based on these assumptions, and although it is still early in the development of these losses, we believe that our potential loss should be contained within our loss estimates and our IBNR provisions. Turning to strategic developments, on January 22nd, we enter into a joint venture agreement with the Gulf Investment Corporation to form a reinsurance company in Dubai International Financial Center. The Gulf Investment Corporation is owned equally by the six Gulf States, which are members of the Gulf Cooperative Council. The joint venture which is a 50-50 partnership will operate in the gulf territories and provide property and casualty reinsurance. Our underwriting expertise combined with our partner's strong local relationships in a region that is growing very fast should afford us the opportunity to gain a meaningful amount of profitable business over the long term. Gail Norstrom, a seasoned veteran of the insurance business will be the CEO of Gulf Re. This venture is another step in our long-term strategy of gaining further territorial diversification. The insurance market in general continues to drift downwards, and is following the recent trends we have experienced in the past year or two, with rate movement varying by line of business. Rate reductions range from the low to mid single-digits to up to the low mid double-digits for certain sectors. Large premium accounts continue to be under more competitive pressures than smaller premium accounts. Overall, our gross return premium declined by 5%, and our net return premium declined by 4%. By unit, our reinsurance group reduced its premium writings by 10% on a gross basis, and 12% on a net basis, while our insurance group premium volume was down by 3.5% on a gross basis and relatively flat on a net basis. We are pleased with the returns generated by both of our operating units and although our focus on maintaining margins resulted in a declining premium volume, we are confident that the underwriting discipline exhibited by our units will enhance our ability to grow our book value per share at very attractive rate overtime. In reinsurance, primary companies are increasingly scrutinizing their reinsurance purchases by retaining more business net, and by attempting to shift from proportional placements to excess of loss. With the exception of more pressure on seeding commissions other reinsurance terms are generally holding. On insurance, we continue to shift our emphasis to smaller accounts and loss sensitive business where pressure on rates is less. Large premium accounts as I mentioned before, continues to attract the most competition. We have grown in the following sectors; professional liability, construction surety, national accounts, and executive assurance. Our professional liability growth emanates from our travel accident business, which is included in the professional liability line because management responsibility lies there. Our executive assurance, is experiencing actually negative growth in the U.S. and Bermuda, while is growing its non-U.S. exposures in small to medium size companies predominantly in Europe. The growth in construction surety and nation accounts is coming predominantly from our loss -sensitive business, national accounts business. All other segments have shown negative growth due to market conditions. As indicated in our release, given market conditions, we did not renew the Flatiron facility. As a result of this action, our net property and property cat volume will increase, but we intend to remain within our risk management guidelines in our aggregate PML exposures. As we have reminded you in the past in determining our 1 in 250 event PML, we include all exposures that we believe could accumulate in a given event not just the property exposures. As of February 1st 2007, our 1in 250 PML from a single event expresses a percentage of common equity, was approximately 20% with Northeast windstorm and in Tri-County, Florida being the largest loss. With that, I am going to turn it over to John to get you through our financial performance. John?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Dinos. Good morning, everyone. From a financial standpoint, our fourth quarter results capped another terrific year, with a return on equity of over 24% driving growth in book value per share in excess of 7% for the quarter, and 25% for the year. As usual, I'm going to briefly walk through the key components of our financial results, starting with the top line, and focusing primarily on the quarterly results included in the release. Dinos, has commented on some detail on premium volume, but there are few additional items of note. For the year, premium is written by the insurance segment represented 64% of our gross volume, and 59% of our net, while property, and other short-tail lines of business now represent approximately 36% of our consolidated net premium volume. On a consolidated basis, the ratio of net to gross written premium in 2007 remained at approximately 7%. On a reported basis, we ceded $35 million of written premium to Flatiron in the fourth quarter's of 2007 and 2006. On an earned basis premium ceded on to this treaty amounted to $76 million for the fourth quarter of 2007 in comparison with $62 million ceded during the 2006 fourth quarter. The overwrite and estimated profit commission recorded on the treaty with Flatiron are reflected as a reduction of the acquisition expenses of the reinsurance segment, and improved the expense ratio of that segment by 410 basis points in 2007. While the impact on their expense ratio in the comparable 06, period was 250 basis points. As Dinos indicated, we did not renew the treaty with Flatiron. The unearned premium on business ceded to Flatiron was approximately $145 million at December, 31 2007. We also expect that an additional $25 million of written premium on existing contracts will be ceded to Flatiron in 2008 primarily. Most of the ceded premium yet to be earned and their related fees including profit sharing if any will be reflected in earnings in 2008, and 2009, but predominantly in the first and second quarter's of 2008. In addition, since we own the rights of the business previously ceded, any newer renewal business return will afford us the opportunity for additional profit. Underwriting income for the fourth quarter of 2007 was $1.59 per share in comparison with $1.71 per share recorded in the fourth quarter of last year. On a consolidated basis, the combined ratio was 84.4% in 2007 quarterly period, which was slightly higher than the comparable 2006 level. These outstanding underwriting results would do in part to the continuation of the excellent results of the property, and marine business of the reinsurance segment, as well as to the favorable development of prior year reserves. The difference in the combined ratio, quarter-over-quarter resulted from an increase in the loss ratio attributable in part to a lower effect on the loss ratio from favorable development. On a consolidated basis, favorable reserve development net of related adjustment acquisition expenses, totaled $32 million in the 2007 fourth quarter compared to $33 million recorded in the fourth quarter of 2006. The components when you look at the acquisition versus loss, however were different accounting for the difference in the loss ratio. A significant portion of the net favorable development in 2007 quarter was attributable to short and medium-tail lines. In general, reported and paid claim activity across most of lines of business, remained at favorable levels, and IBNRs and ACRs remained at approximately three-fourths of our total loss reserve. Pretax net investment income in the fourth quarter on a reported basis increase by approximately 11% to $120 million or $1.69 per share. Investment income in the 2000 fourth quarter was adversely impacted by $1.6 million or $0.02 per share from mark-to- market adjustments on certain fixed income investments that are accounted for in this manner, because of the legal form of the investments. There are no such investments in the comparable 2006 period. The growth in investment income on our quarter-over-quarter basis was primarily due to a higher level of average investable assets. This growth was generated by cash flow from operations, which amounted to $333 million for the 2007 quarter, and $1.44 billion for the full year. After reflecting share repurchases, which I will comment on a detail in a movement investable assets rose by 11% to approximately $10.1 billion at year end, and the portfolio remains very healthy, and well positioned. The total pretax return of the portfolio was approximately 8.3% for the fourth quarter of 2007 and 6.5% for the full year. The average pretax yield of the fixed income portfolio before the effects of the mark-to-market adjustments I just mentioned was 4.95% in the 2007 quarter. This represented an increase of six basis points over the comparable 2006 yield plus sequentially on an adjusted basis the yield was flat. The increase in investment yield on quarter-over-quarter basis resulted primarily from higher interest rates embedded in the portfolio, as the portfolios average credit quality remain near the AAA level. During the quarter, the duration of the portfolio basically remain unchanged at approximately 3.3 years. Realized and unrealized gains on the portfolio increased book value per share by $1.1 for the 2007 quarter, and were primarily attributable to interest rate, and currency movements partially offset by the effects of wider credits spreads. Portfolio continues to be comprised primarily of high quality fixed income securities with essentially no investment in hedged or private equity funds. As Dinos indicated in his remarks, we have included additional data on mortgage-backed securities in our portfolio on page 11, of the release which I encourage you to review. As the data indicates our exposure to subprime securities is minor, and the quality of the mortgage-backed securities is very high as reflected by numerous metrics including their vintage, loan-to-values, subordination, market value relative to costs and current ratings. In addition, the portfolio contains no CDOs or CLOs. We remain very comfortable with the quality and liquidity of the portfolio, and a result we are position to look for attracted opportunity that may arise as a result of the turmoil, currently affecting the financial markets. Running through the tax expense we recorded an income tax benefit applicable to operating income of $1.9 million in the 2007 quarter. As you may know, the company's tax provision is adjusted each quarter to reflect changes in our estimated annual effective tax rate. Moreover, a significant part of the companies catastrophe exports written, business is written by Bermuda subsidiary, as a result the company's effective tax rate is favorably affected in period with a low level of cap losses and adversely impacted and periods with significant catastrophe claims activity. Primarily due to the below average level of cat losses incurred fourth quarter results included credit of approximately $6.2 million or $0.09 a share due to a downward adjustment to our annual effective tax rate. We currently expect that our annual effective rate on taxes on operating income for 2008 will fall within a range of 2% to 4%. Our balance sheet is in terrific shape, and our financial flexibility remains strong with total capital amounting to approximately $4.3 billion at year-end, and with debt and hybrids representing less than 15% of the total. With respect to capital management during the fourth quarter of 07, we repurchased approximately 2 million common shares for a consideration of $136 million. That brought the total number of shares repurchased in 2007 to approximately 7.8 million shares at a cost of $537 million, which represent an average price per share of $69.13 or 1.25 times our year-end book value per share. At year-end, we had approximately $463 million remaining available under the current share repurchase authorization. On a weighted average basis, the share repurchases were accretive to earnings per share by approximately $0.19 for the 2007 quarter. The effect would have been $0.22 per share if full weight were given to the repurchases in the quarter. The repurchases also enhanced return on equity for the quarter by approximately 220 basis points, and 150 basis points for the year, for the quarter share repurchases net of accretion reduced book value per share by approximately $0.08 while for the full year share repurchases reduced book value per share by roughly $1.45 on a net basis. In summary, our 2007 operating results and capital management initiatives produced a return on equity of more than 24% in book value despite the effect of the share repurchases grew over 7% during the quarter, and 25% for the full year. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will take questions now Tanya. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Vinay.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Thanks for the clarity on the D&O on the E&O exposures. Do you have sense for what the total industry losses will be for such exposures?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: We believe as most believe that the losses would be around $3 billion, but its too early in the game. That number is very, very soft. I don't want you to pay tremendous amount of attention to it, it could be. There is scenarios that they can make it larger, and there is scenario that can make it a bit smaller than that. The thing, I want you to focus on is that, the D&O-E&O, premium for the industries is in excess of $10 billion, and these will effect two years, the 06, and 07 year. So, you got $20 billion worth of revenue the industry is getting from writing these lines. So, even if the loss is double what I mentioned, as a percent, as a loss ratio percent is not going to be dramatic because all other activity within the lines has been benign. So, it is a loss. It will develop overtime. But, at the end of the day, I don't think is changing the market significantly.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Thanks, Dinos. When you said your reserves for your losses for 06 and 07, was it based on an industry loss estimate of about $3 billion or was it more based on contract specifications?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we do two things. One is you said case reserves on specific cases. So, we had a few reported in our insurance group, you make the evaluation and you set up a case reserve for those, and if we had any reports in the reinsurance side, we do exactly the same. The rest of it, we put in our IBNR account and it's a combination of looking at industry estimated aggregate loss and what our market share is. And in the reinsurance division, we look contract by contract and what we believe our maximum exposure will be on a particular contract. The fact that we have not participated on the reinsurance side in the top six writers, we don't have that many contracts for us that give us a concern.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Okay, that's fair. And, the second question is the growth in your surety and contractors, if you could just explain that. And also, in a declining economy, how do you see the losses on that business stacking up? Thanks.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, on the D&O lines and this is predominately commentary on the insurance group. We saw reductions because of price pressures in the U.S., and also what we do in Bermuda, which is predominately U.S. exposed type of business. In Bermuda we write the very high excess; a lot of it is Side A and is touching in excess of 100 million in most cases. What we have grown in the D&O area is our initiatives in Europe. We write a small to medium size enterprises that have no U.S. exposure, no ADRs, and no listening in the U.S. exchanges. So, that's the mix in our D&O, E&O book. That was your question or you had something further to that?
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: It wason the surety and contractors, actually. Sorry.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I'll get into that in a bit. We classified construction surety and national accounts into one bucket because of the way we manage that grew. On the construction side, we kind of flattish and most of what we write is that medium to larger contractors not the jumbos and a lot of what we do is loss-sensitive. These are our accounts that they will retain the first 100,000 to 250,000 of each and every loss for GL, auto and workers' comp. That's our portfolio. On the surety side, we have seen a significant reduction in volume for our subdivision bonds, which were a big facility, we write a lot of subdivision bonds. It's not a lot of premium, but we have seen quite bit over restrain by developers in developing a new tracks of land for development. It's the obvious thing. I mean, if they have high inventory of unsold homes and not going to be developing new track that business is performing extremely well for us. The unfortunate thing is that the volume is not as great as we had in prior years, and probably won't be for another year or two. The rest of the surety is predominantly, on commercial contracts and a lot of it is for either federal state work etcetera, and we haven't seen a slowdown, either in activity or request or we haven't seen significant degradation of the financials of some of these contractors. With the exception of some that they on both sides, of they do residential and commercial construction and they go back and forth. So, it's too early, but traditionally surety has not suffered because we go through a softer cycle of course sub-prime. It's going to create some credit crunch and it will affect that sector also, but we monitoring it that and along with our credit committees we make sure that we have enough collateral when we extend credit to these contractors.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Vinay, the thing I would add is when you look at that grouping, the growth is coming out of the national accounts business, the loss-sensitive business. We are not growing the surety book at the movement.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: All right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Heimermann with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Hey, good morning everyone.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Matt. Good morning.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: I guess I had a couple of quick numbers questions. The first one was John, could you just remind us how much Flatiron -- how much premium you ceded to Flatiron in 07?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We ceded roughly -- on an earned basis?
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: On a written basis, actually.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: On a written basis, roughly $280 million we ceded to them in 07.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then, going forward when we think about the premium left to earn, we should be summing the one the unwritten premium, which I think you said was 147 plus the 25 that's going to be written?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well this is going to be a little bit of written to.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Yes.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well,that's 145 written and 125 near, plus about 25 is our current estimate because it's on a pro rata contracts.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay, perfect. I just wanted to make sure that I didn't screw that up. The other thing was Dinos -- actually, one more numbers question for John was just. Can you give us a sense or Dinos, can you give us sense in the commercial contactors business how much of your book is state federal, and how does -- how does that compare to the industry because a lot of people have been talking about a lot of this is federal or state business, but I don't really have any metric to put that in the contract?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have that number right in front of me, but we can get it to you. But, usually a lot of what gets bonded is state federal work because it's bonded by law. And in essence, the bigger portion of what we do emanates from those sectors. But, we will get to number. We don't have it right at our fingertips and I don't want to speculate. Speculation usually is not a good thing.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Dinos, that's fair enough. I appreciate that. And then a last thing Dinos is just, I guess I would appreciate your views on how the D&O situation is going to play out. Do you -- is your sense that... it's going to take a while for people to figure out losses, but do you think we are going to see the industry establishing case reserves increasingly over the course of the next year or let's say, or do you think what we are going to see is purely companies are going to hold higher levels of IBNR than they have in the past and maybe some -- maybe you actually see a slow down in the release of IBNR from some of this D&O and E&O lines?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's kind of early on the games. Each case goes on its own facts and its own merit. And here, you had situations that they are going to be D&O cases, but also their going to be E&O cases. A lot of the E&O cases potentially would be for the large investment banks, which they were selling these kinds of products. It only takes a lawyer with a law degree to draft a complaint. I mean they sue -- and it's going to go basically on the merits. For the insurance business, not a lot of investment banks E&O has been purchased because it's a cover that was not really readily available for them. So in essence, the big investment banks are going to be on their own, when it comes to the E&O side. On the D&O, of course, they are going to be their allegations too. The Side A is probably much more protected on the basis that we don't see any investment banks going bankrupt. So, Side A will give you derivative actions and bankruptcy. The rest of it, I think is got to go case -- case by case. Companies, they are setting reserves when they have the facts, but seems this is got so much notoriety also, companies they are trying to add to their IBNR because -- believe me, if I had a clearer picture, I'll be able to elaborate further. So, at least what we do is we try to get a global view what our market share is, insurance and reinsurance etcetera. Look at our specific cases, reserve those and then throw IBNR, which is now judgment should cover the rest of it. That's the approach that we take. I believe it is not that I have inside information that most companies have a similar process to that.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Please proceed.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Thanks. Good morning, Dinos, and good morning, John. A couple of quick questions here for you. First, just quickly on the D&O situation, how much of your business is primary versus excess?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have almost zero primary, we are predominantly an excess writer.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay, great. And then, on Flatiron, can you give me a sense of how much of that Flatiron business actually renews it one-one in the business you ceded and then, on top of that, how much business the Flatiron do you think you can keep here going forward without going above what your target threshold PML is?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it vary by the two years. So, I am going to give you blended -- because it depends when we make decisions. But, January 1, I would say somewhere between 35% and 40%, you know, not January 1, the first quarter of each year [ph]. Our determination is to you know how much we are going to retain, is going to be depend on what the pricing is, and what aggregate PMLs, you know we want to retain on a net basis. As I said in my prepared remarks, we were not going to exceed our maximum risk management limit with just 25% of common equity you know at the maximum. I will guess and this is depending, if the markets stays where it is today, probably you're going to see you know our PML go to maybe 22% to 23%, right before the season, but I can't tell you exactly which contracts, we are going to renew, and which contracts we are going to cut back on. It will depend on the available pricing in the marketplace and that's the way we allocate PML, aggregates, we go deal-by-deal, we see where we think the potential for maximizing our profit is, and that's where we allocate the PML capacity. But, we are going to have that overarching limit of PML capacity, and our intention is to use it. We still like the pricing even though the pricing was about down 15%, the year-over-year on the cat business, we still believe is it gives us adequate returns for the risk that we are taking, so we continue to be in that sector.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Great. And then John, could you give us some help here with how you expect the reinsurance expense ratio to kind of play out throughout 2008. I mean it looks like you've been getting a benefit of about three points a quarter on your expense ratio from the Flatiron commission income. So that kind of just gradually wind down every single quarter to the end of the year?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I think I will be weighted more towards the, you'll get more benefit in the first and second quarters from the write-off of the Flatiron business, because they earn premium comes in, they'll still be getting benefit, and then the increase in the acquisition ratio purely itself. Now to the extent obviously we write additional business, and retain it for ourselves, that's going to be a kind of balancing factor, and how that plays out is just going to be a function of how much business we do take on, and then whether, or not its pro rata versus excess.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Catbusiness is usually success, and even though pro rata contract will give you a cat component, but on, if we will increase our excess business that comes at a much lower expense ratio it's the nature of how these contracts say operate, so it's very hard to predict the expenses ratio, because I've got to have the deals deal-by-deal and determine if the quota share, which they have the high ceding commission also high expense or excess of laws, which they give you a very low expenses ratio.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And we are basically agnostic as to whether it's one or the other it's just where we think we can get the best risk adjusted return.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, the economics will drive a determination as to where we play.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay. And then last question on remind us as to kind of dividend for us. Any thoughts is implementing a dividend here any time soon?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well we are at the movement, we are still obviously have a lot left under our authorization and of course the board can always increase that again if they desire, and where we are currently is we still especially based on where the stock is today, and when you look at what we, the intrinsic value is of the company, we think it's a better use of the money to buy stock back at these levels, at some point, something we continue to think about all the time, and at some point in the future, that the scales may tilt in the other direction, but I say for now it's still rather, we rather used the capital or buyback stock.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay.Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Susan Spivak with Wachovia. Please proceed.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia: Good morning. Dinos and John, I was hoping you could go into a just a little bit more detail on the insurance side about the level of competition. We've just been hearing so much about how intense it is gone, and especially in the excess and surplus lines markets from a lot of the new players coming in and so, just wondering if you can talk a little bit about what your strategy is going forward, and what you are seeing in those markets?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, let me, the, we see two things on the E&S side, yes we see more competition, it comes from two sources. The class of 01, if you refer to us, has been in this business now for five, six years, along with the domestic players. The new entrants is the class of 05, with some of them starting to set up E&S operations, and go after their business, but more importantly also the standard markets is trying to call back some of the business that shouldn't have gone through the E&S market, but it did and now they will write in on at immediate basis. So that was going, so the price is shrinking a bit, so we are writing less of it etcetera. From a pricing point of view, I can only give you on numbers, in the third quarter of 07, this segment for us, which includes both umbrella excess, and primary surplus lines. It was down 6% in rate. In the fourth quarter, it was down 7.9% in rate, that's on the business that we have renewed, and kept. The business that we have lost of course had a high percentage reduction in that. That's what happening in that particular segment, you know of the business.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia: So the new business pricing is down more than double than of the renewals?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, no what I said is our, the business we have renewed and kept on our books, we lost 7.9% average rate.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: On business that we didn't renew, we lost to competition, the rate reduction was greater than 7.9%.
Susan Spivak - Wachovia: Okay, great. Thanks, Dino.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes as a follow-up from the line of Matthew Heimermann with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Hi, just two quick follow-ups on Flatiron, and one was John I guess maybe I wouldn't like the ceded earned premium from Flatiron last year, and the other thing was would you be willing to give us the PML, as of year-end, if you excluded the benefit of Flatiron. I mean the reinsurance protection you get from Flatiron as if that was all gross equal to that there?
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Probably it's a little tricky to do that only, because of the Florida business, if I gave it to you in the Northeast it might be more appropriate. I don't think it would be that dramatically different from where we are right now.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: You see are agreeing don't forget the Flatiron cover our business return out of Arch Re Limited in Bermuda and we have other portions of businesses that they contribute to our PML like our U.S. operations, which is for the Northeast, they can be a factor, they don't the reinsurance operation in the U.S, they don't write a lot of Southeast win, but they do write Midwestern hail and tornado and some Northeast business, and of course, we have the insurance group, and the insurance group contributes to that. But, the business that we do in Bermuda, and we were at 55 to 45 split the PML usual is split on that same basis for that portion of the exposure.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and John.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: John is working on some numbers.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: I was going to say your point on Florida basically reflects the fact that there is probabilistically you don't put a lot of risk in your PML at year-end for that business even if there is premium earned, correct? So, in other words if I ask you the PML differential at 7:1 [ph], there would be a bigger differential that you are talking about today?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes what I said is that given the market conditions where they are today, our PML now is at 20% of common equity probably at the beginning of the season. This is just a projection. It might or might not happen, because you don't know what kind of contracts you're going to get. That will probably increase to 22% to 23% that's our estimate right now.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay. All right, that's helpful.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That numbers I gave you was the earned as opposed to the written.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Okay, do you have the written then.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah,let me get you that. You are working on your model I guess?
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: The multi-tasking.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The return was about 310.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: 310. Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. Was it that obvious I was working on my model?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Your model is pretty good though, we will compliment you on that.
Matthew Heimermann - J.P. Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Ron Bobman with Capital Returns. Please proceed.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Hi, good morning, congrats and fine job.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Ron.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: I had a question about your insurance business and your approach to buying reinsurance, whether you are buying more, buying less and if you talk about it on sort of the sub-segment lines of business in sight of the insurance book? Thanks a lot.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me -- we were net underwriters when we write exposures for what we call small accounts with small limits. So, usually in a lot of it in our professional liability, when we issue $0.5 million, $1 million dollar policies etcetera, we like to underwrite on our net account and we keep that know 100% net. When it comes to capacity products, D&O is one, or property is another one or large professional liability exposures or medical malpractice for hospitals. Our approach there is to buy reinsurance. And usually, we want to retain of 25 million capacity somewhere between $10 million to $12.5 million of net of that, so somewhere between 40% to 50% of the line net. The exception of that will be property that even when we put 100 million capacity, we only retain maximum of 15% -- $15 million net line or 50% of the $100 million. Our philosophy with reinsurance is as follows; you want to protect your book of business both on a horizontal basis and on a vertical basis, we make those judgments. And then depending on what the market will give us, we determine if we're going to by more or less. Right now, our tendency is to buy more reinsurance rather than less in the sectors that require capacity because we believe, the pricing is not that detrimental to us. So, in essence we might have a positive arbitrage in the marketplace. The other thing we do is, we might switch some covers from a pro rata to an excess of loss, especially like the excess of loss in our course. And this is not unusual for companies to do in a softening market. They might switch some of the play. So, the bottom line is I think we are buying a little more and also I think in some of our programs, we are switching to an excess of loss if we can.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: And no change on what you sort of described just the small capacity business?
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we -- as a matter of fact, those are the lines that basically, none of us more business is experiencing rate reduction that exceed 5%. A lot of then, we have segments that's are flat, we have segments that, their only 1% or 2%. It's not a good picture because you still have trend going against you, maybe the frequency is still good, but the severity trend is increasing. But, in a market that everything is going down when you're getting flat or 1% or 2% or 3% reductions, it's a much better business to keep. And also, is not as volatile because you don't have significant limits exposed.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Ron, that's obviously where we sit today and something we look about and think about all the time. We always try to be in a position so that we can adjust to what's going on in the market in a variety of ways, and reinsurance purchasing is one of them.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns: Understood.Thanks again, and best of luck.
John D. Vollaro - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And there are no other questions at this time.
Constantine Iordanou - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, ladies and gentlemen. We are looking forward to seeing you next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. And have a great day.
